Mar 27, 2016 
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGsrMaxx8N4
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/714244814972256256
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153526222167634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-v-batman-v-superman

Half in the bag.
did you know that Bruce
Wayne is Batman
Oh lightning-fast VCR repair this is
Mike how can I help you no we can't help
you with your Netflix I don't even know
what that is oh go fuck yourself
Mike you shouldn't be yelling at the
customers well we keep getting these
calls about people who want to watch a
movie about nets and even though there
were so many beekeepers in Wisconsin
Mike Netflix is a streaming service oh
so it's about fishing nets I get it that
makes a lot more sense
Mike I think we need to face reality the
VCR repair business is no longer viable
people watch movies on their fucking
phones now oh god what are you doing
well I think I'm watching the news ax
Nider film hey speaking of loud
obnoxious miserable tiresome worn-out
and old we should really give mr.
Plunkett a visit see if that cows still
milk able mmm I think I know what you
mean you want to squeeze on his old tits
to see if any milk comes out so that we
could sell it on the street corner
hello hello mr. Plunkett hello
you might who's that guy oh my god I
don't know hey fucko who are you oh hi
I'm rich from lightning-fast VCR repair
what you work for lightning-fast VCR
repair yeah yeah Tim hired me after
these these two guys he's too homosexual
men Mike and J I think they they went
off in some kind of gay retreat in a
mountaintop somewhere now that my friend
is only partially true
yeah well anyway seems like the second
they left we started getting flooded
with calls from all over town
so everyone needed their VCRs repaired
I've I've been so busy I can't keep up
that's all okay here's how it's gonna go
down I'm gonna shoot him in the back of
the head with the shotgun
you shoot him repeatedly in the
testicles with your pistol wait we might
be able to use this to our advantage now
this guy looks pretty dumb we might be
able to use him think I know where
you're going with this J yeah we can
milk his tits ah so uh this is any rich
rich how's the repair going what the
headphones it's kind of idiot stupid ass
what I said how's the repair going oh
well things are going pretty good I was
just about to take a break to watch the
new SEC Snyder film I was at the movie
or a cop teams up with an orc no no I
was gonna see the Batman vs Superman
dawn of
ADEs what Don of AIDS no no the titles
dawn of justice
why don't we all go see the film
together yeah we'd love to be best
friends yeah we like you
oh you guys are Mike and Jay well I
guess it's a good thing you guys are
back I could really use some help fixing
all of these VCRs or you could do all
the work while we skim money off the top
and take advantage of your hard work
ethic and milk your tits man milk goes
for a lot these days on the Chinese
black market it's a little side gig I
want to get into this motherfucker looks
like he's filled with bad milk is any of
that true
probably
you got to be the one to tell him to
take his pants off oh why would he have
to take his pants off to milk his tits
I mean his shirt uh hey let's go watch
the movie sounds great yeah well that
sucked yep yep yep yep yep yep yeah yep
yeah my thought was gonna be yep exactly
what I thought it was gonna be yep yep
yep yep
how about that yep yep yep yeah yeah oh
god yeah yeah yep oh yeah yeah yep oh
whoa yah yah yah yah yah yah bows a
movie yeah
yup yep yeah yo what
that's how it starts the fever array of
turns good men cruel it's finally time
it's finally here years of anticipating
the most dark loud explosive and longest
movie ever and now everyone can finally
see it you probably think I'm talking
about miracles from heaven but nope I'm
talking about Batman V Superman dawn of
Justice motherfuckers Zack Snyder brings
us another movie yes punching monsters
overacting bad acting explosions a
confusing plot but who cares you fill
your face with popcorn you dumb fat cows
eat the slop before the slaughter you
fucking pigs Batman V Superman has X
nighter calls it is film sir technically
sir ma'am what would you think of what
happened not I'm not I'm not not sure
why I'm not entirely sure what happened
what do you did was it better or worse
than Man of Steel better see I'm leaning
towards better but I'm wondering if
that's just because I went into this one
knowing what to anticipate iin a steel
Man of Steel was shocking like I could
not believe what I was seeing this I was
prepared for it and the moment when
Batman rips a sink off of a public
bathroom wall and beats 2 grand over the
head with it is probably the funniest
thing I will see all year so it's got
that going for it
I just say this thing's in the movie I
actually like I like the solo Batman
stuff some of it this is probably my
favorite live-action portrayal of Batman
he does detective he things he's not
he's not Christian bill he's not an
asshole yeah he's an asshole but he's a
proper Batman asshole it's kind of quiet
reserved
thinking thoughtful until he starts
killing people with Noah endlessly which
is in Batman's character definitely
that's that's this whole thing right is
that he just violently murders everyone
indiscriminately
I can't blame that on Ben Affleck though
that's the strong no Ben Affleck's good
I like Ben Affleck as Batman I think is
what I'm saying Batman's the the most
interesting superhero in a way because
he's the most human you know he's the
most like us and he can be kind of
broken and which is really fascinating
to be coupled with all this heroic stuff
Ben Affleck as Batman was most
definitely the best part of the film I
like I like a later year Batman who's
kind of like whatever and the detective
you have us read The Dark Knight no I
remember the Dark Knight Returns which
is of course the the biggest inspiration
for this version of Batman and I think
that book is genius but the story itself
is not that story um the story itself is
a story that we came up with just um you
know on our own
the best part was the ten minutes for
family and fight Superman no that was
the - Lakia sparked that's what I
enjoyed the biggest that's why I was
back okay
there's Barrow so fucking dour like I
mean I'm nuts
we should try and avoid just repeating
everything we said with Man of Steel
which is hard to do because this is very
much like Man of Steel in that the first
half is boring depressing almost
incoherent there's no narrative thrusts
it's just sort of scenes happening and
it's like close up close up close up
close up in another location so I guess
we're in a new scene
there's no establishing shots throughout
the entire fucking movie it's just like
all these close-ups yeah
and there's no like you could replace
put the scenes in any order and it
wouldn't make much of a difference
that's true well I think I agree with
you when you said you were more prepared
this time because Man of Steel like I
had a physical headache like and I'm not
just speaking like it was a headache the
movie I'd literally my head was pounding
and I had to go like this at a certain
point and close off my senses because I
felt like I was being assaulted yes this
eye whether or not I was just more
prepared for it or didn't seem as
excessive as I was expecting so it was
less loud and stupid than I was hoping
for but it was more confusing the last
25 minutes is pure confusing though yeah
confusing destruction confusing
destruction pointless stupid yeah yeah
ah
and dream sequences Oh God in there for
what seems like to be put in the trailer
only yeah Batman there's a stream
secrets payments wearing like a duster
like a like a trench coat and he's in
the desert and then a ghost Robin is
that supposed to be Robin who's the
fucking ghost that tells him
oh yeah ghost comes out of his computers
a ghost comes out of his computer it's
like Lois is the key to all of this
oh I she's a funnier character than
we've had before but if we don't want
her key I'll tell you one pretty sure
that is okay and it's weird that it was
a dream sequence because if it wasn't a
dream sequence sequence it would have
been clever uh-huh I think that's the
flash
the flesh has time travel powers because
he can run faster than the speed of
light
okay I mean I dream travel power not
dream travel powers if that wasn't a
dream sequence that would have been like
a fairly clever hint for like movies to
come like flashes coming in from a
future movie to warn Bruce Wayne about
something but he just it was too early
and Bruce Wayne doesn't know who the
flash is yet and that wouldn't need set
up but then it was a dream well he said
clever hints at movies to come this
movie has hints of movies to come but
there's nothing clever about any of it
and there won't be any movies to come
well this movie is terrible but if it
gets if it makes a shitload of money it
doesn't matter I think it will it
probably will I mean who doesn't want to
see a Batman vs. Superman movie
but this is murder man versus captain
hypocrite which ones which right but
Batman is definitely murder man
there was like an hour and a half of
boring scenes and then the minute you
left exciting action shot is the same
Batman runs into Superman with the way
we believe we find out that the boat is
smuggling the Kryptonite then they're
putting the Kryptonite onto like a truck
and the smugglers are gonna take that
Lex Luthor and then Batmobile charges in
and and just starts killing everybody
cannons and Men decides he wants to
steal the Kryptonite so he just murders
everyone and was like like the car jumps
off of ramps and lands on people and he
actually he looks a lot like a cord to
another car drags the car around does
like a like a spin thing so the car
flies through the air to hit another car
it's the dumbest shit and I assume you
were laughing during the sequence
and then Superman who's had no qualms
about murdering people up till now he
lands like on the Batmobile like the
Batmobile hit Superman just bounces away
and he tells Batman
you better stop being Batman then he
flies off was that the actual dialogue
it was basically basically next time
they shine your light in the sky don't
go to it the bat is dead bury it
consider this mercy then two scenes
later off-camera Batman steals the
Kryptonite off camera back from Lex
Luthor back from Lex Luthor yeah how
does he do that every don't even show it
they really didn't show it it just you
just cut the Lex coming into the LexCorp
it's like like sirens and whatnot and
and the cage the Kryptonite was in
there's just like a Batarang in there
yeah they have this whole action scene
that's pointless because he's trying to
steal the Kryptonite he doesn't steal
the Kryptonite you could have had a
whole action scene of him actually
stealing the Kryptonite and they just
don't have that Hey Bruce Wayne meets
Clark Kent I love it I love bringing
people together how are we Thanks
well speaking of Lex Luthor what was his
goal in this movie he has no motivation
he has less than he has negative
motivation why does he not like Superman
I don't know because the movie needs to
happen he says something like is he just
jealous of his power that's not made
clear yeah he has lots of link like
diatribes about gods yeah relation with
humans and stuff but so I guess it's
just related to that but it's all really
really vague and it's just it's just
there to set up a giant orc monster at
the end of the movie for everyone to
fight yeah well Lex reminded me more of
the Joker than he did of Lex Luthor yes
like an insane who comes across one can
create chaos was the polar opposite of
Batman he he just wants chaos he'd be a
half-decent Joker you're right
he's a terrible Lex Luthor he should
have been the Joker
iconic it's a three syllable word for
any thought too big for little minds I
was gonna say the biggest problem but
one of the many problems of the film is
that this is not a likable Superman who
would people would build statues to this
is a Superman who who brought terror and
destruction to Metropolis yeah and
that's established in this movie there's
so many people that are against him like
it's not even like the last movie maybe
they set that up and then this movie
ignores that in this movie that's one of
the major points is that people are
really conflicted on how to feel about
him isn't that spider-man's thing where
people don't like him yeah and he
decides to help even though people beg
him people supposedly like Superman
there's a memorial statue to Superman
but who likes him everyone's protest I
own it that's the fill I mean you want
you wait wait wait wait wait what you
need to do chef Batman and Batman's mr.
Dahmer right you want a contrast Batman
of course with colorful Superman not
Superman and you need colors who breaks
people's necks flies through buildings
that collapse on children and then
murders people in the desert well there
was one part I think it's when Lex
Luthor
Superman comes back he throws Amy Adams
off the roof yes somehow Superman knows
she's falling hey Superman he's right he
catches her and then he puts her down
and comes back up and then he says to
Lex Luthor I'd rather bring you in one
piece than broken in a million pieces
well he saw something similar to Batman
oh my guess no I think it's more along
lines of like I should bring you in a
million pieces but I'm gonna do you this
kindness yeah thank you Superman
oh thank you for not breaking every one
of my bone yeah as I completely helpless
Superman supposed to say hi Lex good
evening to you what are you up to you
know I mean I I mean okay here's the
thing here's the thing corny Christopher
Reeve Superman cannot exist in 2016 we
know that right but this movie I don't
know I'm like
they're trying to do a thing where where
they say what if Superman really existed
in modern day there would be people
going he's a he's a he's a monster he's
here to destroy us there would be
everyone wouldn't be like look it's bad
it's Blaine now that some of everyone
wouldn't be like that there would be
people on CNN arguing back and forth
about this and then there'd be another
but we don't need that we live that
every day over every movies are about
escapism yeah and we don't need to see
most miserable people on CNN and yeah
complaining about politics and in a
Superman movie especially yeah superhero
movies especially like this movies
constantly like I'm the news they're
time I like terrorism terrorists they're
seen buildings getting blown up and it's
just like I didn't I don't want to watch
a Superman movie
yeah that's reminding me of how
miserable real life is two days ago the
fucking Brussels Airport explode I was
thinking of that during this movie yeah
they show pictures of Wonder Woman in
Belgium yeah it's like as terrorists
stares terrorism explosions and violence
and everyone hates each other and and
there's a partner Amy Adams is in the
desert in the beginning underdoing
trying to interview a terrorist or some
kind of terrorist general general
something something and you know and
then the photographer with or is a
secret CIA operative in that bit Richard
and then they're like when it blows
brains out and I noticed you want your
Oh because you expected you to yeah we
come down yes and that's where Saul damn
consider this mercy
how can you not watch this movie and not
root for Lex Luthor Lex Luthor's like
yeah we need to have like a back-up plan
for this insane alien who can destroy
continents and I'm like yeah yeah let's
Luthor was the same esteem in this movie
you know the worst part about that is to
the hypocrisy when when Superman is
Clark Kent is driving Batman for his
methods you do the same shit you're not
I really liked the depressing montage of
Superman saving people in the drugs war
yeah there's like a rocket that's going
up and explodes and then you and it's
all done in like slow-motion you see
something in the trailer like he's
bringing down a that was an exciting
moment yeah like it looked like these
are the moments that should be exciting
action sequences and they're portrayed
is like a burden for Superman and
they're executing a way where it's like
depressing to look at yeah you don't
know this world a thing you never did
do you know the oldest lie in America
senator Devil's don't come from Hell
beneath us
they come from the sky
Superman's motivation wasn't set up and
Lex Luthor's motivation wasn't set up
and that's like there's three characters
in the movie and half to two-thirds of
that don't work yeah Bruce Wayne
Batman's motivations very well set up in
the beginning I'd like that action
sequence that it opened on the the
retcon of Man of Steel yeah which is
funny cuz I don't like like dumb people
will say though was their intention all
along but it's so clearly a response to
the negative criticism that Man of Steel
got or it's like okay now we're seeing
all this destruction from the end of Man
of Steel from Bruce Wayne's point of
view and it's horrible and that's his
entire motivation for hating Superman
like got it
but then the end of this movie is just
the same level of destruction
I must disagree Jay they clearly said
they landed on Rikers Island and it's
uninhabited oh yeah they think they made
a point of showing that there's no
extras anywhere in the movie but it's
still the same amount of destruction
even even later on though when they have
to lure doomsday back into the city
there's a contrived reason to get him
back into the city so they can blow up
more buildings Batman has a line there's
nobody in this area yeah he looks right
at the camera hey George number one
Alfred to control of the batplane and I
thought oh my god now Alfred's gonna
start murdering people just enough oh
right handsome vampire
Oh God Alfred's gonna kill that seam
where it comes in the warehouse and
beats everyone offers everybody yeah it
does I think was half early that they
probably died later of their injuries in
the hospital he shot he shot the one
guy's flame through her backpack oh yeah
and then it exploded in a fireball then
the same room that Martha Kent was in
Superman's Superman's elderly mother
well Batman jumped on top of her and
protected her with a fireproof okay but
but the one guy I think he stabs the one
guy in his shoulder to get back at him
cuz he got stabbed in the shoulder but
it looks like he just stabs him right in
the heart
and then and then after Martha Kent
witnesses you know two guys died in a
fire explosion she she was she mentions
that how I know you're Superman's friend
because of the Cape hahahaha I'm not
traumatized that I oh that was horribly
out of place but it was also like oh I
remember humour someone moment of levity
in the entire movie and it's at the most
inappropriate time she would you I
thought she was you the the I thought
she was with you part was with semi
humorous but there was like like
pulsating techno music over you I just
realized that doomsday was a walking
discotheque everywhere he went like
dancing electric we're shooting around
you
well the movie is called Batman vs
Superman people are there to see Batman
fight Superman and it's it's one percent
of the entire movie the first hour and a
half hour 45 minutes is establishing why
Batman hates Superman that's the opening
scenes of the movie hate Superman is
going to fight Superman he fights them
for five minutes and then they
immediately turn to being best friends
when Batman realizes that both of their
moms are named Martha it makes some
sense because Batman definitely has
parental issues if you're gonna if
you're gonna get to Batman's heart
you're gonna move him that is how you
would do it is that all I would take the
whole movie is set up as like Batman
wants to beat the shit out of Superman
he thinks he's a threat he thinks he's a
problem to the world that's the entire
thing it's the whole first half of the
movie
I got Martha your elderly mother
so go beat up Batman well back rip his
hat off and bring it back what Superman
wouldn't do but I don't know why not in
in all in all fairness he does fly over
there with the intention of talking to
Batman first to get him to help him
fight lex luthor get his mom back
Superman or Batman has has a glow
bullets that shoot out crystal Methos oh
what kryptonite kryptonite and then it
like momentarily like weakens Superman
and then he's got him down and he's
punch him in the face like Spock and
then he goes I'm just trying to save
Martha oh my gosh I'm Martha but where
did you say that aim why did you show
that and then amy adams runs in' okay
Lois Lane and says Martha's is mommy's
name this is what happened then Bruce
Wayne goes oh and then he backs off but
really you should go fuck her that's a
weird coincidence exactly speaking of
that he's got a a staff that's fueled by
kryptonite it's like a caveman spear
it's a spear with kryptonite in it
that's what he's going to use to kill
Superman and then he realizes that
they both have moms named Martha and so
now they're best buddies they don't love
their mommies yes they both of them so
he throws down the spear yeah and then
they start fighting the cave troll from
Lord of the Rings yes yes and Lois Lane
for no reason takes the staff the
Kryptonite staff and she throws it in
some water and then Batman says in an
unrelated scene in a completely
different area
I need that staff back yes and then they
cut to Lois Lane and she goes back to
get the staff that she just threw in the
water she just knows that they need the
staff back yes so she has to immediately
go back and get the staff that she just
threw in the water that she doesn't know
they need yes Lois Lane is a crafty lady
yes and she probably assumed that the
monster was a Kryptonian monster she
would just assume that she probably
assumed that Lex Luthor got inside the
Kryptonian ship you know found some
alien goo in the body of Zod and cut his
own blood and mixed his DNA with Zod's
DNA somehow to create a giant monster
it's a safe assumption yes why did he
want to build a giant monster
why did he want them to fight they
wanted to kill Superman but the question
is why did he want to kill Superman and
we really don't know did he think that
Batman would really be able to kill
Superman yes cuz even he's been
manipulating Batman for the last two
years sending the checks with the things
oh yeah but Batman didn't even see them
know until the last minute yes when he
realized he was being manipulated yes
look it's a fucking mess
rip is a fucking mess why didn't Lex
Luthor like like let Batman have the
Kryptonite them because they need an
action scene with a Batmobile murdered
ten people like an action scene that
where it was a setup
and then they needed an off-screen
action scene where Batman probably
murdered 20 people yeah that's the worst
scene about that the worst thing about
that scene is that it's there's no point
to Batman murder aside Lex Luthor wanted
Batman to beat Superman but he was also
trying to make a weapon to beat Superman
yes he really didn't want them to fight
for no
and at all or did he know if you
wouldn't like you I don't think you've
ever known a woman like me when the
early stuff with Wonder Woman's kind of
need if you're just gonna hint at Wonder
Woman in the future sure but when she
shows up with the sword to hack at the
disco monster and the rock music's
playing rock everywhere so out of place
in this film yeah yeah I was watching
those scenes and I was like this could
be fun in another movie do did you like
the scene when when Wonder Woman looked
on a laptop I know I'm the different
like superheroes from the Superfriends
or whatever yeah Richie knows Lee you
know about comics obviously this movie
is setting up the Justice League in this
movie Lex Luthor is apparently
responsible for assembling all these
characters and even giving them each
individual logos oh he using the logos
which is Nate I don't think is that neat
I don't think well no but I don't think
he was trying to assemble them I just
keeping yeah I just keeping tabs
the and then Batman finds this and he's
like he sends it in an instant message
on AOL - very cute yeah - wrong - Wonder
Woman's laptop I don't know how he has
her he has her instant messenger address
why isn't Lex Luthor's computer that he
hacked somewhere yeah yeah he's like
whoa check out this so wait Lex Luthor
was keeping tabs on other superheroes
because he wanted to destroy them -
because he wanted to be the most
powerful I don't know they're doing it
backwards Marvel started really slow
iron man who at the time nobody give a
fuck about Iron Man Iron Man movie Thor
he gives you fun about Thor Captain
America I care about that and they built
up to the Avengers that was done the
road that was years ahead in the plan
they're starting off with the Justice
League this is basically the Justice
League movie about see isn't that
outside yeah Wonder Woman shows up and
it's a half it's half the Justice League
chair and now we're supposed to care
about like the smaller ones it's like I
don't think it's smaller ones though
it's it's they started big
going to get bigger roads I know the
next film there will they're
backtracking and there's making a Ben
Affleck solo Batman movie which which I
actually my ID rather than this yeah
what's worse is they're making a Wonder
Woman movie and I couldn't understand
what that was saying she is a terrible
actress well for me with Wonder Woman I
feel like I have been given such a huge
opportunity to show the strong beautiful
side of women finally
thank you that was like when I went up
an athlete goes on Saturday Night Live
and tries to act mmm just terrible I
don't want to watch a feature with her
and then then they're making an Aquaman
movie which was laughable well when he
comes he comes out of it Halloween and
he's like wow like the Trident and and
I'm like is this a joke
they reminded me have the the the video
footage of the lion in the happening oh
yeah when the guy feeds his own arms to
the law I was laughing out loud yeah I
also take I am NOT I have zero interest
and I'm sure 90% of the world does too
of seeing an Aquaman movie yeah a solo
movie but if you want to make a Justice
League movie that's fine but that's a
dead end right there Justice League done
outside of Batman and Superman DC is
just full of really lame characters
that's true you sound like you have a
Marvel bias the only reason you dislike
this movie is because your bias towards
Marvel it has nothing to do with the
fact that they're doing things
intelligently and correctly and taking
their time it's just that you you you
have a bias against these DC movies and
that Marvel movies are fun yeah what's
fun in their superhero movies sufferage
brought the war to us consider this
mercy
do you played Joe well hey down
I wanted it you'd be dead already
support our movies are just angry people
yell and kill and punch each other each
other they just knock over buildings
they don't get that's a superhero when I
see a superhero movie I want to come out
of the theater crying well I have good
news for you maybe like spider-man in
this movie bombs enough they'll be
desperate enough just let Marvel to it
to know the right of Superman to Marvel
you guys like you know your new let's do
it and you know what Marvel would
probably set up a fantastic Marvel vs.
DC film sure yeah yeah they just give up
all their rights this is ten billion
dollars here are two guys fucking
terrible character we tried we put all
our faith in Zack Snyder I don't know
why maybe you can do it better so I
think with with with Batman V Superman
you're gonna get a movie that that
certainly lives in a real world but
certainly has AI I believe has much more
um sort of cinematic markers it would be
like like Zack Snyder would direct half
the film it would like they would like
go to one side of the room and it would
be like all dark and violent the other
side the exact side of the city
everyone's going to get murdered
here comes n man Batman do you bleed
tiny blood I want to see Zack Snyder's
ant-man Oh God
but Bam Bam would definitely uses ants
to murder people Elmo Zack Snyder
absolutely yeah
we've always imagined God is big but
your God is small dialogue
makes no sense that's we were talking
before about DC or whoever's in charge
of these movies how they were saying
they were concerned that this movie
Batman vs Superman would be too smart
for audiences after seeing the movie
that's such a fucking joke you know
wealth and power and the way power and
gender
fear and there were a lot of really
ideas that were a little bit too smart
for me to understand but that the movie
was trafficking in and that I thought
made it feel real to me and and smart
and so I was even more proud to be part
of it
wait didn't Lex Luthor put a bomb in a
wheelchair at this movie or was that a
different movie that was this me any
blew up Congress yeah yes okay I love
Holly Hunter didn't you yeah in order to
blame Superman for it but it didn't work
at all no no no it's another pointless
scene in a series of pointless scene
five minutes later I was expecting like
did Superman run the Capitol down
Madonna we hate you Superman so five
minutes later it was like well it was
the bomb of the wheelchair and Superman
is cleared of all charges
so her focus group said people didn't
like all that that collateral damage I
mean I kind of appreciate their attempts
to have all that pointless destruction
in the Man of Steel movie have a purpose
in this movie but it still is still just
mindless destruction at the end of this
movie maybe there's no innocent
civilians being killed but it's still
the same shit this is flames everywhere
and it's the dullest fucking fight yeah
it's just light and it's it's so and we
saw the movie in the worst conditions
possible we saw it in 3d near the front
row off to the side so everything's
fucked and and it's just like shaky-cam
and like people flying everywhere
getting thrown across the ground and the
cameras following amal are eating this
it's a blurry mess and it's a fight I
mean there's consequences in the sense
that like well they don't stop the
monster it'll destroy more of the city
but there's no like inner you know
Tuesdays accomplished Tuesday is such a
compelling character yeah it's just a
giant monster that they have to stop and
that's the entire ending of the movie
why wasn't it like I know doomsday is a
thing but in the logic of the movie like
why wasn't it like a resurrected Zod
that would have been neat I guess that
arc that storyline has already been done
but like like a vengeful Zod like you
killed me yeah super mad where there
would be some sort of connection between
the villain and Superman ow I will power
to you I'm going to eat people then he
picks up a bus filled with children and
just going like this haha you leave
those children alone Zod
oh wait that's Superman Sealy this
shelter hello Superman
Superman's about to hurl the bus at Zod
filled with children I wasn't sure who
to root for in this film Lex Luthor Lex
Luthor yeah as crazy as he was maybe
maybe laurence fishburne i was really
concerned like that's a good article
there's gonna be a great story
oh yeah monsters and fighting what's
next what's on tomorrow's edition
Clark Kent don't you write that story
about that compelling vigilante in
Gotham you cover the local high school
basketball team like I told you to I
know you've got a scoop on a very
exciting and interesting case but we
need to know of the South Central High
generals can take home the original sub
championship this year
or to us you know you can't win this
it's suicide
that had nothing to do with the Doomsday
fight Batman's the the most interesting
superhero in a way because he's the most
human he actually had nothing to do he
shot doomsday with one more canister of
the kryptonite dust and dooms they were
and it distracted him for a second while
Wonder Woman was holding with the rope
so both of them work together to slow
down the monster just enough for
Superman flying with them they were they
worked as a fucking team rich that was
the point of the movie and the copper
the copper sure go if you work as a team
Zack Snyder directs the next one he's
really going to wank off of the Jesus
stuff when Superman gets resurrected
it's going to take place three days
later do you think they'll follow the
comic book version of the death of
Superman no because that was really
interesting he comes fight night so rich
Evans our man lightning-fast VCR repair
employee trainee would you recommend
this movie I would recommend watching
like an edit of all of the Batman stuff
okay that's fine so I recommend watching
the film and leaving immediately after
that scene although the fight you got to
sit through like in two hours before you
get to that someone's out there figure
out exactly when the fight starts and
when it ends buy your ticket watch that
part and leave even though schlock and
super and Batman beat Superman with the
toilet
I loved it Batman had two big armor on
and I did like the glowing eyes visually
it was fine well how could Superman
fight Batman or vice versa by punching
him really hard and the fights over yeah
no no no but Batman had some tricks up
his sleeve Oh like when he had him on a
rope and was swinging around and
smacking him into the fucking walls that
reminded me of Freddy vs. Jason remember
that oh yeah Freddy has a dream power I
had really had flashbacks of that but no
no no he weakened Superman with
kryptonite dust and then beats shit on
him that's awesome why didn't he just
make like a gun full of kryptonite
bullets he only had so much rich it was
a very rare commodity that was found in
the Indian Ocean
use the shit you made that spear out of
and you make the crip that eyed bullets
kryptonite brass knuckles and then
there's no limit to how often you can
punch Superman in the face you know the
way you know the dust wears off but
brass knuckles last forever you know the
comics is a kryptonite eight there's an
ape that shoots out kryptonite beams
from his eyes
okay because apparently at some point in
DC's history there was an issue of a
comic with an ape on the cover that sold
unusually well for no good reason and
there was a mandate that they had to
have more Apes this is a fact I really
want to see that memo
this movie could have used more Apes I
could have used more baboons driving
things oh yeah yeah
firing kryptonite dust that's Superman
JD would you recommend this no not at
all I thought this movie was miserable
the first hour and a half was boring the
second hour the first half I was like
the scenes are so like disconnected from
each other that I was like in like I
just wanted to yell get on with it and
then the second half of the movie I just
wanted to keep yelling ends if you could
rewrite the script Abed give Lex Luthor
motivation give him a reason to oh Jesus
Christ we need another hour
you know I know and fix Superman where
he's not like a hypocrite monster where
he is a contrast Batman you could make
this work you could make this movie work
with a completely different story yes
absolutely change story you could make
it work yeah but if Superman is is is
Christopher Reeve Superman Batman
wouldn't violently hate him so much yeah
so you're fucked either way I'm sorry I
Brady the most talented screenwriter in
the world could possibly write some kind
of story out of this either way it's
it's just a mess it's a big mess they
didn't need Wonder Woman in there they
didn't need any component of this hmm
other than the the freak show of Batman
fighting Superman which got everyone
into the circus tent this way to the
egress
it's such a shame it's such a shame I
mean this is this is the this is that
you know the big chance you know
Superman versus versus Batman and and as
a huge huge fan of the Batman comic
books it's like they can't they were
they oh shut up you're not a fan of the
comic books everyone says it are fucking
fan of the comic books you probably read
- you know I'm saying Jane shit yep
they're a bunch of frauds a bunch of
frauds but I am a fan of the comics oh
yeah well how about you prove it I have
the unofficial Batman trivia challenge
test your knowledge and prove your real
fan I thought it was a VCR repair manual
but it's not yeah for years all of our
VCRs came out looking like Batman start
the trivia challenge Jay in the comics
what is the Joker's real name when DC
Comics created Arkham Asylum its name
was inspired by what fictional person
place or thing from the works of HP
Lovecraft what does he win if he gets
all these correct nothing
Batman's cowl is equipped with a special
kind of night vision lens what's it
called in Detective Comics number 275 a
strange accident left Batman's costume
with zebra stripes turning him into the
zebra Batman
because being named after one animals
sometimes isn't enough what superpower
did he have during his temporary
transformation a zebra Batman in Batman
Inferno someone is masquerading as the
dark knight who is it I'm not a fraud oh
my god he just took off with mr. Tinkham
oh my god he just took off with mr.
plinkus VCR that's our meal ticket oh
shit we should get up and run after him
before it's too late
what three famous items occupy the
batcaves trophy room and are most often
depicted by comic book artists a giant
penny Joker's playing card a robotic
Tyrannosaurus Rex
that's right get them
