October 21, 2011
What's Your Number and The Black Ninja (2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZuefJb0udw
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/127514572105072640
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/225878257474999
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-whats-your-number-and-the-black-ninja-2-of-2

Half in the bag.
I've been killing it all night, but you guys are awesome.
Thank you so much.
Good night.
oh thank God it's over so glad she's
done with the fucking comedy it's so bad
that's right oh oh that was a stearic
great set really time brilliant really
was thank you huh so I'm done for the
night what do you guys up to
Oh actually we were planning on watching
a film huh
Oh what it's called the black ninja
justice my day and payback by night
let's check it out okay we don't have a
DVD player
lack ninja
oh so that that was black ninja Omar Wow
um Jay you're the one that found the
black ninja DVD yes where did this come
from well I had seen a clip of the
opening sequence on YouTube it was
probably the the most exciting amazing
opening sequence to a movie I've ever
seen
yeah so I said I want to see the rest of
this film I need to see where this goes
where black ninja goes that opening
scene that draws the end yeah really
says this is black ninja
yeah well it's amazing because there's
no introduction to the black ninja
character there's some thugs and they
just runs into frame hey baby nice
criticism guys ah yes
then blows them up well sort of throws
up a building with a grenade
and then it's followed up with an
opening credit sequence that looks like
it was done in Super Mario Paint Oh for
Super Nintendo it's very similar the
animation style what are you trying to
say about this particular I'm trying to
say that it looks like shit this should
be called stock sound effect the movie
the star of black ninja his name is
Clayton Prince Clayton Prince and he was
he's from The Cosby Show quote-unquote
from The Cosby Show
eze ends on to epoch he's on two
episodes but he was also seaweed in
hairspray the movie hairsprayed go to
second go to second John Waters yeah
I've seen hairspray but I don't remember
the character named seaweed he's the the
black boyfriend character really did you
just say black doesn't make you
comfortable to be sitting so close to a
racist anyways the film was made by
black filmmaker Clayton Prince I don't
know if I'm doing something good bad
right or wrong
he's not a bad actor but uh what I could
with certainty is that is a bad writer
director well that that's the thing
right off the bat after that amazing
opening sequence in the opening credits
it cuts to the courtroom and there he is
in the frame and the credit reads
written and directed by me and that
shows a a level of our ego tizen
narcissism that is completely
unwarranted for this movie even even the
greats you know Alfred Hitchcock yeah
Steven Spielberg Martin Scorsese they
don't write written and directed by me
oh I think that Clinton princess strong
suit in this film it's really his
writing and singing of the theme song
yes Oh in addition to acting and
directing and writing the movie he also
created the theme song which is luckily
very catchy because you're going to hear
it a million fucking times
ninja si ma another fascinating element
about the black ninja DVD is is that
where we're intrigued by the quality
level of the film at first time I
watched it I was like wow this is a film
that was shot on a hi-8 camcorder
and that they cropped it to appear to be
the film aspect ratio as I and I laughed
at first I said that's funny that's
adorable they're cropping it to look
like a movie and then we started to
notice little imperfections and and
scratches and stuff and we and then oh
then the shocking part came this was
shot on film when we said this was shot
on film get out of here there's lots of
bizarre things in the movie there's some
like digital zoom ins yeah that are real
bad and and it's like oh but it's it's
not even like a different shot from the
previous shot it'll be a wide-angle and
it'll just do a digital zoom to the
exact same shot right were you real
quick this goes in isn't building but
the question is which is up for debate
is was this film just like a rough cut
that wasn't a finished product that
somehow like they said we ran out of
money or whatever the reason was they
said we're done with this movie but we
should try and release it yeah and and
that's this is the best edit we have so
far what do you think like what's your I
don't know because there's parts where
it's like towards the end they're
shooting in that
like basement and there's this horrible
ambient like machinery lock machinery
noises I was the best they have a boom
but you can hear all that noise and it's
like what is the actor saying yeah but
then a couple lines later the line will
be 80-yard but it's only certain lines
or 80-yard so it's like were those lines
even worse and that's what they felt
needed to be improved or did they not
finish ADR in the whole scene there's
there's very clear like hard edits
between soundtracks boom ba-doom to kill
me beast out like salad cuts in for one
of the actors like somewhere Yong Yong
dong dong makuhita yeah curtain Kawasaki
it's almost like the whole film is
edited with with the scratch tracks yeah
from the boom mics when when clearly
they needed to ADR stuff so it's like is
this just like an offline edit that they
exported and burn into a VHS tape we're
gonna show the director and have get
some comments and that's as far as the
process got I asked you this question if
you were to imagine to reimagine black
ninja using this footage what could you
make a good movie out of it no no
primarily because of um everything I
just want to say that my prayers are
with mrs. Rodriguez and there are
Drita's family get a wife and drop dead
what do you know about the director of
photography for this film Jay I've
actually seen other movies DP'd by the
sky Brendan Flint he's done multiple
films for Troma and Lloyd Kaufman oh
well that's the mark of quality so
what's your biggest fear about today
fear I have no fears all right what's
your big yourself for today
uh I'm not that ambitious either poultry
Geist's the film poultry Geist I'm sure
you're familiar with poultry guys
watched it a lot
uh-huh citizen Toxie the toxic avenger
part for so many times um Romeo and
Juliet's the classic Juliet wasn't that
the James gun phone James gun that's it
that's a quality just because of the
cinematography but because of the
writing with James guns okay but but
speaking of the cinematography it's
terrible
it's like like if your eye lit a film no
wait I mean actually it's worse than
that it's much worse than I like it for
Jevons lit a film no sir or my mom
someone who says we just need light on
these people so you take a shop light
and you just point it at them and
there's harsh shadows there's a scene in
the movie that's a big emotional scene
between black ninja and his new lady
friend and they're talking about his
dead family but the entire time on his
shots there's a shadow of her head on
his chin and it's like maybe you should
move the light just two inches away so
that doesn't happen feel like the
lighting was actually really well done
though during the sexy
really bright like a ving sarcastic yes
okay that scene has four different
lighting schemes and four different
color temperatures yes for one sequence
that's supposed to be smooth flowing a
full seems off with them in the room and
there's there's a gigantic light in the
bedroom for some reason it has multiple
patterns and then the next shot is a
reverse or she goes to bed waves and
she's the light is still on the bright
light right and she's asleep in bed and
then it cuts to a reverse the color
temperature is entirely different it's
like orange yeah obviously shot at a
different time then the black ninja
comes in and fights them and throws the
guys out the window they shot that in
daytime and then they shot when Fat Tony
comes in and finds them it's at
nighttime what's gonna happen up there
which makes me wonder if this was not a
complete cut or not a complete finished
film those you would have color
corrected everything unless you didn't
know you're supposed to do that yeah
that's the thing is you question the
level of competence of the people
involved well because even at that base
level like when you're shooting you you
would not look at that lighting and say
this is acceptable yes but but in the
post-production process when you watch
the two edits back-to-back cut from the
bed to the reverse of the bed and one is
clearly you know white toned colors and
then the other is clearly orange Frank
anyone who has a brain would say that
shot looks different even the audience
so a filmmaker or an editor we go
maybe I should tweak that color however
if you're Clayton Prince and you have
written and directed a film by me listen
Clayton Prince was on The Cosby Show
okay
and he is a hip-hop genius yes yes I
would like to bring up the rape in this
movie oh yeah couple of rapes there's
there's multiple rapes in this movie
would you call this film rapey huh I
don't even know what this movie does not
look at my client ken looks like an
idiot donut it's sort of like tries to
implied like a mentioning this about
rape and then this rapist goes on trial
but then um black ninja gets the rapists
back by getting him back in jail and
then he gets ray gets raped but by a
huge you could say portly gentleman
portly gentleman in drag take off your
palm excuse me I said take off your palm
you know man
I don't get down like don't make me say
it again doc keep on raped two women is
terrible but a guy getting raped by a
big fat dude in prison is hysterical
because that the what he's trying to say
do you think it's making fun of
transvestites cuz he was wearing a wig
and he had long fingernails Yeah right
and a bra get up love hit above his
boobs well a blond haired wig and a bra
and Lee press-on nails our standard
prison issue good luck son you mom and I
was raped in prison once and it was fun
really liking at the time or was it sort
of like a later in reflection it was so
slightly later in reflection in black
ninja there's some there's always a
kung-fu kick or a punch right and they
triple it they loop the footage three
times oh but it's not all the time it
would make kind of sort of make sense if
it was every time black ninja did
something awesome but it doesn't towards
the end when the red ninja is beating
the shit out of black ninja
who would ever make that decision
Clayton Prince yeah who would be so
stupid clearance anyone Oh me directed
by me oh oh uh we don't want your air
the extras in this film are amazing as
is the direction of the extras in the
phone yes Kylie yes the the most amazing
extra is the guy in the background in
the police station who is typing on a
computer that's not it's not on
there's also during the but yeah the the
pull the police scene where they're
questioning the woman where the
background extra is dusting for prints
but just in one tiny corner of a table
while holding a walkie-talkie that he's
not really actually speaking in so he's
just holding it he occasionally mouths
words though that's me I couldn't tell
my mom earlier
yeah well look like I'm thinking about
using it but I'm not going to yeah but
there was also the one lady the the
african-american lady with the hat in
case I didn't need yet to him huh
Olli Fat Tony comes up to Clayton Prince
remember after you yeah when's his trial
and he insults him and then he's
insulting him and the ladies just
ignoring everything literally two feet
away from the mobster that was on trial
give my best to dr. Ellen when you see
her again like her job was she was told
to like pay attention at disappointed at
the verdict of the trial that was her
instruction as Astra and so she goes but
really like he's right here
and he's and he's me insulting and
threatening the person right next to you
you would have some sort of reaction
that not just the fact that someone's
insulting and threatening but it happens
to be the guy that was on trial that
you're there watching
so Clayton Prince of course plays the
black ninja and he also plays a defense
attorney by day he gets off bad
criminals and in one of his previous
cases he did the trial for a
stereotypical Asian stereotype yeah who
was a ninja who wore a kung fu outfit to
to trial yeah um it was like a sparring
outfit instead of advising his client to
wear a suit he decided it would be okay
to wear come fool outfit
buddy got it yeah but Clayton Prince's
character um somehow tapped into his
clients bank account records and
discovered he had $100,000 in an
offshore bank account that's into his
bank account on my computer I found out
he had $100,000 in a foreign account so
I decided to get greedy I charged him
just that amount to defend him and then
the client agreed to pay him $100,000
but then when and killed his whole
family because he was mad about how much
he charged him yes he very carefully
wrote was it worth $100,000 in his son's
blood on a mirror in the house like very
carefully very precisely but there was
no evidence to convict him of the crime
of killing his family because he used
the ancient Japanese execution method of
Shoshone dough ball and it was him
because the slow and painful way that he
killed my family she died when I want
her to die
it's that understood I I'm going to cute
Jesse Allen is yeah don't baby he has to
steal a diamond in order to save the
girl from the red ninja and he uses a
very sweet and awesome spy kit of baby
powder and dennis mirror to get the the
priceless diamond from a plastic box
yeah it has fingerprints finger it's
already dirty and it doesn't have any
sort of lock on it it's just got two
security guards looking directly over it
it should be noted though that black
ninja does access pornography that the
other security guards watch by opening
up the the the breaker box Oh check this
up how the hell did that get on here
somehow that creates porn on their third
monitor I think it was supposed to be a
like a cable TV box sure they even
though no such thing exists yeah I mean
it works for black ninja
Oh before he steals the diamond he jumps
on the roof of the car oh yes I don't
think he's on the show yeah I could have
shot you they apparently digitally
shizzle the car jostle the car the
reason I pointed out is that it's it's
it's a completely flawless effect yes
yes that really gives the impression
that someone landed on the roof of the
car yeah which is weird cuz I was
surprised when he was on the roof of the
car so well the greatest thing is that
he does it again and and the guy says I
hate when he does that he's done it one
other time but he really hates it he
hates it where is he tell me now or I
will break your face can we talk about
the mob boss yes let's talk about the
mob boss yes and how they owning Fat
Tony and now you see him multiple times
laying on a massage table there's just a
folding table with a sheet over it
because it looks horribly uncomfortable
there's no padding yeah and two horribly
unattractive women massaging him
indicating because in bikinis because
that's what happens to my bosses that's
all they do don't forget that you can
have the same massage several days later
with the same girls in the exact same
bikinis but they switch positions yes
yes yes yeah have you and your boys do
that thing for me tonight when she gets
out of work
I just means I got two people to whack
before next week instead of one that's
that level of realism that I expect from
black ninja which was a movie that was
written by a seventh grader
there was actually a competition oh it
was it was it was the junior high write
a screenplay competition and that's who
who won this how would you imagine that
went that pitch that 7kr talking about
the plot of the movie how do you think
he would describe like ninja yo I'm
gonna write a movie and it's gonna be by
me the movies are proud of black ninja
and he's a good guy at the daytime but
when night comes he stops women from
getting their purses robbed and then
there's another ninja that's a red ninja
yeah he doesn't like
the red ninja murdered his family oh
then he charged him $100,000 cuz he
found out that's how much he had in his
bank account he hacked in to his bank
account with his computer technology
from a secret laboratory in his basement
which is two giant computer monitors and
a keyboard and a picture of his dead
wife and a giant spotlight on him
against black brick you are speaking of
can I bring up the ghost his dead wife
yes uh peers after we think the heroine
has had her throat slit and says you can
do this I believe in you
please doing me and uh her delivery is
terrible well she is dead
I mean you sort of lousier your acting
ability once you're dead Wow so yeah
black ninja is not the most hysterical
bad movie ever
it's funny in parts but it's more
fascinating and as far as how it can get
every single possible element to
filmmaking wrong to the point where you
question the people that made it and how
did they not understand this I I agree
so hard no it it comes off like the
level of filmmaking that like an amateur
high school student would have yeah
because there's that scene where where
Fat Tony
the criminal or the the BOP boss he
shoots a guy right in front of them
right it's just a one shot and they
don't change the camera positions
there's no like buildup of tension
there's no he shoots him and then and
then it almost looks like an improvised
scene and then you see cars driving in
the background and people walking and
it's like obviously not a closed set you
pulling where I live Oh
oh I think that this movie for me leaves
me with the question what in the way at
what's your number
leaves Mike with a question what but I
enjoy a good old fashioned crime story
and a film where I know how it's going
to end
yeah fair enough I named that I didn't
know how this movie was gonna end
because I didn't know what was going on
ever that's fair
what are they saying what's happening
what so it's like a very like a
provocative film because it you ask more
questions than our answer yeah like yeah
like a good well-made documentary yeah
or like a David Lynch film would black
ninja be a good David the sky I'll be
the light making problem blow what like
dynamite
I'm trying to think of a good situation
in which one would walk black ninja
I think maybe if you were throwing like
a ninja party or perhaps a pimps and
hoes party
what about being stranded it at like an
airport where your flights delayed for
like 16 hours yeah and you have
absolutely nothing to do would you watch
black no no no maybe like if the
departure screen is more entertaining
yeah and has a better plot the best time
to watch black an interest is to get in
the mood oh oh yeah the mood - coitus
you mean sex have you guys ever had sex
I've heard of it the word sounds
familiar
okay let's just say my number is
negative one and you didn't have to tell
me I already knew
well as far as my recommendation of
white ninja I would recommend it it is
not a movie that's so bad it's funny all
the time
no it's almost so bad it's bad but I
would definitely recommend it to two
filmmakers to see a disaster happen
before their eyes in every aspect of
filmmaking from from writing to to sound
editing to lighting especially lighting
yes um the lighting in this film is is
atrocious
it's it's a giant shop light lasted at
the actors from one direction and it's
amazingly bad yes yes you and I are not
good at lighting things know much better
than that what anyone is better than us
well well filmmaking is a series of
choices every aspect of it is like like
how am I gonna light the scene how are
we gonna you know how are we gonna shoot
it I was it gonna be edited does this
work and and this movie gets every
single one of those questions wrong in a
really fascinating way if you're looking
to watch a film that's funny bad and
educationally bad yes yes you should you
should pick up a copy of Blackwing Joe
and Clayton call us call us we'll put
you on the show we wanted we have some
questions about the final version of
this film
I'm very curious
just get a wife and drop dead well that
certainly was the worst film about a
black ninja I've ever seen I don't know
how do you feel about troop Beverly
Hills oh yeah I love how do you shut up
you get out why I'm closing down the
comedy club you're out of a job
sweetheart well back to the left bucket
I'm sorry but this is really good news
for us cuz now we can get back to work
on the VCR not so fast you see the
comedy clubs been bought out by an Ikea
