Sep 28, 2011
Drive and Contagion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmH_js9D3rs
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/119131038621503488
redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-drive-and-contagion-2

Half in the bag.
I would buy that for a dollar.
Hey, assholes.
Welcome to another episode of half in the bag.
I'm Jay.
And I'm Mike.
And this week we saw two recent
releases that are now in theaters drive
and contagion your mother the Heisenberg
flu is out overlooking his desk after
weaponize the perks you never go near
his family again Jude Drive is a new
crime thriller by a Danish filmmaker
named this the movie stars Ryan Gosling
and an actress and it also stars Albert
Brooks and Ron Perlman who is without a
comedy beard in this film if I Drive for
you you give me a time into place I give
you a five-minute window anything
happens in that five minutes and I'm
yours no matter what I don't sit in
while you're running it down I'll carry
a gun I Drive and contagion is Steven
Soderbergh's twenty-third feature this
year and it's the story of multiple
characters across the planet dealing
with a worldwide disease that's killing
millions and millions of people
thankfully the first one of those being
Gwyneth Paltrow mmm yes
on day one there were two people and
then four and then 60 in three months
it's a billion pets where we're headed
so we're gonna try something a little
different this week and that we're going
to talk about both of these movies kind
of at the same time or bouncing back and
forth between the two because they're
very similar in a certain aspect which
is that if you were to describe the
movies to somebody as far as the plot
goes they both sound like really generic
conventional Hollywood movies but
they're both executed in a very
different style than that mmm
Drive specifically Drive especially what
did you think of drive oh I loved drive
probably one of the better movies I've
seen this year mm-hmm but you're right
about the subject matter the story is
very simple and Ryan Gosling on the
cover he's like you know and all I think
of is like Paul Walker in the Fast and
the Furious and and people thinking it's
that kind of movie I was expecting
having seen that something like that
like he's got it he's got a drive at the
end to save the day he's got to use all
the skills as a driver but but he
doesn't he drives in the beginning and
then ever again in the film one other
time with the music like the the synths
chord sort of evokes the feeling of like
an 80s movie but as far as like pacing
and tone goes it's like a 70s movie like
I love like you know movies like taxi
driver movies that really take their
time
I'm glad we're talking about both movies
at once because contagion is very
similar in in the way like people hear
about this movie and say there's this
virus movie yeah the virus takes over
the world so naturally expect all these
things to happen well contagion is
another one that that may horribly bored
people that go in expecting an action
thriller disease movie end of the world
movie well when we saw drive there's one
other person in the theater yes and when
we saw contagion there was maybe seven
other people in the theater and then
once the movie ended what did the person
in the row couple rows ahead of us the
guy right up front just stood up and
yelled I'm assuming he's trying to make
a point to everyone in the theatre it
goes weak-ass movie and he has kid there
- oh we cast movie me and my kid wanted
to see Matt Damon running from things
visitors
but yeah drive is it's yeah it's a very
different kind of movie if you're into
mainstream action faster furious kind of
movies it's not that at all yeah it's
it's very very low-key
it's very slow-moving and it makes great
use of visuals and sound and if you
explain it to someone they probably roll
their eyes the the tagline might you
know read something like a Hollywood
stunt car driver gets caught up in an
underworld of crime and has to drive and
buy the leather if you put the movie in
the hands of another director the
choices that they would make in terms of
shots composition pacing sound design
all those elements would be totally
different I was thinking about that
throughout the movie like all the action
the action scenes in this yeah are quick
and brutal and over with there's a chase
scene at one point that would be fifteen
minutes long in a more sort of
conventional Hollywood movie yeah here
there's a long stretch before that
happens where the movies very quiet very
slow-paced and then that happens and
because of that build-up because of the
slower pace it has more of an impact
there is one scene in the movie that's a
really good example of if if the movie
was handled by a different director
basically the scene is um Ryan Gosling
goes into a strip club to find this this
mob guy you know a bit breaks his hand
with a hammer he puts a bullet right on
his head and his threatening to hit the
back of the bullet and kill him do you
remember this yeah it's very simple he
Ryan Gosling doesn't say a lot but the
most interesting part was like all the
strippers are in there and they're all
like completely naked and they're just
like it's like they know the business
there and they know the guy and who he
works for and what he's involved in and
they might have seen stuff like this
before and I think that was kind of the
overall theme of the movie was violence
but in another movie all those girls
would have gotten up and started
screaming and running out of the room
and the camera would have been like this
yeah tell me what I want to know there
have been some some badass music on the
soundtrack and well they would have
showed him well one thing was they
didn't show the strip club at all
No he comes in this back hallway they
would have had like like five four six
different shots with this like techno
music playing and the girl on the pole
and people watching him throwing money
at him yeah kind of like a badass like
but the shots like this flat shot and he
just comes into the frame and there's a
girl texting and and you know right away
where he's at right like you don't need
to see all that you know he's like okay
he's he's at a strip club it's not
trying to glamorize anything as far as
that or as far as the violence I mean
the violence is brutal the it takes its
toll on people like not just physically
of course but even like psychologically
emotionally that's the direction yeah
that's the choices the director made and
not necessarily the screenwriter perhaps
possibly but if it was another movie you
have this basic story the way it's shot
the way they choose to introduce the
scene and all that doing it differently
completely changed your audience
response and I found that to be
interesting
the whole movie has sort of like the the
feel like a dream it's sort of ethereal
and parts of my like comedic part of my
brain comes in like when there he's like
meet me at the you know the Great Wall
restaurants do you know where it is yeah
you know then they cut and they have the
slow shot and I was like yeah I'll
google it you know I I think I think of
like where it's like reality starts to
seep it yeah well now that those moments
are happening that's just when I
realized the movies sort of outside of
reality yeah if you're having this there
like there have this very very dark
confrontational scene but it's in a
Chinese restaurant so I picture you want
more Pepsi like someone coming out - no
thanks this is a bad time but the movie
kind of you kind of that stuff fades
away after a while yeah get into it
yeah a great movie yes absolutely
probably my favorite movie I've seen all
year even though I have a feeling a lot
of people will hate it cuz it's boring
dude I want you to meet mr. Bernie Rose
my hands are a little dirty so am i but
let's talk about our other film called
contagion yeah this is a movie and I I
liked this movie I didn't love it but I
liked it but it has a very sort of like
cold distanced feel to the material it's
very sort of like clinical in the way it
shows these events happening yeah which
is a different take on you know this
type of movie I like Steven Soderbergh
in fact I just recently watched the
girlfriend experience one of his weirdo
little movies oh it was a weirdo little
movie as real-life porno actress sasha
grey and it is who is an acceptable
actress in in the role the the
performances in the Steven Soderbergh
movies are is very natural yeah there's
so there's a lot of people kind of just
sounds like a regular conversation
people stepping on each other's lines
and yeah but that movie was very very um
interestingly shot very different he
likes to experiments yeah yeah it's
really like a sad movie it's very
slow-moving lots of really long takes
but really good performances and while
I'm watching contagion and I'm like what
is the point
disease and disease control and all that
stuff
movies about that or the subject matter
doesn't really bother me doesn't really
interest me
see I feel bad saying all this because
this is the kind of movie I love sure I
think it's just it's just the subject
matter doesn't movie about aliens
invading Earth in a very methodical cold
way I probably would have really liked
it yeah or it doesn't have Will Smith
going let's go kick each easy if it's
just very very realistic but you have a
fear of infestation and bugs I have a
horrible horrible fear and disgust of
the human body and of disease and of
getting sick I'm kind of a necrophiliac
like that oh so when I was I was
actually kind of dreaded watching this
movie it was very nervous because I
thought I'd have like a nervous
breakdown in the theatre and I didn't
because there is that detachment it's
not a very emotional movie and that's
sort of the point of it which is an
interesting angle to take but that's
also what kept me from getting sort of
invested in anything that was happening
but but that's why we're talking about
both these movies was because contagion
have you seen contagion Oh what is it
it's a big virus movie virus spreads all
over the world and and then you
immediately just think Hollywood like
helicopters army men explosions Matt
Damon running someone you know a group
of survivors trying to make it out of
the city before the virus gets some
people entire cities being wiped out by
we've got to nuke Los Angeles to get a
virus and like shit like that and then
you watching it's it's Laurence
Fishburne at a podium but yeah you feel
bad saying I feel bad saying that
because of the director and the way it
was made was made very very well no it's
very very well acted I just didn't see
the point or the point didn't interest
me
agar you know if it was a very
methodical very specific movie about how
strip clubs work I would have enjoyed it
Kitty has to go spit on the pole now
let's watch that sandy has to go in the
VIP booth oh you know you know sandy I
do I do
okay um but but Laurence Fishburne at a
podium not so hot
well speak for yourself they're calling
out the National Guard they're moving
the president underground people will
panic yeah why it will tip over the
truth is being kept from the world cook
your samples destroy everything
I appreciate dumb action booties I do
sometimes I appreciate very very slow
moving movies where you're just like
bogged down in the minutia of what's
happening and you're just like wow you
know and all things in between but the
average theater goer too much shell
popcorn in their face and watch an
action movie with Matt Damon in it it
will not like this and you can't
recommend it same with dry right they're
both very slow-moving movies and they're
both very opposite of what you would
think yeah especially dry for like I
would want to recommend it all right be
like this movie is really great it's
really good it's really interesting you
will hate it you know you have to say
that's a lot of people I don't think
drive is is that that like slow moving
it takes a what long while to for it to
heat up yeah and movie terms
well it's there's a difference between
slow-moving and boring it's never boring
like you're constantly engaged
throughout the whole movie but a lot of
sort of a general audience expecting a
you know car chase action movie will be
horribly bored well it's it's wonderful
that it's out in theaters now and it
exists so little little gems like that
continually crop up and make me feel
good about the state of movies
we should really get around to trying to
figure out where Plunkett's VCR is soon
you're right this is a problem but first
we should probably get rid of that VCR
oh yeah what why is that there what's
that from remember when I scared away
George Lucas well just throw it in clink
it's garbage
now oh no he'll find it there and then I
wonder why there's a VCR in his garbage
and then he'll notice that his VCR is
missing we've got to get it away from
this place have you ever seen the Lion
King I have not seen the Lion King so I
was trying to figure out why all my
socks keep cracking in half well I
realize it's because I keep jerking off
into him so I joined a gang the other
day working the Crips know I'm a blood
Oh oh shit oh uh oh it's mr. blanket all
right um um how's it going hi mr. Flynn
gets what are you two doing here
uh whoa gee hey oh what a cute little
doggy yes you are a cute little puppy
dog aw good good line Doris leave it yes
it's your treat from somewhere or other
Oh looks like your dog crapped on the
sidewalk well that was unexpected hey
cute dogs
