Nov 20, 2011
Jack and Jill (1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXNsT7-Lwsk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/138458370159026177
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/270150373035533
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-jack-and-jill-1-of-2

Half in the bag.
Why the fuck are you watching this?
We're back!
Somebody there?
Another day, another dollar.
Time to get back to work!
where have you been for four weeks
my VCR I gonna fix
itself well I still can't watch my copy
of Russian Terminator German you're what
we what you're supposed to be here to
fix my VCR I'm paying you $75 an hour
god no books to do what to fix my VCR
you've been doing it for for six months
oh shit yeah yeah we've been working on
that James actually outside getting some
extra parts that we ordered from the
he's getting some extra parts in the car
couldn't do much work without those
parts ah good you brought the parts
those are the parts you're going to fix
my VCR with beer steins
mmm your start what you still things are
vexing the VCR
oh you're gonna have to talk up I can't
hear you when you whisper how about a
toast
sure to Adam Sandler's career may he
continue to make more films Cheers
that's bad luck right yes I hope so in
every family there's one person who
drive you a little crazy
I got a pic Jill up at four in the
morning she comes once a year and she's
leaving on Sunday but during the
holidays jack no fighting this year
there's no escaping it when it's your
sister how are we doing your twin sister
hello and welcome to half in the bag
today we're going to talk about the Adam
Sandler film Jack and Jill we know it's
been out for a while now and you've
probably forgotten about it but here we
are and we're going to talk about it
Jack and Jill is theoretically a comedy
starring Adam Sandler as both Jack and
his obnoxious sister Jill who get into
all sorts of fuck fuck shit whatever
then someone farts how did you memorize
what the the tagline on the poster so
accurately
so we did not want to watch this film at
all a universally rejected and
critically panned film yes yes although
it did get a 4% positive rating on
Rotten Tomatoes mm-hmm that's
interesting because um CNN just released
a recent study it was a scientific study
where they they determined that 4% of
film critics are retarded oh really yeah
that um uh there are special needs
people reviewing films are you coming
Bob huh
no no you're getting fatter and your
hair doesn't realize it needs to cover
more faith okay we almost felt obligated
to see it after that yeah we gonna have
to know it all came at an interesting
time because we had just prior to that
been making fun of the zookeeper yes as
being attic movie and now the zookeeper
looks like fucking Citizen Kane Jack and
Jill looks like a legitimate fake trail
yeah and I think a lot of people were
like this is this a joke because Adam
Sandler's previous film funny people
he's sort of plain an Adam Sandler type
character in that and there are all
these fake trailers for similar types of
movies just lowest common denominator
awful comedies you're the one that has
to wizard to make you young again
I didn't mean this young and this looks
Jack and Joel trailer looks like it
could have been one of those fake
trailers yeah but it was real thought we
should explain though that this review
will be a little bit more in-depth than
your regular just kind of ripping on
Jack and Jill review because after we
watch the film we discovered that it was
much more than just a bad film so now
before you shut this off and go I know
the movies bad I'm not gonna see it
great you will learn some information
about the the the sinister underbelly of
what Adam Sandler is doing and and how
you're all being manipulated by this
epic con man
conman is in quotes so let's talk about
Adam Sandler
I despise Adam Sandler actually you know
what I can't even say that I despise him
because I haven't seen one of his movies
I've seen him on SNL a lot yeah I
haven't really liked most the stuff he's
done on SNL the the weird thing is is
like when you look back at that era Phil
Hartman Chris Farley all those guys I
could always think of like a character
that they do and I'm just drawn to or I
remember fondly um but with Adam Sandler
I really can't well he had he was a poor
man he was canteen boy all his
characters seemed to be something man or
something boy and it almost felt like a
parody of reoccurring characters on sir
Night Live as opposed to trying to be a
recurring character yeah I don't know if
he's clever enough but that was what he
was actually intending to do but that's
how it came across you might be looking
into that a little too high probably put
more thought into it and then Adam
Sandler has in his entire career yeah so
Adam Sandler every time I think of him I
think of someone who's shouting ah what
are you doing I think I saw the first 10
minutes of the movie where he plays a
retarded person mm that's everyone but
my point is I really don't like Adam
Sandler at all I just don't get his
humor style but whenever I talk with
people there's always that that that but
it's like they say I don't like Adam
Sandler I say well his new movies are
bad but the waterboy and Billy Madison
are good everyone goes back to his first
three or four movies yeah everyone says
that every person on the planet goes
Billy Madison is good yeah and I did try
to watch a little bit I just I I liked
Billy Madison a lot I saw it when it
first came out on video so early high
school probably um if I watched it for
the first time today I probably wouldn't
care much for it I don't think I would
hate it like some of his later movies
but there's something sort of creative
and weird going on in that movie um it
was before he got horribly lazy which is
what all of his movies are now
so in true Starkie nitpicking asshole
fashion we've devised to separate lists
before seeing this movie yeah we wanted
to find a way to keep ourselves invested
in the movie in some way or we didn't
just have to sit there and watch it well
Jay has seen a lot of Adam Sandler
comedies yeah knows what they're all
about I have not seen one the only Adam
Sandler film I've seen is punch-drunk
love which of course is not an Advent
not an Adam Sandler movie um and it's
made by a real filmmaker yeah yeah and
my list as the the Adam Sandler expert
between the two of us is comprised more
of what a shameful title I know I know
so my list is comprised more of things
that are reoccurring in his movies not
just from movie to movie but reoccurring
elements in the movies themselves based
on my experience and seen previous films
that he's done so this kept me busy for
most of the movie I would say 80% of the
movie I was I was tallying my results
how many times certain things happened
oh my god and writing down what those
elements were so I have a list here of
about 12 things and I'm going to read
them to you now what I expected to see
from this movie general Horesh product
placements product placement for fast
food or restaurant chain art jokes dick
crotch related humor does not include
genital injury
oh that's very specific genital injury
Oh someone falling down cameos by
Sandler's failed SNL friends okay cameos
by sports figures cameos by non SNL
celebrities / and on sports figures
animal cruelty
jokes at the expense of physical
abnormality or ethnicity those can maybe
be separated into two categories but
it's basically just jokes at the expense
of people that are different mmm so I
just put them together racists and
cripple jokes yes exactly
and then finally scenes of forced
sentimentality to trick the audience
into thinking the movie has a heart so
this this kept me busy keeping track of
these things throughout
I mean I noticed you didn't have a
category for like like sex jokes or dick
jokes or there you know perverted humor
no no yeah Adam Sandler films usually
more cleaner a little bit they're more
just about people falling down and
getting kicked in the dick not not
anything sexual Union so but speaking of
that I was horribly wrong and only one
thing on my list here look at look at
the results for genital injury oh it's a
big fat goose egg Wow I was shocked I
was shocked but he more than made up for
it in every other category sure sure
this was actually more of each elements
than I could have possibly imagined
so like Jay I also made a list but since
I haven't seen an Adam Sandler film
before my list primarily consisted of
scenes that I expected would happen in a
comedy film like this based on the
trailer and based on what I knew about
the premise and kind of general comedy
movie cliches yeah I had 17 I got 6 out
of 17 right for uh for a grade of a plus
y the plus oh it's because I grated my
own paper it should be pointed out that
the things on your list here as far as
like plot points and situations aren't
horribly complex or complicate they're
pretty standard they're very very
standard like like if you're aiming for
mediocre this is the stuff you put in it
yeah and it didn't even rise to that no
no in fact I was shocked at how how
little of things happened in this movie
yes and how how they disregarded lots of
the main characters and no one had any
kind of thing yeah to do yeah
in the film it was kind of shocking but
anyway that's that we'll get into these
in detail during the course of our
review I'm just going to file them in
the garbage
I couldn't lift together things I want
to do before I leave studio tour beach
horseback riding oh my god
I could stay out through Hanukkah so the
first thing I expected was a home movie
footage or some sort of flashback to
them as kids yeah and we were wondering
whether or not they would use an actual
little girl or a little boy in drag and
we both agreed that they wouldn't use a
little boy in drag because it would be
too weird and creepy but they use the
little boy in drag yes but actually
before that the film actually opens with
this kind of documentary style footage
of actual real-life twins cutting from
one twin to the other as they're telling
stories about their twinness their
relationships and growing up and all
that stuff yeah and it just starts yeah
there's no there's no music there's no
credits just happy gilmore the the logo
and then it's and then this goes on for
like five minutes and I'm like oh I
didn't expect that yeah so I didn't know
if they're trying to pad the running
time or what but later on towards the
end we find out what the real purpose of
it was yes which we'll get into later
watching the trailer they show Adam
Sandler at work
what's this about a twin Oh Jackie is a
twin sister identical or fraternal
nocturnal like a bat apparently he's a
big guy at work so I think of course
Jill's going to show up at work
unannounced and embarrass him it's me
it's Jill I'm here it was yeah well then
they show his co-workers in the trailer
too and they're like oh I didn't know
you had a sister so I'm like for sure
she's gonna show up at work and do
something embarrassing he's gonna be
having a big meeting he's going to be
pointing at a had an easel with a with a
graph on it and then she's gonna be
going through the glass and come into
the meeting room this is my sister and
there's a that's something that
something would happen in a typical
comedy but never shows up at work know
why it would have been too hard to film
it would require choreographing the two
Adam Sandler's and the split screen or
green-screen or I really do it so they
just didn't do that so then I was wrong
on that two of my other points were
that the plot was going to revolve
around Adam Sandler having to get the
the big account you know some sort of
really big deal that would that would
make or break the company everyone would
get fired or he would lose his job he
was his big bonus he couldn't build the
family swimming pool that he had
promised all our mr. griswold yes and
something like that and that Jill would
sort of ruin and early on big meeting
with the big client somehow a lunch date
let's do lunch he talks and she shows up
oh hi oh hi it's me you ruined the
meeting with the big client how am I
ever gonna make this up I'm this close
to losing the account that none other
have none of that happens what did they
do instead of that nothing oh yes and
that's one of that's one of the most
interesting points in the film you see
that um Al Pacino's in the movie
accountable mr. mr. Pacino why they
don't allude to the fact that Al
Pacino's involved with Adam Sandler's
work they just kind of say Al Pacino
wants to date the sister you know all
you want to do is play twister with the
assistant yeah it comes to crossing the
trailer at like just a random okay I
joke so I really wasn't expecting Al
Pacino to be the central plot of the
whole movie which he ends up being yes
Al Pacino account is the big account so
it's kind of right there
yes oh I mentioned Adam Sandler I didn't
know what he was in the trailer I
thought he was just obviously he's
successful but conveniently he's an ad
executive yes yes that's that's where my
my list shocked me with the general
horrors product placement 13 counts of
product placement and two counts of
product placement for fast food or
restaurant chain they want to get Al
Pacino and a Dunkin Donuts commercial
Dunkin Donuts a Dunkin Donuts Dunkin
Donuts Oh Dunkin Donuts is in the movie
Dunkin Donuts plays a prominent role in
the film so so the whole story literally
is Adam Sandler wants to get Al Pacino
in a Dunkin Donuts commercial that is
the whole movie that's fine but the
problem with that whole thing is that
there are no stakes yeah involved in
that there's no like we need to get this
account we need to shoot this Dunkin
donut commercial or else our advertising
firm collapsing yeah the company will go
under or Adam Sandler will get fired yes
there's there's nothing it's just like
we need to get out Pacino yes and that's
or it's like making a threat to someone
I'm gonna I'm gonna do this or what
you're gonna kill me
or what you're gonna kill my family I'm
just gonna do this okay you know what to
do please
Twista would you steal food and it's a
threat without a consequence yeah in a
film you can't have have a plot without
stakes you can't have nothing that's at
stake kind of you have no consequence to
something that happens it's what it's
what gets the audience involved in what
they're watching and even even in a big
broad dumb comedy like I didn't see a
comedy there's only something and so the
key word here is lazy so watching the
trailer I saw Katie Holmes was in it and
I had a couple things that Katie Holmes
could do in the movie she does nothing
in the film literally nothing why don't
these guys know how to jump but why did
you teach him who were the devil Dutch
kings
our neighborhood you guys can't do a
single wingding if you'll see on the
trailer there's a there's a little girl
and a little Indian boy are there kids
so I concocted this whole plotline about
Katie Holmes possibly not able to have
kids or that they were working at it
unsuccessfully and that's why they had
adopted these two kids and then so at
the end of the film I thought everything
would come full circle Katie Holmes
would get pregnant around Christmastime
or Hanukkah time or whatever and she
would get pregnant and and Jill still
would be there and they'd all be in the
hospital and they would do the
ultrasound and then on the screen the
picture would come up and the doctor
would of course be played by SNL actor
so-and-so
or maybe a sports figure maybe or candy
yep or yeah like it's Terry Bradshaw
which opens isn't it funny that Terry
Bradshaw's the doctor but anyways they
would be doing the ultrasound and and
then the image would come up and they'd
go there and they would cut to Jill and
she would go it's twins
and then they would show Adam saying
then you go make some sort of comical
face of course maybe lead in for a
sequel or to tie everything in a nice
comedy ball yeah Katie Holmes does
nothing the whole film so we all know
Katie Holmes is married to Tom Cruise
who is a weirdo cultists Scientologist
so the Church of Scientology let's get
into that oh sure uh it's it's nothing
but a fucking weird religious cult that
tries to siphon money off of its members
oh um it is they're very litigious
they're very militant yeah and they're
fucking nuts
mm-hmm um they believe in spaceships and
reincarnation and and and they also
believe that if you give them large
amounts of money you will get aboard the
spaceship to xenon yes the planet of the
of the alien gods
so Katie Holmes whose career has
nosedived since she married Tom Cruise
appears in this movie yeah um we don't
see much of Katie Holmes anymore except
for in the tabloids right um so we were
wondering why she's in this movie um we
think it might be a movie that she's in
because Tom Cruise gave the stamp of
approval yeah yeah she doesn't do
anything in this movie to like show
case your acting ability it's not like a
breakout role or something memorable
right but maybe maybe Tom Cruise knows
that she's in an Adam Sandler film
she'll get a giant paycheck mm-hmm
without having to do anything so I
thought Katie Holmes character might
have some depth maybe give her some sort
of interest in classic literature in
Jane Austen books or something like that
chair uh so I thought maybe they would
have liked this uh this book club thing
with all the ladies in the neighborhood
of the rich old white women and then
Jill why don't you come sit in on our
book club and then Jill would come in
and they would stay what I'll be talking
like yes I believe that the the this
novel really says this and this and
since this metaphor as a nibble and then
Jill ago well I just got done reading
Twilight that didn't happen
instead nothing happened one of my
mentions in the comedy department was
that Jill would have a bathroom incident
involving diarrhea or farts diarrhea or
farther so III have twelve fart jokes
and conveniently they tie in with one of
my other categories which is jokes at
the expense of physical abnormality or
ethnicity boom because the set up is
Jill eats Mexican food for the first
time and it makes her poop but it is set
up that she goes to some sort of outdoor
party um with the the family's Mexican
gardener wait the gardener was a Mexican
yeah yeah what is this a science fiction
film seriously honey can't you try a
little harder she's your sister so what
we should mention is that Jack and Jill
is the most racist film since the birth
of a nation Adam Sandler manages to
create the most passively racist scene
in in film history yes but there's a but
they're intimate there's a big but
because his gardener is of course a
Mexican and the gardener makes tons and
tons of horrifyingly racist jokes lazy
racist you're lately raised yeah like
just got over the border and he's like I
just not gonna cross the border and
everyone's like you didn't just say that
did you guys
I'm just kidding and then he goes she
goes to the picnic with him and he's
like this is my son Juan this is my
other son Juan
this is my daughter Juanita and like he
names everyone wanna choose well
anyone's named Juan and he goes I'm just
kidding that son they play soccer the
there's an elderly grandmother character
in the sequence who also falls into my
physical abnormality category because
she's missing all of her teeth and she
has big weird eyes and and that also
falls into my someone falling down
category she she gets knocked over twice
in the sequence and I guess it's
supposed to be hilarious cuz it's an old
lady but they they revived her going
back to the the ethnicity jokes they
revived her with with hot peppers and
that's the joke later she eats them as
well mmm they revive her again after she
gets hit in the face by the stick during
the pinata sequence yes yeah so yeah
they play pinata
they eat Mexican food they play soccer
I'm surprised they they were in picking
vegetables too or washing bedsheets
I mean seriously and then and then he
starts making all these jokes he makes
one joke after the other for no reason
it's not like like that scene where
there's this person that doesn't
understand Mexican culture coming in and
that's why he's making the jokes at the
person like kind of to fuck around with
them to play with his mind but she comes
in just with an open heart and an open
mind like I'm gonna come to your party
yeah and and so there's no reason for
him to do that
so it's just Adam Sandler having cheap
laughs at the expense of Mexican people
and at the same time getting away with
it because it's a Mexican person telling
the joke yeah and they're very juvenile
jokes they're like playground humor I
mean I'm a I'm a I'm a racist and I find
it offensive
so I was not expecting Jill to go to a
racist Mexican party which kind of falls
into several of the other comedy things
I was expecting to see in this film and
didn't um I really expected to see Jill
in a bathing suit yes perhaps even a
song or a string bikini with a fat suit
you know for visual yucks
yeah but that would require Adam Sandler
to put on some sort of prosthetic
appliance or makeup stuff and that's
just too much work
well yeah you're right uh just throwing
a wig on his head and smearing lipstick
on quickly is is all you need well even
that's much work mm yeah and then you
know there's a couple of things I did
get right um big bra big panties joke I
had on my list it happened
that's the joke is that she has big
panties and she holds them up and puts
them on even though she's not that
horribly obese no no she's a beast
enough to break all four of a horse's
legs a pony's legs they probably had to
shoot that pony in jail is a visual
effect but if in the reality the movie
if that happened oh I should have shown
that sequence right after that word all
the little kids are crying and the
handler comes out and just shoots the
pony in the face that would have been
great oh my god
there's another scene in the film to
which we should discuss a little before
we continue on with the plot is the
whole man and drag humor cheer sure and
and how most movies where guys dress up
like women the humor comes from them
adjusting to being a woman too kind of
like forgetting like that they have to
sit down when they pee too like
discussing things with other women
they're playing a role or or trying on
the bra and putting on the wig and and
and not being able to walk in high heel
left yes that's a classic yeah or
there's a scene in jacket Jill when
they're on the cruise ship and they're
in the exercise room there's these two
big bodybuilder guys and they're huge
and they're lifting weights and then
Jill comes over oh I'm gonna lift
weights now and then she starts lifting
weights like the same weights they're
lifting with ease and she's talking with
Katie Holmes about something and she
goes can you throw a couple more weights
on there and they do in their way and
then she's lifting them problem with
that scene problem with that joke is
that the joke isn't that never
established that Jill is superhumanly
strong for some reason and the the the
logic of the movie is not that Jill is a
guy in drag
it's funny when there's a guy in drag
and everyone thinks it's a woman and he
punches the other guy out never goes oh
that girl is strong yeah but the
audience knows that it's really a man
and that's why it's funny so it's like
they wanted that scene but the logic
didn't allow for that scene because bill
is supposed to be a woman so they just
did it anyways yeah yeah and and and
it's like you don't know what you're
doing there actually is one joke in this
movie that works well one that's
actually a crafted joke there there is
literally one crafted joke in this movie
that has a set up and a payoff yeah
should we tell them what it is uh sure
are you concerned about spoilers I guess
no one has seen this movie well I would
think anyone that is interested in
seeing this movie I hope we spoil it
what are you let me let's explain the
difference then okay because this will
make it real clear okay there's a scene
in the film Jack decides to dress up
like Jill for multitude of reason he
goes into the bathroom on the cruise
ship and there's a gut
the bathroom attendant guy this old guy
you know the doorman typing he's like
hello sir he's like I you know runs into
the stall changes into the woman and
comes out and then the bathroom
attendant looks at him and goes and
grabs his boobs and adjusts them because
he noticed one was hanging in am sir
like thanks scene ends many scenes later
that same bathroom attendant walks out
of the bathroom and runs into Jill who
is really a woman sees Jill and and goes
then grabs Jill's boobs and adjust them
she's a punches them yeah point is it's
a joke it has a setup
and a payoff yes it's set up and
explained and it's paid off and you
understand what happens and there are no
jokes in the movie like that it's either
someone falls down someone farts someone
kicks someone at the end David Spade's
and drag and he decides to grab Katie
Holmes and throw around the floor and
that's yeah it's it's like vile it's
just violence it's it's not yes stupid
pointless violence
farting falling down things like that
well speaking of the film and laziness
yeah the the doubling effect of Jack and
Jill was was the worst since I seen
since the 80s yeah well it seems like
that should be one of the draws of this
movie like come see Adam Sandler play
these two characters it's kind of like
the Eddie Murphy in the Nutty Professor
movies where it's like that's all people
talked about in those movies was the way
he played off himself and interacting
with himself and that was a selling
point of the movie here that it's just
yeah awkward split screens and or
green-screen well they're very
infrequently together and they don't
really play off each other yeah and like
yeah like you said that should have been
a selling point but it's not they're
often in different scenes together and
it's just Adam Sandler and a wig yeah
it's just it's just very very lazy
continued in part 2
