May 24, 2011
Special Edition (The Zookeeper)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lu02VSsLorE
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/73101965688709121
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/213802385308163

Half in the bag.
Special edition?
Who do these guys think they are, George Lucas?
hello and welcome to a special edition
of half in the bag I'm Mike Stoke Lassa
and I'm Jay Baumann and today we're
going to do something a little different
we're going to review a short video that
Jay discovered on the internet recently
yeah it's essentially a parody of a real
movie trailer and it's done so
brilliantly you you can't even tell the
difference at all right it's made to
look like some by-the-numbers big studio
piece-of-shit movie but it's done so
perfectly yeah I can I can see this
fooling a lot of people because of how
well it's done but uh anyway I guess we
should show people what we're talking
about this is the fake trailer for a
movie called the zookeeper five years
later the world's most devoted zookeeper
come on bound move you ever the Sun he's
getting a second chance
I hope my being who doesn't make you
uncomfortable I'm not uncomfortable so
comfortable ah oh my god no it's fine
it's fine I got it oh oh god it's barbed
oh wow that's amazing
do you know who made that I had no idea
but what's really impressive about is
the fact that they seem to have gotten
the real Kevin James to be in it yeah or
a really good look-alike I know it
shouldn't bother me that you're a
zookeeper but it kind of does so they
made this trailer look like a bunch of
people just got together and said we
need to plug in all the appropriate
elements into a movie to make dumb
people go see it in droves
yeah the cliches in it are so laughably
bad but it's so close to reality it's
right on the line there I could see this
being an actual movie so for me it goes
a little too far in the stupid
department how would you be able to talk
let's see today's Tuesday so am
you're the best soup keeper we ever had
they did hit all the right marks though
yes it's I can see the speed a movie
that tons of fat idiot retards just
flock to and enjoy there's a lot of them
I like you've got the the lovable
schlubby guy with a woman that's way out
of his league
you've got talking animals for no
apparent reason it's got really awful
unfunny physical comedy ah cried like it
just hits all those nose it even has
that like obvious boyfriend character
that's going to be the competition he's
like a deal yeah it's like by the
numbers it's perfect
um cliches aside there's there's some
general dumbness in the trailer album
well there's there's one part that stuck
out where Kevin James is being taught
how to release his inner bear you need
to unlock your inner bear ah no no and
there's apparently no jokes in that
scene it's just him growling and going
it's so horrible I mean if this were a
real movie it would be so embarrassing
for anyone involved in there right I
don't even think that Kevin James would
be in a movie this bad in real life you
okay like it let's it comes off like one
of those movies like late in someone's
career like I'm just desperate for money
yeah kind of thing and anyone who's an
actor with any kind of integrity would
not star in this film yeah unless
they're just a horrible sellout and I
don't know that much about Kevin James I
know he was in paul blart mall cop and
that says it all I love it yeah yeah
it's kind of nice that he's able to poke
fun at that image by doing this yeah
this really is him in the trailer oh not
cool yeah maybe he did it on the weekend
and they thought it was like a funny
thing and he was poking fun at himself
yeah
like this is a movie I could potentially
star in right I never would oh yeah yeah
I have enough sense of humor about the
dumb movies I've made that right exactly
Kevin James the best way to attract a
female is to be seen with another female
come on
there's also a brilliant product
placement gag in this trailer yeah all
those those real Adam Sandler movies
have some sort of whorish product tie-in
and with like a restaurant chain or some
sort product so the fact that they
included that in this is like perfect
yes yeah there's a there's a talking
gorilla in the movie and for no apparent
reason he says he loves TGI Fridays or
that he wants to go to TGI Fridays yeah
his TGI Fridays as incredible as it
looks it's pretty good and and then it
and then later on he goes to TGI Fridays
and and that's the joke well he goes he
sees the TGI Fridays and he goes shut ah
but yeah I can aw they're sure ah I'm
picturing like what's hearted people in
the theater just laughing hysterically
cuz they've heard of TGI Fridays yeah
and the fact that that gorilla wants to
go there that's also the scene where the
gorilla is in the car dancing to that
hip-hop song it was popular like three
years I guess yes the apple bottom jeans
on yes it's always like a dated song
slightly dated yeah and and it's perfect
apple bottom jeans son is perfect and
one thing it was missing is they really
should have had one of the animals log
into his myspace account just to make it
just perfectly dated yeah I I was a
little disappointed that the fake
trailer didn't have either a fart joke
or like a kick to the crotch right
it was also missing like a wacky
sidekick like a zookeeper sidekick
character to Kevin James played by like
I don't like Justin long yeah or like a
rapper like that would have been that
would have been perfect well in order
for the gag to work though you probably
would have had to get the real actor you
know so maybe they could maybe they can
get somebody maybe it was just a thing
where whoever made this new Kevin James
and had him for a weekend or something
like that yeah you know so like it would
have been perfect have like Ludacris in
there you know someone like that well
yeah as the wacky wisecracking sidekick
ice cracking sidekick foo who you
wouldn't think works in a zoo
zookeeper and they even got the font
right yeah you know the shiny semi
reflective embossed pastel-colored 3d
soft beveled font the kind that looks
like candy you want to eat it so Jay how
does this fake trailer compare to other
recent fake trailers like what you know
old dogs grownups free vengeance Mike
those were real movies what yes thank
you
the zookeeper is a real movie I'll go
first
