Oct 21, 2011
What's Your Number and The Black Ninja (1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lv9qieOnoCw
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/127398832639184896
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/293585870669583
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-whats-your-number-and-the-black-ninja-1-of-2?rq=ninja

Half in the bag.
Apes a-poppin'?
girl these chairs doing here it's a good
question yeah who's that guy oh oh good
our Burien sir yeah
650 there you go I'll be back with your
change thank you
was that a waitress yes what's going on
hey how are you guys thanks not tonight
ready to make some laughter Milwaukee
yeah it's time to laugh a road a road
enstein let's get our laugh and steen on
was there always a stand-up comedian
there so I happen to suffer from a
disorder yep it's called telekinesis I
just can't restrain myself from
transporting from one place to the next
I think that's what telekinesis means or
that's what my doctor says cuz that's
all my copay can afford what insurance
scam unifies Oh mr. Plunkett one um well
I wanted to ask what's going on here
what is all this
oh well money was a little tight this
month so I decided to turn my porch into
a comedy club it seemed like the most
logical solution I happened to be in the
bedroom getting intimate you know what
I'm saying
whoops teleported right inside my my jam
box my boom box how are we supposed to
get any work done on the VCR fuck you
there's a two-drink minimum god damn
assholes
thank you and good night
at least that guy's leaving this is
intolerable yeah what's up oh hey hey
how's it going
taking a break before the 10:00 you mind
if I uh take my break here fine with me
sure
yeah hey guys come here let actually
we're here all the time
Oh awesome your hardcore fan no yeah so
what do you do oh we usually just kind
of sit around and talk about movies I
just saw a movie oh yeah it was awesome
I mean it was like probably the best
movie of 2011 Wow what was it call
what's your number
oh I was thinking that maybe you'd want
to be my date seeing my sister's wedding
your parents for me have my sister's
wedding
I think so just fizzle screamish see
that's me
before you judge me you have to realize
my dating life hasn't exactly been
stellar hey guys welcome to half in the
bag I'm Jay and I'm Mike and this is not
bullshit we really did see this movie
the whole thing from beginning to end
which I know is weird because it's
likely that if you watch half in the bag
you've never had any interest in seeing
this movie or other movies like it's but
Rhoda what is the plot of what's your
number the plot of what's your number is
Anna Faris is a young professional who
realizes what young professional
no no she plays an ignorant slut okay
she's had one penis in her too many and
realizes that she doesn't want to
increase her number of sex partners so
she goes back through her old boyfriends
to find the love of her life it's time
to face the facts
how many relationships do I have died
before I meet the right guy in America
96% of women who have been with 20 or
more lovers can't find
than 20 that seems very high maybe you
just wanted Anna Faris to sleep with you
possibly possibly I I would wouldn't
mind taking a ride on Anna's ferris
wheel hey so what's your number
Rhoda what did you think well uh in
terms of whether or not it's a good
movie the answer is no but if you like
rom-coms then it's totally fine you see
this is where I'll tell you your opinion
is wrong
III don't mind as I said before I don't
mind any genre of movies as long as it's
not stupid okay and horrible right and
terrible this movie was fucking awful in
every imaginable way I locked myself out
of my apartment hey mind if I use your
phone when every guy you run into seems
to be on the run do you think the woman
coming out of your apartment could help
you with a being locked out problem uh
When Harry Met Sally is a good movie
it's got good characters good writing
and it's funny and this is a movie that
it's it's by the numbers every step of
the way where it's like within the first
two minutes you know exactly what's
gonna happen
which maybe if it were funny that would
help but there's nothing funny in this
movie the the writing is like worse than
a sitcom writing and I mean everything
about the movie is hideous I am NOT
gonna sleep with one more guy until I am
sure he's the one that's disgusting
Donald I hated him
I like the predictability I like knowing
they're gonna end up and together on the
end I don't even mind like being annoyed
by it like I'm kind of amused by the
horrible writing and like I like
laughing at it it's like Mystery Science
Theater we're going to see Flash Gordon
terrible movie terrible but you still
watch it
well we've often discussed the
difference the fine line between bad and
good bad right good bad is is laughing
at something right that's just a failure
right and you enjoy it like the room or
movies like that um but then there's bad
bad where I don't see how you can derive
any kind of entertainment value from it
I consciously know that this genre is
going to probably have all of those
horrible elements but at the end of the
day this is really the only genre it's
about two people ending up together and
and I already live life like I already
know that life doesn't happen like these
movies but these movies leave me with
this like warm sort of fuzzy feeling
because I get to watch at the end of the
movie these two people come together and
connect and it's like this beautiful
dumb fairy tale lovely sweet thing and
that's all I need it to be I can just
emotionally relate to the film without
intellectually processing all the other
crap that went into movie and I feel
like life is so full of just boring
mediocrity that we don't get a lot of
those movie moments and these movies are
specifically created to have to lead up
to have catalysts lead up to the moment
where action is taken where someone has
made a declaration that defines the rest
of their forever let me ask you this
though would you enjoy a rom-com if they
didn't get together in the end or it had
sort of a different feel to the ending
well I think that that's when the
elements that you're talking about come
more into play like 500 days of summer
that's a rom-com and they don't end up
together and it's more realistic and
you're kind of sad but they still have
that little moment at the end where you
see um he's going to end up with someone
well how do you care about the
characters though if they don't feel
like real people the whole time like I
wouldn't care that they if they're if
they felt like real people and the
dialogue was realistic and the scenarios
are realistic I'd be like oh they got
together at the end that warms the
cockles of my heart but when when they
come off like like flat cartoon
characters or psychopath or Psychopaths
and that's it's you know like I don't
care but because you know I do it
despite popular belief I do have a heart
and I do have emotions oh is that what
they're called
yeah emotions
like everyone else is moving on with
their lives but me how do you know what
you want you don't know who you want I
have to go to my sister's wedding alone
I'll go with you he would do that yeah
sometimes you can't live life by the
numbers we have to figure it out as you
go along you can kind of compare this
type of horrible schlock to stuff like
you know like a romance novel or a soap
opera or something like that but those
at least are written for a certain type
of audience they might be melodramatic
but they don't sound like they're
written by like a four-year-old like the
intelligence level of the characters and
the things they say it's like that movie
friends-with-benefits I saw half of that
movie we had to walk out
it was so horribly offensive these
people
that it's like a gradient it's just
getting worse and worse like this one in
the friends-with-benefits one
it puts rom-coms in like the worst
possible form of entertainment for me
because I was like okay rom-com you know
it's a cutesy love story fine you know
that's cool you know I'll go watch it
but but watching it it's like it's like
the bottom of the barrel it's worse than
like a Michael Bay movie in terms of
like pandering and stupidity in the
writing like like the Woody Harrelson
gay character in Brenton in
friends-with-benefits he shows up and
he's like hitting on Justin Timberlake
and he's like I'm not gay bros like well
I'm gay I love shoving cocks in my mouth
and getting fucked in my ass and you
have a phone I live in Jersey ain't
taking no ferry it's out to dinner and a
show for you
are we past that yet no because because
there's a big dumb fatso in the audience
with the tub popcorn is gonna laugh
laugh his work yeah but I don't think
that that's exclusive to rom-coms no
it's not at all there's there's uh I
don't know I've seen a lot of regular
comedies that are fairly well written
now there are but then they oh they
still have the gay jokes they still have
the like dick jokes they still have the
poop jokes they still have like the
potty it depends on the context too
though I mean there's something like a
like you know the 40 year old virgin or
a comedy like that where it's it's you
can do a smart dick joke yeah and you
could do a dumb dick job yes and this is
an explicitly it's it's the basest level
of a character saying I like cock that's
the joke and that's even not the not the
gay stuff in this movie but there was
lots of moments where it's like oh
that's the joke again it just comes back
to this idea of like I don't care like
I'm not looking for it to be a
well-written dick joke but yes there's a
difference between an Apatow movie and
whoa and what's your number like I when
I am going I'm going for escapist
entertainment like I'm going for like
the ridiculousness of that that's that's
the cutoff for me as far as if I can get
into it as if it feels just like
completely pandering like I was saying
before the idea that a movie like this
is written and
the people that wrote this they couldn't
have thought that this was like a
charming romantic thing they were
plugging in all these elements yeah sure
to appeal to that audience and it just
feels really really cynical it reminds
me it's like like fast food of movies
like it's there it's quick easy and
consumable by people I'm so sorry
oh but but like it felt like they shot
this movie over a weekend
sure like Chris Evans took a break yet
he had a week off in between shooting
for Captain America and the Avengers and
he's like it Chris you could crank this
out in a week and get and and by the way
Chris Evans performance is brilliant in
this movie he deserves an Oscar really
did you not did you not pick up on that
debt he's he's playing the whole movie
sarcastically net layer sarcasm Anna
Faris was was doing her job but Chris
Evans was just he was he was laughing at
the movie in his performance for harm
and it was woven in there perfectly
wait wait wait that's what this is about
you don't want to raise your number
that's why you won't sleep with me it
was like an SNL skit of people in a bad
romantic calm yes where they're they're
sort of wink wink in on the joke I'm
done here
well that's that's another thing that
can kinda save a movie like this is the
chemistry between the two leads like if
they're likable like I recently saw
fifty-fifty which is a different type of
movie but it has a hackneyed love story
in it but the two are really good Joseph
gordon-levitt and Anna Kendrick I
believe her name is they're both really
good in it and they're really charming
and you like them and this movie Chris
Evans has possibly what that is he felt
distant so maybe that was sarcasm but
Anna Faris really commits and is really
trying to give a solid comedic
performance is you this is my fiancee
she's a rocket scientist I'm
scientists - he doesn't look smart
either is it possible that all my exes
got better with time like I go into
something like away we go
knowing that I'm gonna be like more
intellectually stimulated and that it
has an authentic purpose to the piece
whereas something like what's your
number I it's like it's it is like
eating fast food and I happen to love
Wendy's like there's no way for me to
argue about the quality of it except to
just say I enjoy eating pizza like but
not all fast food makes it throw up on
yourself well but that's a completely
subjective perspective Mike like you
hate it I get it
you can keep telling me how stupid this
how much you you hate it I'm gonna
stumping to stop you because you made a
comparison which which Jay mentioned in
the beginning of the screening he's like
this is exactly how bridesmaids open the
opening is the exact same scene where
the the she's in bed with the guy he's
still sleeping
she gets out and goes puts on her makeup
and lays back in bed so he'll wake up
and be like you look good in the morning
it's the exact same seat is bright there
well there's a lot of other kind of
similarities - there's the season
wedding and the the pre-party cemar
she's holding the bottle of wine yeah
yeah similar to that other scene where
she's having a competition of who gives
a better toast yeah with the mate of
mine but in bridesmaids it's so much
more cleverly written the schmuck you
went out with in high school he was the
biggest douchebag of them all
you know how Eddie broke up with her he
started dating her best friend who's
here tonight by the way Sheila
it's really hard to pinpoint it but
there are some things that just are not
funny and it's hard to it's hard to
explain why something is or is not funny
yeah but you just know you're right
for example hmm
there's a scene in the film the general
premise is Mayim Bialik is who's Amin
Anna Faris Anna Faris it's right that
Anna Faris is trying to locate all of
her boyfriends so she could see what
they're up to because you know she
doesn't want to sleep with any more
people
she's already slept with her future
husband blah blah blah Chris Evans lives
across the street ha across the hall and
he says he knows things about police
detective work somehow and he could help
her find stuff right but he goes I knows
I know everyone's business in in the
whole apartment building you know you
were at inception and the guy downstairs
he married his dog and then and then
we're like oh oh oh that's crazy yeah
the guy downstairs married his dog it
does pay off later when she yells at the
guy downstairs go fuck your dog up
fucking shut on your dog get my jokes
right dammit but that was an hour later
and the joke early on was that the guy
downstairs married a stock I get it what
but is that funny though no how about
some dinner tonight
are you tracking down all your
ex-boyfriends you don't go over 20 I'll
stop as soon as I fall in love Wow I
wouldn't have known I was gay if I
hadn't dated you I find it shocking that
a screenplay like this would get sold
but at the same time I don't because
it's just like okay does it have all the
appropriate elements yes can we shoot it
in a week you know we have the right
stars attached it to a red star and and
it's it's the movie isn't cynical is
story wise but everything about it is
cynical it's it's just it's pathetic
it's pathetic but if it turns out a
profit then they dump it in a dumpster
and move on and I want to be with
somebody who appreciates me
I understand movies our business and
it's a little too business e at this
point to where the the it's almost a
facade that's put up of humanity like
this is about people and relationships
it's it's not but it's an extension of
the idea of a continued idea throughout
society of like the pretty princess
wedding and romance and like it's not
even just specific to this movie it's
specific to like you said those
magazines this like I I do think in some
respects even though they're better made
Disney films and like you know at the
end of the day we as women are somehow
gonna come and embrace what it is to be
like beautiful and stunning and we do so
by finding this relationship bla bla bla
puke puke puke but I find them really
relaxing I know exactly where they're
going I can go in there and just - now
like I - now I just watch and I'm just
like this is ridiculous cuz I take more
more personal offense I know I know it's
just a product meant for a certain type
of audience or whoever is dumb enough to
pay for it but when I'm watching it as
just a human being I can't focus what I
what I find so aggressive about the way
that you're saying it is that you're
saying or someone who's dumb enough to
pay for it well that's me and I'm not
dumb I'm making a choice to consume a
fast food product that elicits a very
negligible emotional response for me I
understand I understand guilty pleasures
and liking things that that are not well
done you know sure but I don't know to
me it's like like I don't know like I
like listening to a song where the
singer is really singing horribly and
the beat is all wrong
you know and any you're like wow that's
very wrong like the guitars can
the auto-tune or something that's and
like enjoying that and finding some
enjoyment out of it you should give me
your number we should catch up hey babe
hey you're looking good real quick I
think it's weird in the promo clips they
show Andy Sandberg in a scene that they
never even show in the movie know which
that's kind of weird it's sort of like
they're using him to sell that's yeah oh
I like Andy Sandberg oh he's out in the
movie right
Tom Lennon scene he was a gynecologist
they probably shot it in 20 minutes oh
let's see how things are going now Oh
Ally Korres do these actors in between
takes just talk about how dumb this
movie they're in is is that like what
you talk about by the craft service
table like this is so fucking stupid but
man I can't wait to get that check hi
I'm Anna Faris and I'm Chris Evans and
we're gonna show you a clip from our new
movie what's your number we're starting
off with a nice boob grab let's unpause
it and see what happens oh but you know
you always see those like behind the
scenes footage where they're all like
gathering around the playback and
they're watching and they'll laugh yeah
and I just can't see that happening on
this unless they're all faking it oh man
morning morning are you ran a toilet
paper okay how would you be good because
as an adult as a grownup the this guy in
the apartment downstairs he fucks his
dog like all these like seasoned actors
and comedic veterans and professionals
like going huh you know sure but it's
like okay you can run you could you
could explain that plot in a two minute
thirty second trailer you can show a
couple of funny people in it Anna Faris
Chris Evans other celebrities and go bam
package so in conclusion Mike would you
recommend this movie fuck no ah if
you're really into rom-coms and you're
sick at home and you don't have anything
better to do it's totally fine
it is a movie
up I would I would really really
recommend bridesmaids what's your number
continued in part two
