Nov 21, 2011
Jack and Jill (2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cc85QCF5414
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/138528882520375296
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/293664757331534
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-jack-and-jill-2-of-2

so yes the the theme as we said of this
movie is laziness and no sequence in the
movie sort of showcases that more than
the Lakers scene there's a scene in the
movie where they go to a Lakers game
that's right and it's it's it's almost
comical because it looks like a like a
cheap it looks like a Saturday Night
Live sketch or like a late-night talk
show sketch where there's all this
b-roll of the Lakers
you know prepping for the game and
playing and then it cuts to this tiny
little set where there's like three rows
of bleachers and everyone's just sitting
there and there's ALPA Chino and Johnny
Depp for some reason he doesn't have to
get up in the scene Johnny Depp just
showed up on set snap there they rolled
for half a day he collected his paycheck
and left and then it cuts to the reverse
and it's Adam Sandler in front of a
green screen with the Lakers
superimposed behind him and it looks
horribly cheap and horribly lazy and
that sort of sums up the entire
execution of this movie every scene is
just people standing around or sitting
around it's like a Star Wars prequel
yeah but he does he goes up to Al Pacino
and then like we're talking about the
scene before the movie started one of
the things in my list was that I
expected Jill to somehow end up on the
court of the Lakers
oh yeah and do something embarrassing
that would embarrass jack or they would
end up on the camera or something but I
thought she was gonna go out for the
free throw contest or just walk out onto
the court with a hot dog going where a
bi where's I'm gonna act someone
accidentally passes over the ball and
she goes whoa crazy shot and they go
perm and Evans like uh you know but
filming at a Lakers game or staging one
in in full-scale yeah would have been a
lot of work and movies aren't about work
they're about getting the mate as
quickly and as cheaply as possible and
to inflate the budget to such a level to
where you could pay yourself as much as
possible I think this film was ninety
seven point nine nine percent above the
line
and the rest is below the line yeah yeah
well that kind of goes into our next
topic here
reportedly the budget for this movie is
79 million dollars so the question is if
no time or effort or thought was put
into anything concerning the production
where did all that money go
our lawyers would like us to read the
statement before we proceed Adam Sandler
is a hack fraud conman no no that's the
wrong note oh it's the other note from
the lawyer this is the one you're
supposed to be Oh I'll cut that part out
okay Adam Sandler is a horrible con man
oh no that's the wrong one - how many
wrong notes are I don't know how these
all got mixed up in here but let me see
try this one I think this is a wait Jay
and Mike of half in the bag are not
accusing Adam Sandler or his cohorts
weight or his associates of any criminal
wrongdoing these are merely the opinions
of Mike and Jay okay um
oh he stole all the money and embezzled
it to all of his friends this is what
we'll call the the the Adam Sandler
comedy scam the great American Adam
Sandler comedy swindle yes yeah you're
right Jay this is roughly half the
budget of the James Cameron film the
Titanic I know there's inflation
differences of course but whatever
eighty million dollars is a large amount
of money for a film that looks like it
was shot in a weekend mmm that looks
like it's one of those skits that you
see on like the Oscars before the Oscars
you know one day when they recreate a
movie yeah shoot it in five minutes yeah
holy crystal or like something you see
on like the Conan O'Brien show or
something well we we were discussing
after we left the theater at what point
does something like this cease to be
able to be called movie and I think this
is it yeah because this is theirs we
mentioned general horse product
placements and I in general I don't like
just hate product placement for no
reason I understand
what it is why it's there hmm and if
it's sort of incorporated into the movie
in a way that's sort of organic and
makes sense
whatever deal but this is a movie where
they literally stop the film to have
commercial breaks yes
there are commercials in the movie
literal literal commercials to wear
shameless doesn't even doesn't even
begin to describe it yeah now yeah I
agree
product placement is fine and and movies
cost a lot of money to make they just do
and and sometimes that that profit
margins razor-thin when you're competing
against other movies and and and stuff
like that but Adam Sandler has this like
well-established fan base and he
especially this movie really kind of
emphasizes the point that he does not
care oh yeah absolutely I mean about the
quality of his of his work yeah and not
that I saw all of his other films but
this this movie left me with this this
weird feeling in the end and we've made
fun of the zookeeper and really kind of
stupid formulaic movies like that before
I bet you the zookeepers a work of art
compared to this yeah I felt I felt
swindled at the end and I'm sure other
people did after seeing it because they
had those twins the footage of the twins
in the beginning and then at the end
they tack it on for like 10 more minutes
after the credits yeah
and and it's like oh it's supposed to
fill you with like this like Oh twins
are great yeah it's a give you to give
you the illusion that the movie is about
something about twins and their
relationship yeah when the movie isn't
about anything at all or just to or just
to give you like some sort of
warm-hearted feeling as you leave the
theater
and to make you forget about the whole
movie that you just saw yeah and shoving
that in the beginning shoving that on
the end with no context or anything in
relation to the film just felt like
shoving things in there until it's 90
minutes and throwing it out
you mentioned the commercial yes there's
the the Royal Caribbean cruise yeah
commercial in the movie where the family
goes on a cruise and I think he was even
looking right at the camera they shows
us getting on the boat and the guys like
welcome to the Royal Caribbean cruise
and then there's this montage of Beauty
shots and it is a commercial yep it is
literally a commercial yeah and then at
the end to a Dunkin Donuts I mean the
Royal Caribbean stuff serves as you know
establishing shots for that scene but
yeah the guy does look right at the
camera don't go to Royal Caribbean
cruise line yeah the camera goes past
them and then they show the pool and and
there's even lines in the dialogue
Jill's like oh there's a pool on here
how many other wonderful fun things are
there to do on the ship yeah and and
every background extra in that scene is
like beautiful young people and where
it's like fun we want to have a fun I'm
sure Royal Caribbean representatives
were on set claim well another example
is during the the movie theater scene
which is seen in the trailer where it's
a wide shot of everyone there and just
awkwardly holds on them for a long time
before anything happens in the scene and
there's strategically placed
coke labels right across the whole way
across the frame yeah and then and then
there's a scene at the end jill brings
home tons of boxes of Oreos for summer
for some reason she needs a lot a whole
case of Oreos yeah lots and lots of
Oreos um and even the very first scene
in the movie the very first scene in the
movies like biggest turnoff
well Adam Sandler's character is as we
said early very conveniently an ad
executive and there's a shot where it's
it's a two shot of him talking to
someone else they're both in profile and
directly in the middle of the frame is
just rows and rows of pepto bismal and
the the rest of the shot of sort of drab
and muted colors and there's these
bright pink bottles your attention goes
right to it he's talking about how his
sister Jill is going to visit and he
goes oh I have a stomachache and then
drinks a pepto-bismol like now you know
the joke was he wanted he
his stomachache so bad I'm thinking
about his sister Jill that he had to
drink about this mall but at the same
time it's so it's it's an ad very
faintly disguised as a joke very which
is this whole movie has that like
illusion of like we're going to make you
think you're watching a comedy film yeah
and it's just it's so horribly
manipulative and at the end of the film
is Al Pacino in a hilarious Dunkin
Donuts commercial yes him dancing and
singing a song because Al Pacino rhymes
with cappuccino or something something
um so it's this ad and you feel like
you're actually watching the commercial
because you are in the logic of the
movie but you are also being advertised
too in the theater so them then it's
like oh I want to kill myself
yeah they show the American Airlines
area in LAX with all the American
Airlines science just one after the
other right in your voice those are all
the kind of products in the film that
are just sort of floating around in the
in the ether of schlock this movie there
are also products in the movie that are
more woven in with the fabric of the
film yeah which you may not have noticed
but your brain did Jack and Jill was
produced by Columbia Pictures and as you
can see Columbia Pictures is owned by
Sony Sony is of course the Japanese
conglomerate company that that owns Sony
Pictures so you'll see a lot of Sony
products and the film mysteriously
appear down there even though he's a hip
ad guy works on a Sony Vaio yes a laptop
which is very convenient because then
you have the back of the yeah of the
computer just facing the camera at all
times does anyone work on PC products
anymore I don't know he doesn't have a
Mac or an iPad or any of those devices
he has a Sony Vaio they also have a a PC
in their home which is a Sony PC he has
a an mp3 player in the film that's a
Sony
and Jill talks on a Sony cellphone I
believe it's an Ericsson and what's also
interesting is that the Happy Madison
productions offices are located on the
Sony Pictures studio lot the Culver City
California ok so it's not a coincidence
that so many products were also on the
phone so as we mentioned coca-cola is
also featured prominently in the film
it's in the theater scene where you see
five or six coke logos all facing the
camera conveniently there's a little
back story to that in 82 coca-cola
actually purchased Columbia Pictures
which is the distributor of Jack and
Jill oh yeah and then coca-cola launched
Tristar pictures you know the the
pegasus anthem ings which was a joint
venture between them HBO and CBS hmm CBS
of course produces the television show
The Price is Right which is also
featured prominently in the film yes yes
and coca-cola also at a short run
producing television it was coca-cola
telecommunications and one of the
programs that they produced was The
Price is Right
as well and this is one of their
first-run syndication programs in
collaboration with Columbia Pictures
Television Oh isn't all this fascinating
I have nothing against advertising I
really don't care I have something
against making really bad movies or
tricking people I don't like tricking
people advertisements are on TV they are
what they are advertisements that have
some sort of entertainment value to them
or a plus but when you make a movie with
this purpose and and the more sinister
thing is is is what what our lawyer made
us read that statement is that we're
we're questioning that this isn't a
giant Ponzi scheme or a giant fleecing
scam this whole movie like there's no
reason this should be seventy nine
million dollars this is just a cheap
cheap looking movie yes but every minor
character is played by one of Adam
Sandler's friends yeah so this is what
you're saying Jay you're saying that
Adam Sandler says hi I'm Adam Sandler I
have lots of pull
I have lots of box-office hits not
necessarily in the critical definition
of hit but in the financial definition
of hit I can make some phone calls
well we'll put together this this really
cheaply made product called Jack and
Jill now I can raise this budget for at
X amount of dollars and I'm going to
call up all of my old friends and give
them horribly inflated paychecks to be
in it and at the same time get giant
checks from big name advertisers to also
give us money we'll cash all these
paychecks and we'll release this bomb
theaters and who gives shit what the
critics say yeah people will go watch it
these these these dummies that like Adam
Sandler films that giggle at farts and
people falling down the stairs and
everyone will be happy and and basically
that's the truth the only the only
people that aren't happy are those that
actually give a crap about film as an
art form mm-hmm and and that's us and
and we didn't pay to see this movie we
should point that out yeah we we people
say like oh how can you criticize this
movie you pay to see it you're
supporting it we didn't pay to see this
thing I would never go and watch this
for an entertainment purpose but that's
just my choice yeah but people that are
on the fence that are like well I like
to Adam Sandler before but I have a
choice to see this this film that I
don't really know much about that's been
getting a lot of good reviews and I but
I've never heard of the actors I'll just
go see Jack and Jill yeah because I've
heard of Adam Sandler those are the
people that are really to blame for this
problem
people review this movie and go oh it's
just a dumb comedy it's just a dumb
comedy don't watch it or watch it yeah
but really I Occupy Wall Street guys go
west because you know I know you don't
you can't control what the banks do with
your money in the banks and and the Wall
Street guys are all they make money but
this is this is a different version of
that now it's a different version of
taking money and and you know doing the
corporate bailouts giving bonuses
everyone complains about CEO bonuses
Adam Sandler is giving a huge bonus to
David Spade for doing nothing for five
minutes and this is all theoretical of
course right and and very much we're not
implying any kind of criminal wrongdoing
which this isn't criminal but it's very
very unethical money fleecing and and
horrible things goes on everywhere not
just in Wall Street the the Wall Street
stuff is happening in Hollywood there
are P there are Adam Sandler is a
one-percenter and he's stealing all the
money - yeah and it's just our opinion
but that's what we think happened
because you look at like look at the
price tag of eighty million dollars or
you take a movie like super which we saw
earlier this year which costs like three
million dollars to make something like
that three or four-minute and it looks a
million times better if production value
is it doesn't look like a cheap SNL skit
and somehow this film cost almost 80
million dollars to make yeah and what
does Adam Sandler's base he gets about
20 million a picture so right there
that's and that's just his fee for
acting he also writes these films oh
okay yeah yeah we get checks from
different so so right off the bat
justice fee for for standing around in a
wig and and doing this little amount of
work as possible is 25% of this entire
budget yeah so you have crew you have
film costs you have editing and all that
but but something like you know a super
or other lower budgeted films even
bigger motion pictures can cost under
five million dollars
so it's it's it's misappropriation and
that's why everyone loves Adam Sandler
even even David Letterman was raving
about this film here's what happened I
saw this movie a week ago and I'm so
happy and I loved it so much I can end
it and then that's all that's all I can
think about what was the movie and how
what a great success it will be for you
and your friends would make the movie
honest forgotten and where we're trying
to arrange another screening for the
staff that's on this this thing is gonna
be enormous yeah who is on CBS networks
which also broadcasts The Price is Right
Adam Sandler is the most likable guy in
Hollywood enough now I know why I wonder
how much longer this can go on for ya my
rant I want no no I wonder how much more
transparent it can get this this is an
all new this is this is a new low and I
think I said that about transformers too
when I first saw that or it's like I've
never seen such a level of pandering but
this isn't even pandering this is
something different but it's a new sunk
to a new level you know watching Jack
and Jill makes me respect Michael Bay on
so many levels
because Michael Bay the movies are two
and a half hours long they're filled
with with modern-day visual effects yeah
I mean his movies are nice-looking yeah
um who cares about you know how they
look he likes action he likes action he
likes he likes ladies attractive women
running around you know alike what do
you get out of something like Jack and
Jill what does the Adam Sandler like the
Adam Sandler likes to show up in jeans
and a t-shirt and and stand in a medium
shot well it was it was amazing because
we both kind of had a similar reaction
throughout the movie when there was that
realization that it was far more
nefarious than just being yeah a dumb
bad comedy because I think we went into
it with the intention of just let's just
go see this movie and rip it apart yeah
fun and it turned into a much more
depressing experience it was it was like
I I I grew up a little hmm I gained an
extra little bit of knowledge about the
world it's like when you learn
there is no Santa Claus or you know when
you learn some truth about reality and
and me I don't know I I wouldn't call
myself a naive person sure
I kind of seemed to be aware of a lot of
stuff that's going on but I actually
felt a little less naive after watching
this movie and go oh not just that some
movies are quickly made cheaply made
products like like for example that
what's your number yeah a movie like
that cheaply made product quickly put
together shove down the theater generate
a profit move on yeah not that movies
are like that but that a filmmaker and
and a movie could be used as as a way to
make everybody money that have nothing
to do with the movie to kind of fleece
money out of out of a system as a I
hesitate to use the word scam but the
movie is a scam and I kind of sat there
and I went wow this isn't a movie yeah
this is a scam and and it's interesting
to see a piece of entertainment that's a
front it's like the Italian restaurant
that that the mob uses as a front to to
in there cutting cocaine in the back now
and there's trucks pulling up with guns
and stuff and it's like realizing that
that Italian restaurant isn't there to
cook you a meal and and if you want to
have a life-altering experience where
you go into the theater and you see
something on the big screen that is as
transparent as a window you should watch
Jack and gel because it will change your
life
yeah you and daddy have 20 powers some
twins can feel when the other ones hurt
I didn't feel it well hard no Jill stop
it he's kidding I actually did feel
something their pride in my son so Jay
what does it feel like to be dead inside
yeah at least now I can get that job
I've always wanted at the post office
what what Oh somebody's here apparently
oh hold on I'm coming I wonder who it'll
be
I don't know it's always someone mm-hmm
hi why it's my sister Harriet Lincoln
I'm Harry I'm in town for Thanksgiving I
brought all of my dogs so they could
play with your head I'm going to be
staying for eight months I can't wait to
do all of the fun things that are to do
in New Jersey I can't wait to see the
cockroach Museum and I can't wait to see
the junkyard and the rats how are you
doing Harry we're a little bit bolder
than you were last time my strong oh and
you're so they're so crazy
while I'm here listening to these two
gives me heartburn relief our
incontinent mother says hello you're at
least that's what my medium tells me huh
she charges me $800 a minute to talk to
our sweet mother isn't that crazy
oh I see you've got some people over
fixing your VCR when you're getting a
good deal on that people fixing my
rotary phone are taking forever they
drink all the time and they don't do
anything that's like a weird parallel
between us we have lots in common isn't
that crazy
such a stupid bitch you always got to
come to my fucking house when you're on
vacation
can't you go to Florida or somewhere
nice it was fucking New Jersey and the
fuck does that whatever
