Oct 11, 2011
Robot and The Last Circus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPnwjZfNbeo
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/124003225564221440
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/284865814871303
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-robot-and-the-last-circus

Half in the bag.
When are these fucks gonna fix my VCR?
that's that hey look is it
Jay Leno's chin no no that's too big to
miss oh it's actually the Milwaukee Film
Festival oh yeah look at that
let's go check out some films there you
know ones that aren't the big dumb
Hollywood movies we've been watching
lately that's a great idea
let's go well that was an interesting
experience I certainly feel a lot more
enlightened now as a film fan well now
you can tell people you watched a movie
with subtitles and you could you could
seem like you're smarter or better than
everything yeah well movies with
subtitles you know that means you have
to read while watching the movie so it
makes you feel more intelligent it makes
the movie seem more intelligence well if
a movie's foreign it automatically is
more intelligent it's true because
foreign is you know it's different and
it is better than everything it makes
you better too for was it as a film fan
I don't watch foreign films on my TV
because I don't even own a TV
oh so I only see films in the theatre
especially foreign films right you only
watch foreign films mm-hmm because
American films are just all garbage yeah
it's like that movie Amelie have you
heard of the movie Amelie um I've heard
of it yes though and then it's crap oh
because I've heard of it yeah what
played in in major Cineplex is I know if
that's a bullshit fake foreign movie
oh hi and welcome to half in the bag I'm
Mike and I'm Jayden and on this week's
episode we're going to be talking about
two foreign films that you've probably
never heard of yes if you haven't
clicked the x button on your browser
please do so now so we just got back
from watching a couple films at the
Milwaukee Film Festival which which was
exciting yes the first one we saw was
robots
come on more activated
robot is a big-budget Indian film about
a scientist that creates a humanoid
robots over time the robot developed
human emotions and discovers that they
may be more than he can handle
cue the musical numbers uh team anima
Manabu la Coulson has pussy hidden a big
kiss on it so Jay did you enjoy robot
I enjoyed robot yes it was a lot of fun
yeah even though it was 175 minutes
longer there's a lot it was it was a big
feast of a film but the first time I
heard of robot was I saw clip on the
Internet and it was called Indian
Terminator yeah it was I don't know if
it would be considered a viral video but
it was for circulating around
like you said it's basically about a
scientist that makes a robot and the
robot he the scientist tries to give him
emotions yeah then he gets struck by
lightning
yes randomly that happened I had looked
away for a second and I looked up and
all of a sudden oh I think he just got
struck by lightning it's like out of
nowhere
yeah and that that of course is not
stolen from short-circuit um neither are
any of the other elements in this movie
there's no elements in this movie there
take it from other movies no other dolly
we know it's a completely original
original movie may I come in
but the robot gets emotions and then he
falls in love with the creator's
girlfriend there's a little love
triangle going on it which leads to
dance numbers it leads to some action
scenes yeah
the robot is he he's he's like the
Terminator he has a metal skeleton
underneath and some rubbery skin and and
he can also do anything he could run
along the side of a speeding train he
can fight people he's super smart he has
his wheels in his feet
but then he gets more emotions later
when a competitor scientist gives him an
evil emotions chip which is all those
scenes that we've seen on YouTube the
Indian Terminator scenes where he
becomes like a badass evil robot and he
starts making replicas of himself and
then the replicas start making replicas
so there's a whole army of this robots
so that's the general story line of the
movie you know it's sort of a I don't
know Frankenstein's monster Pinocchio
you know every kind of happening
terminator um you know even data from
Star Trek The Next Generation scans
right in there and every possible little
element from from big Hollywood movies
is plugged into this um yeah I actually
had a chance to speak with um Jack
Rogers 2-car who is the he's one of the
producers on the film he was at the
screening that we are at I were here
with Jack rajashekhar who is the
Hollywood executive producer of the
movie robot yes very nice meeting and
it's nice to be here with you guys yes
he primarily is the Indian Hollywood
liaison producer because this movie was
the the biggest budgeted Indian movie
ever right and also we introduced for
the first time a costume designer from
Hollywood Mary what Mary what is the one
who designed men in black and they in
fact he's actually designing for a man
in black 3 I was with her at the New
York
the Stan Winston studio did all the
animatronics and stuff like that for the
film and apparently this was the last
film that Stan Winston worked on Wow
before he got real and some of them are
like the first time the Indian cinema
actually working with the Hollywood
animatronics affection all those things
of standards and studio and legacy
effects from Hollywood more than
hundreds of crew they worked on this
movie for three years
with Indian crew but I did ask him about
the budget and where the money went and
stuff like that so would you say that
that would be the like the biggest
milestone with this movie I understand
it's the biggest budgeted Indian cinema
film that's ever been made
yes again at the when you say big
biggest budgeted movie in India it is
not very much towards the technology
that we spent but all the actors in
volun are you have above the line below
the line so we actually spend more on
above the line and below the line so you
got the superstar from India and I
should there I and in all that also in a
part of the money gets goes into them
too it's different it's well it's it's a
different type of storytelling in its
Indian film it's not just about the
story it's the the spectacle it's the
you know it's three hours long they
generally have an intermission um at
this screening again but yeah there's an
intermission musical numbers and it's
not like a movie comes out there where
it's like you know this is an action
movie or this is a comedy right it's
sort of everything it encompasses cinema
you could say and that's why you can
have a movie where you know there's an
attempted rape scene and also a
whimsical musical number about being in
love on the same movie it's a I actually
really enjoyed the movie as a story it
was really long like I was thinking
about you know a lot of times when a
foreign film is remade in America for
American audiences a lot of times it's
sort of oversimplified they they sort of
dumb it down and I was thinking while
watching this movie like if this were to
get remade as an American movie they
really wouldn't change that much cut out
the musical numbers and trim the runtime
but it was a big dumb fun movie it felt
like an American movie I I thoroughly
enjoyed the musical numbers I thought
those were fun especially the last one
where there were robot lions and in many
many duplicates of Aishwarya Rey oh I
really enjoyed that
the more Aishwarya Rai's the better that
was a great part she she may very well
be the most beautiful woman I've ever
seen in my life
how do you feel about the action in the
movie it's very it's very matrix style
very over-the-top yeah yeah well I was
thinking about that like towards the end
it gets really crazy when it's the all
the robots are forming into a giant ball
with guns coming out and then there's a
giant snake and then they turn into a
giant person all the all of them form
together to form one big person and it's
it's really creative it's bizarre and
it's sort of over-the-top and excessive
but it's at least creative yeah as
opposed to a lot of like you know
something like transformers 3 people
shooting or it's just lots of robots
jumping around there's nothing memorable
about it right this is goofy and stupid
but at least it's fun yeah it's a fun
fun idea that all the robots form
different shape
yeah and it's well executed something
was happening before yeah and the actual
story that's going on of course it
stretched out over three hours but I
enjoyed the story I enjoyed the way it
unfolded yeah
there's sort of an escalation of the
action it's not just crazy the whole way
through
yeah yeah yeah I liked it oh and you
like the characters too yeah it takes
its time with them with getting getting
to like all the characters so would you
recommend this movie to to a general
audience yes I would
unless you're someone that's just very
very opposed to watching a movie with
subtitles because yeah you have to kind
of keep up a lot of times they talk fast
and you're like but if you have to if
you're someone that doesn't mind
subtitles then yeah this is a movie that
can really play to any audience not that
this is has anything to do with Indian
culture but it's good to see other types
of movies that exist
sure absolutely so after the crazy
over-the-top fun robot antics of robot
what did we see next well Jay the next
film that we saw was called the last
circus and it's a film from Spain about
a sad clown and a bad clown who both
become mad clowns
dony Nazarian contigo o sk y OC r pegaso
triste yo yo neva bravia hora
hey it's it's essentially about a guy
who's a clown is his father was a clown
in in the the Spanish revolution the
civil war of 1937
yes um when when the Franco regime took
over and he's forced to fight in the
army briefly and he hacks people up with
a knife and then he gets put in a prison
then his son breaks him out of prison by
blowing a stick of dynamite and then he
gets killed by the Spanish general yes
and then specifically by the generals
horse oh yes he gets worse and worse
yeah and crushes his rib cage and he
spits of blood and then the little kid
pushes the general off the horse and the
general falls on a spike that goes
through his eye yes so that's the
backstory and on the movie really starts
then the movie really starts yeah they
flash forwards to about 1970 something
yeah and then he joins a circus a fucked
up circus where the the the head guy the
head clown in the circus is a psychopath
well as this clown is the funny clown
yes our hero is the sad clown right and
the funny clown is the star of the
circus the whole thing revolves around
him he's what draws in the crowds so
he's the the superstar he's sort of the
guy in charge yeah it takes a lot of
dark turns um and then and then it takes
more dark turns now
well a love triangle develops between
the Acrobat very similar to robots yeah
yeah the the Acrobat woman the movie
goes off the rails yeah
so to speak very much at a certain point
but the whole time I enjoyed it very
much so sure visually it's a great movie
oh well I love that it takes place in
the circus but it's shot like a war
movie or something like yeah a lot of
handheld camera work very desaturated
coolers three bleak looking
it was it was enjoyable to watch but I'm
like what the fuck I was yeah because
the first half of the movie is is
different than the second half yeah it
kind of feels like the Sun can have kind
of took this different turn and not just
in terms of the movie but the characters
yeah yeah like the the main character
goes nuts but it just kind of comes out
of nowhere like he's awkward and weird
early on but he's not a psychopath yeah
and the movie just sort of becomes like
a bizarro cult movie and the second half
it's just like filled with possibilities
for visual metaphors for metaphors about
things because you get circus you got
religion you've got all these things in
there war so there was just like lots of
visual symbolism all over the place and
then after a while I'm just like just
sort of sort of overloaded napped
apartment I didn't know what what the
movie was exactly trying to say yeah
there could be a language barrier
language and culture barrier but but
visually it was great
well there were moments like with the
circus it kind of reminded me of like a
like a Zhang pairs Jen a movie would
like the takes place in the circus and
there's all these quirky characters
there's the guy who's trying to do the
evil knievel type bike jobs but he keeps
it in the wall and that's sort of
whimsical and charming but then there's
really like fucked up like sex while
beating the woman scenes and and really
dark weird nonsense like that so yeah I
cut all over the place in a really
interesting way like you're not gonna be
bored watching this movie no you're just
gonna be confused
okay garrison finest Husted porque si no
fuera padilla so cdio necesito who's
your tambien so would you recommend the
last circus mmm not to Grandma
that's for sure attends on the audience
I suppose yeah it's it's a very depends
on the audience it's it's a dark movie
it's a weird movie it's all over the
place and it's um it's violence and it's
fucked up so if you like those kind of
things you'll probably enjoy it
I wish I could have seen more films at
the Milwaukee Film Festival 2011 why
didn't you see more I had cataract
surgery I heard a lot of movies
oh we were there you just didn't nicing
right I had bandages over both of my
eyes they decided it would be best to do
both cataract surgeries at the same time
the doctor said he thought it would be
funny oh yeah I think so I did go to all
the films but I did not see them the
worst was the silent film hmm I really
had no fucking idea what was happening
in that movie so have you ever been
skydiving I've never been skydiving no I
I know someone who's been skydiving oh
yeah
or was it just someone I pushed out of
an airplane so I wish we could have seen
more films at the Milwaukee Film
Festival but you know maybe next year
when we have some a little more time oh
my god time that reminds me I forgot to
tell you what is this I invented a time
machine
what yeah why didn't you tell me about
that I don't know I just never found the
right time oh my god yeah it works like
this you you activate the time beam and
now I'm so sorry oh gosh actually yeah
that the time beam will give you cancer
oh Christ
how long does it have to be pointed at
you to give you cancer um it's actually
measured in in milliseconds or was it
microseconds anyway I'm very sorry you
should probably go see a doctor as soon
as you can it's most likely going to be
a malignant brain tumor
I'm pissed about the cancer I'm really
sorry but anyways yeah it's it's it's
amazing holy shit do you know what we
could do with that go back in time so
that we could be extras in the Mel
Gibson film the patriot no no you
fucking retard remember that party we
had a few weeks ago and while we're
there we could tell Heath Ledger that
he's going to die but the funny thing is
we'll tell him he dies in a different
way I'm uncomfortable with all of this
no no you remember that party we had a
few weeks ago yes I remember the party
we didn't remember yeah that's the night
the VCR was stolen if we went back in
time to that party and took the VCR
before it gets stolen what are you
getting at what if we went back in time
to that party and took the VCR before it
gets stolen that my friend it's a
brilliant idea oh shit oh I'm sorry but
yeah you're right that's a brilliant
idea let's go oh where did you freeze oh
I don't know I haven't hit the button
yet I just want to think of old TV shows
the fries and the leads appear well you
know this isn't that oh this is a highly
technological piece of equipment it's
calculating the time circuits and how
fast we sent a woman at least a minute
Jesus Christ what are you so angry just
sit here until the thing takes us it's
about ready God so fucking impatient
with the time machine fucking stupid
idiot let's go
Wow
I don't remember any of this
but who would have thought we can throw
such an awesome party
who are oh look there's the VCR yes
let's get it alright
snap on ya the VCR okay I'm gonna get it
I got it all right I'm up in this bigger
book just leaving with the VCR yep I'll
be right behind you
oh go ahead go ahead Jay Oh mmm now sit
down you wait the DVDs yeah oh wow look
it worked
yeah we got the VCR back yeah you know I
just thought of something
what's that what if it was us that stole
the VCR all along oh I think you just
melted my brain it's called a causality
loop what does that mean it means that
we created the problem that we tried to
fix that's so crazy
mm-hmm well I'm gonna go kill myself now
oh my god holy cow holy shit look it's
Lady Gaga I love your music
oh no no I'm playing it's
great-great-great-grandson and I've come
from the future but wait mr. plinkus
says he doesn't have any children he
doesn't yet in a few years he gets a
little bit freaky with a prostitute yeah
I hate my great-great-great-grandmother
anyway hand me the VCR why would you go
back in time for a VCR hey that's what
we did
oh yeah where I come from those things
are highly sought after by collectors
why I could probably get about a billion
space dollars for that one right there
now hand it over
yeah but why do you want that VCR
specifically number one it's broken and
number two you can get a VCR anywhere
any thrift store will have like ten of
them for sale there's just like five
bucks shut up stop asking me perfectly
logical questions and hand over that
thing
all right fine here oh shit I broke my
time machine I can't get back to the
future well that's a pickle isn't it
well I'm off to the whorehouse hey
what's going on here who's that guy he
looks just like me I don't remember
having a twin
after a rapper I was born my mother said
she wasn't going to have any more
because she didn't like me very much
Oh oh my groin
