Oct 25, 2012
Sinister and Paranormal Activity 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6t5J8j__JNY
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/261492788594622464
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/272423849527495
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-sinister-and-paranormal-activity-4

Half in the bag.
oooh, get fucked.
all right Russell candy for the kids
we're back oh oh my god oh oh god help
me
Oh chick up oh my god what happens
I knocked mister blink it down I hit him
with the fucking door holy shit
should we help him up what mr. plinkus
should we help him off the goddamn
ground
oh yeah uh mr. blanket are you oh my god
are you okay I'll be fine I'm a little
startled but I think I'll be okay I
think mr. blankets dead you know we just
get back into his house we have a new
opportunity to steal money for them
again and this happens huh I'm fortunate
yeah oh look it's a Medicare check you
know I've heard stories about people to
collect these four years after some old
fuck dies we could just do that Jay
you're a gentleman and a scholar so how
are we gonna get rid of his dead body we
could maybe feed them to pigs or dump
them in a vat of acids maybe uh throw
them in some wet concrete mm-hmm all
those options are too hard and they
require us to leave the house yeah let's
just bury him under the floorboards we
can cover up the smell of decomposition
with the new Mariah Carey perfume won't
that just make the smell worse yes
oh I should do it all right good work
now we just sit back relax and the free
money Oh in it's so easy that it's scary
hey speaking of ethan hawke daughter
murdering him and his entire family have
you seen sinister spoilers new details
today in the grocery murders of a local
family found earlier this week I didn't
want to move here we couldn't afford to
live in the old house anymore
plus the news story I'm writing is here
there's a story a good one this time I'm
gonna write the best book that anybody's
ever read in Sinister Ethan Hawke plays
a true crime novelist that unnecessarily
moves his entire family into the home of
a recent mass murder to try and write a
book about the unsolved crime it turns
out that not only this murder but a
series of murders dating back centuries
are the evil work of a demonic creature
called bug owl played by a former member
of the band Slipknot despite your first
impressions based on the fact that the
movies villain is named by ghoul the
movie is in fact not a comedy Mike what
did you think of sinister you know I
have to I have to go with the the
middle-of-the-road reaction here which
is the least interesting of reactions
yeah
but had some scary stuff in it had some
really kind of scenes that that seemed
overly long didn't redundant redundant
definitely lots of redundant dialogue
and good performances though yeah yeah
middle of the road is the the same
reaction I had it's if you're looking
for a movie to see in theaters around
Halloween time like a scary movie it's
completely acceptable as that it's a
passable Halloween movie
you gotta be kidding me
filling out barbecues
that's the family who lived here yeah
the bag cool
the plot is yeah like you said ethan
hawke moves his family into a murder
house the film opens with a kind of a
real creepy genuinely creepy well done
image of a family being hung from a tree
yeah
and then he finds like eight millimeter
films up in the attic of other murders
and that stuff is well done the eight
millimeter film looks authentic it
doesn't look like a cheap video effect
that they added to something else yeah
they may have actually shot those things
on eight millimeter it looked pretty
good yeah very grainy very creepy well
is also the way the the scenes were
executed of him watching it like I like
the fact that the foot is just silence
and you just hear the projector playing
um and it's also accompanied by what I
always like in horror movies words it's
sort of a combination of score and
ambient noise where you're not sure at
times if it's part of the music or it's
just like creepy ambient noise and I
thought those things did that really
well you think these are serial murders
I don't know
first time I found dates back to the 60s
do you link between all these cases is
the symbol these symbol is associated
with a pagan deity named buck cool he
consumes the souls of human children but
bagel is where the problems come in
because the opening stuff is creepy but
then there's no sort of attempt to make
it much of a mystery it's like oh it's a
demon there's not that is it is it you
know a real person is it a real person
is it someone imitating this McCool
thing it's just a demon yeah it's a
dumb-looking demon else name is bagool
and every time they said his name I
chuckled the movie runs out of steam in
the middle towards the end when there's
a mystery set up where he's looking
through the film footage and then he's
kind of figuring out the series of
events of course you know it's about
ghoul because we've seen the trailer but
yeah that's it I give it all away
imagery yeah the trailer is like he has
the video chat with the
expert on ancient symbols and he's like
it's a demon dog named by ghoul and that
that part really kind of shattered a lot
of tension for me because that guy is
like yeah you you have a big ol problem
here's what the thing is yeah he eats
children or whatever and like oh okay
I would have preferred him like opening
some old textbook in like the library
and dusting it out I don't do that
movies anymore
they have to go it on skype they do
they're there they do Google searches
yeah Skype really doesn't make something
horrific now no but so he tells him he
has a big ol problem and then you're
like how do I solve the bagua problem I
don't know no he doesn't know
no one knows there's no like conflict
resolution issues having its do you have
a big ol problem yell with yell at your
wife that that will create dramatic
tension is shouting yeah it has that
that problem of drama is shouting in a
lot of scenes there's a scene that seems
to go on forever where him and his wife
or arguing in the bedroom and it's just
like the same argument over and over the
scene feels like it's ten days long it
was fairly realistic though cuz lots of
arguments are people shouting the same
thing over and over again - sure no
movie like this that's not very
compelling you know no really Christians
believe that Boogle actually lived in
the images themselves and that they were
gateways into his realm
children exposed to the images were
especially vulnerable to but ghouls
abductions we are what are you doing hmm
I want to paint her picture who are you
talking about stephanie hughes delivery
I found that element more interesting
the washed up true crime novelist yeah I
haven't had a hit in a hit novel in 10
years and he's like the wife saying you
know hey maybe we should go back to
writing textbooks and he's like so that
that part where he moves the family into
the house I was ok with well his
character I was ok with the fact that
he's sort of addicted family I was ok
with but like considering they're sort
of in having financial issues because he
hasn't written a hit book and so long
like why would he move into this why
would he buy a house yeah why would he
move his entire family across the
country is this really bizarre yeah I
think they're going for a thing where
the writer would he would prosper more
in the actual house creatively and it
was sort of like I think it was a cool
thing like sort of like a you know your
because the sort of creepy demonic
influence yes in the logic of the movie
like one crime one family's killed and
then they're killed in the house of the
former family that was in there who was
killed in a former house is it where
it's like like bug Google has like a
link to from each murder scene to the
next yeah and I think maybe there was
some sort of yeah like like demonic
influence perhaps what did he do before
houses uh I think people have always
lived in houses always the bagua dates
back to the the Middle Ages they said in
the movies ok I think it was even older
so I think they said that so but maybe
yeah eventually bug will ended up in the
United States he gone he was on like the
Mayflower oh my god oh oh oh my god mr.
plinkus Halloween dish fell over yeah
all by itself that's really weird
it's not even candy it's filled with
bolts and nuts and stuff do you think
Plunkett did that on purpose or he just
doesn't know what he's doing if he might
just be delusional it's probably a good
thing that we killed him then yeah back
to the bug wall movie yes I like the
idea of a true crime novelist trying to
write his next novel in the site of a
murder scene and I like the ideas of the
murder
I like the the eight-millimeter films
the events how people work ways people
were killed were genuinely disturb'd
yeah just just the the one thing that
didn't work for me was the supernatural
element yeah the bagua the whole like
the he eats children the eater of
children but Google really reminded me
of like a Ghostbusters cartoon show
villain mmm like Egon is going to come
out with Tobin's spirit guide and say
this is Peggle the eater of children oh
it's funny because when I saw the
trailer they say that the demons name
babul I immediately thought of the made
for Disney movie from the 80s called mr.
Boogedy like mabul sounds like mr.
Boogedy and then in the movie they show
the little kids drawings and they call
him mr. boogie I really I think there
may be implying that that's where the
name boogeyman came I suppose my ghoul
yeah but um yeah the name kind of sounds
stupid
um the look of him so yeah little silly
it looked a little silly the children
with the makeup on was not creepy as so
much look like little kids with
Halloween makeup on there was no steps
to take to stop the bagel and you harder
to stop like Nightmare on Elm Street
okay if Freddie kills people in your
dreams I have an idea I'm going to fall
asleep and I'm going to grab Freddie
because I've learned from previous
scenes that I grabbed Freddie's hat and
I was able to pull it into the real
world
yeah so I'm going to attempt to grab
Freddie in my dream and you wake me up
and hit him with a baseball bat there's
a plan didn't quite work out that way
no but they had a plan and in this movie
there is no kind of plan and you know
without giving away the ending or dating
yeah so yeah it just sort of ends it
just sort of ends yeah
what's the matter what's happened it's
the kids packed a car we have to leave
here now so one thing I really liked
about this movie was the the main
character played by Ethan Hawke
I appreciate what fuck oh my god
must be a brownout or something huh you
know I never noticed how creepy blankets
house was when the lights are off yeah I
have never noticed that weird green
vampire mist outside his window Oh weird
Wow
hopefully it doesn't get inside and turn
us into vampires anyway as I was saying
um yeah I really liked Ethan Hawke in
the movie I liked his character I liked
that they weren't too worried about
making him overly sympathetic mm-hmm it
seems like the lead characters and a lot
of these type of movies are just
horribly generic but he's kind of a dick
yeah he's an alcoholic he's more
concerned with Fame at this point that
is his family's well-being
yeah there's a nice little moment when
he's like he's like this is my legacy my
books are my leg and she's like no your
wife and kids are you know fucking yeah
yeah yeah it's an interesting character
or lead for a horror movie and um I got
what he deserved in the end didn't he
so Mike would you recommend buggle the
movie um you know I'm gonna go from no
on this one
it wasn't a bad movie but I can't
recommend a movie just because it wasn't
bad I can only well you have done that
before I guess so yeah but this one I'm
gonna make an exception uh you know it
depends on the it depends on the movie
you have this one it was good it had
some really scary moments and it some
really creepy visuals overall though I
didn't get much out of it and you know I
I wouldn't recommend spending $50 and
then outing at the movie when you can
watch this on Netflix in two months from
do not I mean I do because it wasn't
like if you want to go see a good scary
movie for Halloween it's fun um
definitely see this over paranormal
activity for um but you know it's in
it's in the middle so Jay would you
recommend bed ghoul to electric begu
Lulu the ghoul to the bagu quo no um
well yeah like you said it is very
middle of the road which is sort of the
worst kind of movie because it's not
terribly memorable I I if you really
like horror films and you're one of
those people that just likes to see a
horror movie in the theater around
Halloween time I guess I would recommend
it yeah it's got some creepy visuals
it's got some good stuff in it the sort
of a mix between that and the the bad
stuff and be nice to take some of these
horror visuals and put them in a better
script yeah dunno I mean the script was
awful it was serviceable but it was kind
of lame yeah so overall unmemorable but
it has its moments and I don't know blah
you hear that
it sounds like like uh sounds like
whispering yeah where's it coming from
his like the TV's off you know Mike I
think blankets house might be haunted
oh sorry there belt I have a rapid
heartbeat from indigestion oh I thought
for a second there maybe you felt guilty
or something guilty about what mmm about
when we buried blanket under the
floorboards why would I feel guilty
about that I don't know did you hear
that oh my god
I think blinken's house might be haunted
I should call
who you gonna call paranormal
investigators oh hi there Jesus I'm Zach
I'm Liz and we're from Wilmot beer warm
up pull up BRS what my what my peers
yeah
Wisconsin and Milwaukee area paranormal
research and investigation society wow
this place is haunted can you make it
not haunt it anymore it's not that
simple we have to determine what kind of
haunting it is before we can do anything
about it right we'll gather some
evidence and decide what your best
course of action is whether you need to
help a lost soul cross over or get a
priest in here to perform a blessing and
so on the fuck is a priest
it's uh where are these people um any
information you have about the history
of the house would be useful has anyone
passed here recently if I passed you
mean
I accidentally knocked them over and
then a cabinet fell on them crushing
their skull then no no that no well um
we'll begin our investigation then if
you guys want to come back in a couple
hours we'll let you know what we find
okay you wanna go see a movie sure what
should we see I want to see that new
movie called here comes the boom
starring Kevin Smith oh my god oh how
about paranormal activity for I really
really want to see that one those movies
are an insult to us and our profession
Wow these fucking weirdos don't want to
see it maybe there's something to it
yeah yeah I would go see this movie
let's go see paranormal activities for
okay let's go
you
this is EVP session number one is anyone
here is there anyone here that would
like to talk to us did you die here huh
did you hear that oh I just got a spike
on the EMF let's go back to the ghost
lab and examine the audio
Zach come here I found something what is
it here listen this it sounds like he's
saying he's in pain yeah
that's not all here listen to this
this is amazing we have a class-a EVP we
might actually have an intelligent
haunting we should get back to old man
blankets house right
hey know what show you something else
first right whoa calm down stop the
sweet track there ed let's boogie
okay
it's on you kid from across the street
his name is Robbie yeah his mama in the
hospital so he's just gonna stay that he
has no relatives I don't know I've never
met his mom I can't believe we just
watched paranormal activity for I was
speaking of paranormal
I wonder how Liz and Zak are doing who
Paranormal Activity four is the new
Paranormal Activity movie it's about 90
minutes long and features actors
pretending to be other people in a
fictional setting called a movie in this
movie something haunts people and then
things happen the scariest of which is
the fact that people actually paid money
to see this movie Jay what did you think
of paranormal activity for Misha just
call it the the new Paranormal Activity
movie let's just say another one maybe
the name of the movie they should call
it paranormal inactivity yes nothing
fucking happens on the movie I'm willing
to bet you're the first person to ever
make that joke - do you think so
probably um yeah I oh my god well this
movie sucks first of all we'll start
with that yeah that's first fair to say
this movie was utterly devoid of
anything
cinematic anything scary anything
interesting
well in reference to your cinematic
comment you just made I think that's
part of the gimmick of course I
understand that but the the the will the
first movie yeah well it should be noted
I think you and I both seen paranormal 1
& 2 yes and forth but not the third one
I watched while I saw the first
paranormal activity back when it was
first released I saw the second one
because it was the only one that was on
Netflix I watched it in preparation for
seeing the new one for this review
basically and the pattern emerged very
very quickly into the second one and I
you know there's movies that are
successful that I may hate but I can
understand why they're successful but
when it comes to these movies
I for lack of any better expression I
just don't fucking get it I do not get
what anyone sees in these movies they
are so boring what's he doing um yeah
the first one is low-budget it had a
couple of little like oh the doors
slowly closing and like I really didn't
get it like as far as what was scary
about it um well the other thing about
the first one is um it shows you know
he's recording every night while he
sleep to see if something happens
so they show the footage of them
sleeping and there's the timestamp and
it's sped up because they're running
through the night and then it goes to
normal time and the minute that
timestamp slows down to normal time
you're like okay something's gonna
happen now yeah why else would they slow
it to normal speed let's examine this
dream
okay let's examine why people like these
movies and and I was thinking about it
and there is nothing inherently scary
about the Paranormal Activity movies
because I watch I am interested in
paranormal activity i watch a lot of
those ghosts investigation shows I'm
kind of curious about it I find it
interesting and I think I might be a
little desensitized because I watch a
lot of those ghost hunting shows okay
where they actually I mean whether or
not you believe it or not it's you know
up to you but whether or not they
capture like real evidence or or shows
about real stories of ghost hauntings
yeah you say this is this you know you
believe them or not whatever but they
they're they're portraying it as a real
story in the movie context you know it's
fictional and you know it's not real um
so what is scary about it it's not any
kind of ideas because the shining isn't
real but that's a scary movie well that
that's because it's cinematic and
there's craftsmanship involved there's
more to it than just shots of empty
rooms and then a chair moves yeah the
chair moving in itself isn't scary the
fact that a paranormal entity might be
moving the chair is scary but that's
only scary if it's an actual video in
real life right in the movie version of
security camera footage catching ghosts
things
there's nothing scary about it no and
they also those sequences make up about
5% of each of these movies right and the
end the other 95% is named dialogue
shots of people sitting around doing
nothing
shots of empty rooms yeah it is it is
the least it's like watching paint dry
yes so boring and I this is the first
one we saw in the theater and I was
curious to see it in the theater because
I wanted to see how a general audience
reacts like what the purpose of going to
these movies is because these scares in
these movies are the definition of a
jump-scare
they are our dead silence dead silence
dead silence loud noise or sudden burst
attention and that is not scary on any
sort of psychological level what it is
is startling so why don't I know it
you're jumping because of a loud noise
after being loads into boredom from the
rest of the movie so we were watching
the fourth one in the theatre and we
noticed that people were just sort of
chatting during most of the movie when
it's just like people sitting around or
a boring dialogue about whatever daily
life stuff but then when it would show
like someone sleeping flat angle
everyone would go oh yeah they were
anticipating it and then down whatever
the knife fell from the ceiling or the
chair moved or whatever and everyone go
ah and then they go back to chatting
why would you waste money for on getting
that experience it writes me of that
baby video on the internet on the baby
laughs when they run like dad goes boom
oh the baby's just waiting and he's like
happy and he's like um I compare these
movies to a haunted house you know it's
not haunted you go in it and it has the
the environment of scary things but
the only you're not scared of the the
plastic Dracula the coffin yeah you're
scared when the plastic Dracula pops out
of the coffin and startles you yeah
that's but it's in it's in the
environment of the haunted house these
movies aren't even in that environment
they're in like like rich white people's
houses yeah like there's something scary
about your you're in ground swimming
pool I'm not scared
like III I know what they're trying to
do in the first one and but the first
one I'm like okay I'm watching it I'm
like I know this is a low-budget movie
is this the only location they had to
film it is this the guy's house that
made the movie I don't know because it's
a it's a rich white people house and in
somewhere in San Diego California and
I'm like okay or is the idea that it's
scary because hauntings can happen
anywhere even in in in rich white people
homes is that is that what their angle
is because really like you could add the
head the movie be like where this couple
moves into a new old Victorian mansion
New England somewhere you know and and
they're like we hear creaking sounds
let's start setting up video cameras and
for me that would have been better
because at least would have had a better
environment but I think they were going
for the this can happen anywhere kind of
things that the contrast between yes
very fussing it continues to happen in
the next three films or at least the
second and fourth one yeah the fourth
one is same thing it's it's wealthy
white people that have an infinite
number of laptops that have an infinite
number of levels why do they have so
many laptops mmm look at that what is
that looks like a triangle with a circle
right there that's it what does it mean
he does not bake what doesn't like me
you'll find out
why you need to tell me what's going on
I don't want you to get hurt
the first one was a guy with a video
camera filming things the second one was
um we got our house broken into so let's
set up 16 security cameras inside our
house we has completely irrational no
one wants a camera filming them in their
living room you fucking set up a
security camera outside of your house
aimed away from it at the entrances yeah
you don't film your own living room this
is completely ridiculous but you can you
can shrug it off in the logic of the
movie whatever and the fourth one is um
everyone always has a camera on them at
some point well that raises another
question is who's editing this footage
yeah it doesn't matter well no and the
fourth one it really drove me nuts
because they were constantly cutting on
dialogue there's lots of like jump cuts
it's like why are you editing it this
way yeah why would you edit it this way
oh because because that makes it more
real they're trying to the best part was
when the woman in front of us would a
light of dialog got cut off at the end
of its sentence and this was after
multiple earlier jump cuts she just goes
what's going on it's like you you've
lost your audience movie
don't worry Jay they've they've lost
their audience and they've turned on
them
it's hard to examine because you can say
what what makes something scary and it's
like it's like saying why is something
funny
yeah it's obviously very subjective its
objective and it's a it's a human
emotion reaction to something like
that's creepy
someone else might not find that creepy
you went and then you say why is it
creepy and people go because it's creepy
yeah these movies it's loud noises it's
the jump scare thing yeah and that's as
I said before that's startling that's
not scary to me creepy to me is the
stuff that sort of sticks with you and
gets under your skin and you're thinking
about it days later these are movies
where they're built entirely around a
loud noise startling you and and nothing
else it's a haunted house right but I
want to go on the Paranormal Activity
Universal Studios tour
oh where you just walk around like a
rich person's house and then oh fuck did
that come from up oh this is a really
nice kitchen like really like your did
that door just open itself that must be
the automated system in the house it's
really advanced it's like it's like a
you know someone's not in the room so it
closes it no no it goes to that what
okay the tour is over thank you
are you writing this in the little car
and it goes slowly through the kitchen
none of the mothers in the kitchen
washing the dishes you go man look it's
a really nice granite countertop see we
just hadn't put it okay we're going on
the living room now
dad's on the couch watching a bunch of
the football yeah hey did you see that
there's the little kids standing on the
top of your stairs what oh now they're
gone boo
that scared me right what is that this
movie makes Jack and Jill look like a
modern masterpiece of effort do you ever
think you would be saying that no no I I
have not felt such cynicism since Jack
and Jill you feel cheated watching this
yeah because the first movie is sort of
it was a low-budget thing established as
its own style it what I think what got
that movie so big was the marketing
behind it
because they were sort of promoting it I
mean it was being released to Paramount
Pictures their major studio it got
picked up by a studio but they were
promoting it as like this little movie
and is going to frighten you it's going
to fright you they show the audience
reaction shots of people gasping and
they also had this thing online where
you had to go to their website and
demand that it come to your city like
this little movie it can't get to your
city unless you demand it so they built
this hype around it like oh man this is
going to be the most terrifying thing
ever I want to make sure it comes to my
city like it's almost an audience
participation before you even get into
the theater and it's it's all hype it
was all marketing yeah more so than the
actual product well that's the thing is
most audience members probably won't
think about that element and that's what
I'm thinking about when I watch it I'm
like there's no opening credits there's
no music there's nothing in this movie
and they're they're shooting it on video
of course of some kind and the the the
plot a lot of it the first like 20
minutes I'm watching it and there's
people like playing in the pool they're
talking about getting dinner and
groceries and you say like well that's
um that's them just establishing the
characters and stuff like I don't even
know if they had a script and they just
a be sure they did but they just start
filming people like you know and it's
like this isn't doing anything like you
know the basic rule is like every line
of dialogue in a movie or every scene
should advance the plot in some way and
that this feels like filler now just
like okay here's these people live in a
house but you can make up the bottoms
cooking dinner yeah you can make a movie
that doesn't follow the rules and you
can make a movie that's sort of
unconventional but that doesn't feel
like what this is doing at all well it
gets to that point of familiarity that's
I think the case with this series so
it's really English yeah it's Halloween
there's another Paranormal Activity
movie out I'll go see that because those
are scary in theory but they're not
though yeah that's it and it's they're
clearly scary to someone yeah I don't
know like I can see the concept of like
a movie
in done in this way with the camera
footage and stuff and doing it too
intense too quickly would sort of really
just shatter it yeah like there's only
so much you can do with lockdown camera
footage and the second you have the door
blow open and the bed float above the
the room and all this wind go everywhere
and my the second you do that you're
done yeah and so I could see them doing
it slowly but they don't even build up
to that
now they build up to someone pushing
someone into a camera and then going
back and then it ends yeah that's what
they build up to over the course of an
hour and a half well a good movie to
compare this to then is of course the
Blair Witch projects that's kind of the
movie that started the whole
found-footage thing technically there's
a movie called the last broadcast that
came out first but whatever Blair Witch
Project is the one that people saw and
was a huge hit that's a movie that is
not really about the Blair Witch it's
not about the jump scares it's not about
it's it's about people unravelling and
and you really feel like you're watching
that progress throughout the movie and
you're engaged in it because these feel
like real people you and then as we said
before you know it's a movie but you're
engaged more because there's something
interesting happening with the
characters and and the abrupt ending
feels Ern's with these movies they feel
like they exist solely for the abrupt
ending the last five seconds of the
movie where someone looks at the camera
and they turn into a CGI demon face and
then that's the end of the movie there's
no characters to latch on to there's
nothing interesting happening there the
Blair Witch Project is now not about the
Blair Witch the Paranormal Activity
movies are about the paranormal activity
it's a haunted house right
and and you know what people eat it up
but but really like I would I would
understand if the Paranormal Activity
movies were like one scene after the
other of laughs like shit happening yeah
oh my god the whole fucking house is
shaking like but but the there's nothing
intellectual or interesting or creative
or engaging about any of these movies
it's simply people going liking the the
fact that something scares them yeah
smarter people know better but at the
same time the movies are incredibly
boring so it becomes a catch-22 how do
people that are easily bored and stupid
like something that is so boring yeah at
the same time yeah this isn't even a
case of us being like snobbish like how
could someone like that it's more where
I feel like an alien right like what
what planet am I on where people are
enjoying this like it's so confusing
yeah we kind of make fun of movies like
fast and furious and stuff like that
because they're not smart movies but
they they're fast moving and I could see
the appeal to people that that like
those kind of movies but but Paranormal
Activity movies are they're so boring
I'd uh
they're waiting for a knowing that
they're waiting for exactly what they're
expecting which is the exact opposite of
tension or drama or suspense well what
might be scary would be if we understood
any sort of motivation of the demon or
the coven of witches or whatever the
fuck is going on the whole point of this
fourth movie is the girl from the first
movie is now possessed by some sort of
demon and there's a whole coven of
people that worship this Steven and the
little kid that lives across the street
they want to get that kid they want to
put the new demon into that kid it's
like the plot to ghostbusters - so why
why is the demon fucking around for the
whole movie why don't they just barge in
and get the kid well that's why I said
well in the movie I'm like why is this
even playing with the knife yeah there's
a part in the movie where the mom's
chopping stuff in the kitchen with a
knife she turns around and then you see
the knife fly out of frame why does that
why is the demon even doing that you
know a horrible waste of time
you know why J why cuz scary
would you would you recommend paranormal
activity for would you recommend it to
two people as much as I would recommend
having diarrhea
I don't what does that mean it's cold in
here 63 degrees and falling
did you hear that footsteps oh my god
I'm scared let's leave no we have to
find out what tier we have to find out
what's haunting this place you know Jay
all this talk of paranormal activity has
made me wonder how things are going over
at the old planket house yeah maybe we
should check in with the paranormal
investigators yeah but let's call first
before we head over oh hey guys mr.
Plunkett
you're not dead I mean you're covered in
dirt we heard him scratching under the
floorboards somebody buried him under
there what kind of monster would do that
we urged him to go to the hospital but
he refused um fine fire perhaps me all
the time turns out that you guys didn't
have a ghost at all it was just mr.
Plunkett under the floorboards making
noise I thought I was in Hell well it
looks like our work here is done come on
Liz we've got that a a meeting tonight
oh right hi guys bye thank you for your
help so mr. plinkus
it appears that you're not dead after
all I guess not
I just wish I could remember who the
hell knocked me out and break me under
the fucking floor Hey it was blacks oh I
make sense the funny thing is though
once the power went out the house
started acting like it was haunted it
was really weird that's why we called
the paranormal investigators oh but my
house is haunted what what look
yeah she's better since I moved in her
name's Sally or Samantha I don't know
something stupid like that
yeah she's better the whole time don't
you remember they're always a ghost er
there's a couple little digital you know
effects to enhance certain things but
for the most part it was real we always
got to come to my fucking house when
you're on vacation can't you go to
Florida or somewhere nice just fuckin
New Jersey the fuck does that
Wow I need to stop drinking I need to
stop snorting comet occasionally she'll
make the walls bleed or she tells me to
get out sometimes she'll make loud
noises but yeah whatever I'm used to it
by now I think she's just bored no that
gives me an idea
you missed the spot
