May 25, 2012
Battleship and Dark Shadows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOFv11pEQ9M
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/206005434597912576
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/241742822601824
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-battleship-and-dark-shadows

Half in the bag.
?od ot retteb gnihtyna evah uoy t'nod ,yeH
Jay, if I may be so bold, I'd like to make a suggestion.
I recommend that you check out the documentary works of Mr. Kenneth Burns.
They're quite stunning, really.
Oh, I do love documentaries.
Yes, I'm sure you do.
You know, Jay I've been thinking about it, and after all these years, it's finally come to me.
I'm pretty sure that OJ did it.
I mean, they had all that evidence, like the white glove, and footprints.
You know, so I'm fighting with my insurance company lately to get my breast reduction surgery.
But they won't pay for it because I'm not a lady.
Shit.
I got bigger tits a Miley Cyrus.
And I seen hers on an internet porno site.
I wonder if this door is open.
What?
Hey, let's sneak in here.
What?
Where did you go?
Wh-, what?
The hell are you doing?
why would we come
into an abandoned warehouse because we
have to hide okay we're being followed
hide followed J we both look like
homeless people who would want to follow
us twinken what plink its following us
okay he knows about her scam and now he
wants his money back I can feel it J
that is truly crazy talk well even worse
than that I think he may have planted
homing devices in our brains Jay have
you taken your medication today
in fact do you take medication coz
you're probably sure look I made this
okay
it'll help block out the signal what
oh my god oh my god what just happened I
just saw dark shadows and battleship
what do you mean you just saw them
they're in my brain wait shut up I have
an explanation for this some DLP films
are downloaded via satellite into the
theaters it's possible that your tinfoil
helmet picked up one of these signals
and somehow dark shadows and battleship
was downloaded into your brain
I want that'll ship out of my head give
me this thing
maybe I could download a porno movie on
it Oh Oh God
I also just saw battleship and Dark
Shadows Lord why have you forsaken me
aah
sir you may want to come take a look at
us
where did we find it just fished him
right out of the water
battleship is the new last big-budget
movie the Taylor Kitsch will ever be
starring him it tells the story of the
brave men and Rihanna who serve aboard
the naval destroyer John Paul Jones and
how they battle aliens that love to
splash around in the water so Jay what
did you think of battleship Oh
battleship you know there's a movie from
the early 80s called pieces it's like a
low-budget slasher movie and the poster
has giant chainsaw on it and like a
woman who's dead or dying and there's
blood and then the tagline is pieces
it's exactly what you think it is and
that could be the tagline at the end of
the battleship trailer because all those
elements that are set up in that trailer
are in the movie and everything plays
out exactly how you would expect you
ready for this your daughter is the best
thing that has happened to me in my
entire life what is wrong with you it's
corny its cliched it's pretty stupid but
it didn't make me angry watching it I
was kind of bored through most of it but
there are elements there are little
spikes throughout that made me laugh one
in particular that we'll get into or I
was laughing so hard I had tears in my
eyes and it was glorious and I wish
there was more of that in the movie but
most most of it was just sort of like
standard-issue
stuff for a movie of this type yeah I
thought well I I was thinking about this
afterwards and um I really loved this
movie by the way okay um well not really
but I was like you were entertained well
there it it created a new sub-genre it
we have these so bad it's funny this was
so dumb it's funny and I've never seen a
movie like that yeah um it was so
entertaining the first 20 minutes is
really slow and bad and we'll talk about
that soon I was really like I enjoyed a
lot of this and I was really like and
then there's certain things that happen
in the movie that are just so dumb that
they're fun those are the moments that I
like and
and I'm trying to like rationalize it
inside my brain like why does a Michael
Bay movie enrage me and why does this
movie why is this really fun
well the yeah the big comparison that
everyone's make been making with
battleship is the Transformers movies
Michael Bay movies aesthetically it
looks just like those like I see the
trailer it looks identical to a
Transformers movie I think the reason
why that we didn't hate it hate hate
yeah like the Transformers movies was
because the concept was dumb the script
was dumb
everything was dumb about it but it
remained kind of consistent like
character wise like the characters
didn't say stupid things well yeah and
totally like the like a bit like the
Transformers movies feel like five
different movies yes shoved together
there's there's dumber I'd like a fart
joke or yeah something and and it'll be
didn't have all and yeah and it's
streamlined story wise to or it's like
okay I understand who these people are
and what they're trying to do or I
visually understand what's happening it
action wise yeah yeah it makes it as it
was it was clear-cut that being said it
is horribly simplistic and the dialogue
is the dialogue is dumb but also this is
when we talk about the the bizarre
aspects of the movie the decision was
made to cast a lot of non actors in
major roles in this movie yeah first of
all being Rihanna
get your ass to CIC now but also there's
there's a guy and he has he has
prosthetic legs in the movie and it's
clear that they cast him because he's
actually missing it yeah give you
probably an actual army vet yeah maybe
if that's and he wasn't horrible he
every light is delivered completely flat
though yeah like what he says have you
ever seen an alien I haven't and they
turns and he walks away so his
performance is bad but then we get to
the glorious conclusion of the movie the
lead-up to the the end battle which was
where I was laughing so hard I was
crying which is it turns out that the
only people that know how to function
the only remaining working battleship
yeah
our veterans these old men yeah and they
cast real veterans you could tell that
they're not actual actors and it shows
no offense to them as vets of course
like sure sure respected them for that
but they did not openly it didn't stick
out to me like like well it's a
combination of them obviously not being
actors it's like you put your grandpa in
the movie but there's the montage of
them preparing the ship set to ac/dc and
it's supposed to be like badass
yeah a lot of bizarre scenes in this
movie things that just were weird weird
choices there's another scene in the
movie where the the girl in the movie
that's what she is she is the girl she's
a physical she's a physical therapist at
this this place and there's a montage of
her walking into the facility and it is
like badass like ac/dc music or
something like that plain and then
there's just a montage showing all the
people in the rehab place and like
stumps and missing limbs and she's
walking in all sexy and it's the most
bizarre like a music video yeah but it's
all these people with no legs or missing
hands anymore veteran yeah and it's so
weird there's even a shot where they pan
down on the guys like on his cell phone
like texting somebody and but I don't
know strange choices but that stuck out
all this stuff on the mountain when she
goes like climbing with the guy with no
legs yeah that felt like a 50s b-movie
that's shoved in there and then like
that annoying scientist character like
that whole subplot and then you bring
out the World War 2 veterans and and
then it becomes like kind of charming
schlock isn't something a real just like
happy load the cannon yeah they bring
out the old men and they're bringing out
the World War 2 battle because I guess
you have to have a battleship in the
middle yeah I guess yeah
why didn't they just kill us off what
the hell are you doing - let's talk
about why this movie was two and a half
hours long this movie would have been a
great little 90-minute film yeah well
everything about the movie this movie is
hard I'm a brain okay I'm surprised
that's flopping because it's it seems
like just a big action movie everyone
would just go waa well it's sort of
irritating that a movie like this flops
while Transformers movies are huge yeah
those are like incoherent nonsense yeah
yeah I guess because they pander to
every demographic you're gonna draw on
people from every audience Issei I don't
see being excluding many people you know
I don't know who did it it would exclude
except for like really like like film
snob or something maybe it's it's
explosion fatigue at this point people
are sick as a sniper like me I don't
want to see that yeah and and the the
dumbness surrounding the whole like you
know Hasbro board game kind of idea yeah
kind of people were just like yeah but
it could have been a really good
90-minute movie it was it was just
really long and it it felt lengths at
times like the first like half an hour
of the movie is is all the set up with
like you know the main character being
like a slacker type yeah it's like areas
now and there is it uh Wow they need to
look one scene like you're you're a
slacker kid what my daughter sees in you
it's a great mystery to me
enjoy these naval exercises hopper
they're likely to be your mask well
that's all done in a prologue and then
the title comes out battleship after
like 20 minutes or something and then
everything that they just established in
that prologue is reestablished
yeah and that also that opening has the
absolute worst meet-cute I've ever seen
in a movie where it's like I was
expecting because what happens is he
meets this girl at a bar and she says
she wants a chicken burrito chicken
grease so he runs across the street to
the gas station they're closed he breaks
in and the pink Panther's theme is
playing for some reason so he breaks in
and then he runs to give her the burrito
she can greet the cops taser him and
then he tries to handle the burrito she
can greet and then she smiles at him
chicken great chicken great chicken
great a chicken green a chicken green uh
chicken green I was waiting for that
reaction shot where she's like but it
doesn't happen she thinks it's charming
and then you have all the the sci-fi
elements which you have to really just
kind of go whatever because that's like
worse than like Independence Day or any
of those other movies as far as like
logic goes yeah the movie starts off
with them going we have project beacon
which is us sending the signal to an
earth-like world and and for some reason
the signal it shoots off like a laser
like you could physically see the space
signal and like for dummies like that
can't visualize that a space signal
would be invisible it has to be like
this high-powered laser yeah and it
shoots to the planet and it makes it to
the planet and for some reason that that
triggers aliens returning and landing in
our oceans and doing things yeah for no
reason at all and then they just want to
kill us all yeah well and logically like
if we found their planet and they're
more advanced than us then they probably
would have found our planet first yeah
and come here and the whole plot of the
movie revolves around them sending a
signal back to call for reinforcements
kind of like Star Trek first contact
where it's like we have to call for
reinforcements like well the planet
knows that they went there right I'm
assuming someone's gonna yeah someone
those are weird been back yet we better
send more looks like there's more coming
regardless of whether or not you shut
down the signal yeah um and and and then
it's like they're launching the signal
off and then their one scientist guys
like this is just gonna be like Columbus
in the Indian no yeah it's like in
reality you know you could send a signal
out to space and it takes 500 million
years for it to reach a planet and and
it's like what do you like he's
realistically worried that because they
send a signal out in space it's gonna
instantly bring that aliens that destroy
our planet right it's it's so ludicrous
as far as reality goes far as logic goes
yeah like it's like it was like a like a
like a children's film well it's a movie
made for dummies as far as like
everything being spelled out so
specifically the dialogue is like you've
got
get your life together or your
girlfriend's dad will never accept us
was the the park ranger or the cop that
came upon that was like a like out of a
50s movie yeah it's like you you've got
to get off this mountain there are
aliens among us something the reports
are saying the reports are in there are
aliens landing on the ocean where your
orders we're not going down without a
fight
but anyways um once the once the aliens
land its it's slightly interesting it's
a the battle stuff was fun I you know I
have to admit there was a certain point
in one of the action scenes though where
I kind of zoned out and forgot I was
watching a movie I just started thinking
about other things and it's like oh
right explosions well I liked how the
aliens had a bubble shield around the
ocean for no apparent reason oh yeah I
don't know what that was it was to lock
the one it was like specifically a story
element no it was it was to lock the one
ship in a bubble so that it had to be
the ship that saved the day there was no
other logical reason for them to put a
bubble around themselves
why did you enjoy this movie um Mahalo
mother
let me try to explain that please do I
thought the the action and the the
suspense and the way it was handled was
effective okay the movie is probably the
dumbest script I've ever seen it you
know what it reminded me of it reminded
me of an asylum script there's a company
called the asylum that makes they make
what are called mach busters oh that's
so there's a name for it they've created
their own genre
so like when transformers comes out in
theaters they have trans morphers and
it's just like a like a really low
budget copycat meant to trick like dads
now at the rental store
or they make the the Sharktopus versus
whatever kind of movies yeah and they're
they're shot super low budget they have
horrible special effects and the whole
movie revolves around people unlike a
submarine and it's the same set in every
movie yeah and they're saying lines and
the script really reminded me of that
caliber of script just on a huge budget
you know it's interesting is that the
asylum has made a battleship mock Buster
find out what the hell's going on
rediff are the big guns
fire
architecture
prepare to fire sir which weapons Oh
so would you recommend battleship and if
so to who that's the real question you
know I'm gonna have to say that I would
I would recommend it to general summer
movie audiences with with the asterisk
next to it that's like it's dumb it's
dumb but you know it's it's not as dumb
as you would expect well no it is as
dumb as you would expect it's exactly
what you think it is less painful than
you would expect what about you I would
not recommend it it was it was coherent
but it was still stupid and cliched I
would recommend it if it's on cable
maybe just so you can see the weird
stuff but then of the battle parts are
kind of well-done and exciting for it's
like for an action movie you know it's
like if you look back at like old like
Swartz and Egger movies and you know
like action movies from the 80s or you
like well it's an action movie yeah and
that's kind of what this felt like where
when when you look at the Transformers
movies where it's like it's beyond an
action movie it's just like commercially
driven pandering crap yeah that's like
offensively stupid something those 80s
movies have though the distant is like a
charming or an amusing lead just like
like a Schwarzenegger like Taylor Kitsch
is just like whatever
you
senna is that a homeless man in the
corner no hey
I think that's Johnny Depp he must be
getting into character for some new role
or something hey Johnny
we love your movies oh now that is just
a homeless man hey speaking of a
homeless man have you seen Tim Burton's
new movie my name is Barnabas Collins
two centuries ago I made Collinwood my
home my love until a jealous witch
cursed me condemning me to the shadows
for all time Dark Shadows is the latest
product from Tim Burton and Johnny Depp
loosely based on some goddamn soap opera
from the 1960s Dark Shadows is about a
man who was cursed by a witch and turned
into a vampire
after being buried alive for 200 years
he's unearthed in the 1970s to help his
descendants revive their fishing company
oh that's the plot yeah what did you
think of Dark Shadows well Jay um
Dark Shadows was watchable yeah that's a
good watchable it didn't the only thing
that stood out for me as being great in
the movie was Johnny Depp and I'm not a
person that likes Johnny Depp there's a
lot of like rabid fans of his so great
doing these crazy characters I liked him
in out wood and that's about all that
really stands out and you know people
may like throw things at me the greatest
thing ever like you know he's talented
you know but this he was he stole the
show house care to say um he had a
really funny performance in it and
really good lines yeah and that's all
that really stuck out for me the rest of
it was just watchable and you know I
don't quite see the point of it no and
that's the yeah I I ended up enjoying it
more than I thought I would but that's
because I went in with really low
expectation
I haven't liked hardly anything tim
burton's done in probably the last 15
years Sweeney Todd accepted he's always
been very good visually but he's a very
sloppy storyteller
and this is one where I don't know the
script is fine I guess
stories okay hit me Anders a bit in
places and there's a lot and it it
doesn't really know what it wants to be
tonally it's kind of all over the place
it's like it starts out as this sort of
gothic fairy tale type thing and I
actually like the prologue I thought
that was a more interesting story than
the rest of the movie yeah I thought
that would have worked as a movie and
maybe that is the plot of the 60s soap
opera I don't know but then it segues
into the 70s and there's like the
fish-out-of-water stuff but then there's
also uses tortured vampire character and
it's like yeah is this ghost story mixed
in yeah and then there's a love story so
it's all these different things and it
doesn't work as a whole but I enjoyed a
lot of the individual elements of yeah
like I liked the sort of gothic elements
of its some of the fish-out-of-water
stuff I thought it was amusing
they don't of that or not most of it all
of that is in the trailer yeah like
almost every gag is in the trailer sort
of misleading cuz it makes it look like
a goofy or movie that yes yummy future
Dada what is the year 1972 1972
my beloved Collin what Collins family
hell is this yeah but the movie overall
liked it it did feel like a soap opera
the way we was played out like all the
scenes there's some yeah very
melodramatic stuff and that was the
stuff I liked more than the comedy stuff
yeah yeah but overall all the actors in
it are really good and that's another
thing that supports the movie
everybody's really good in it
HBC's good as usual oh yeah yeah I don't
say her name
why not it has too many syllables in it
you just sing with us forever
welcome home Barnabas Collins Oh soon
can the horses be ready
we don't have horses we have a Chevy you
know if you look at it from the other
perspective it's like who are they
making this movie for is it is it gonna
be a crazy comedy or are they making it
because like Tim Burton is a fan of the
old show if so you know why are you
making this because no one else is yeah
I mean some people are there's some big
dark shadows fans but it's not a
mainstream kind of thing right Brady
Bunch or something it's like you make a
remake of a TV show like that and
everyone knows it it's like dark shadows
again yeah it's almost like they they're
all the all the remakes are out of the
barrel and this is like it I think I
said that when I first saw the trailer
I'm like wow that's really in the bottom
of it what else we got down here well I
was really worried when they introduced
that element of them trying to revive
their fishing company yeah I was
thinking of a lot of the the TV
adaptations in the 90s like well I
always had like really lame awful plots
there's like The Beverly Hillbillies
movie and all those type of movies
actually don't kind of have the same
plot there are always about someone
tried to exploit or export money from
the main characters or from the family
like The Beverly Hillbillies and like
The Addams Family actually I think both
Addams Family movies at that blot yeah
and so I was waiting for that to happen
but then the whole fishing thing sort of
gets side-swept by the witch coming back
and well that's the real story she has a
competing business and
and it's more about her either you know
trying to get Johnny Depp to love her or
revenge love story yes actually we have
another but there's no real consequences
to anything either like there's that
because he he falls in love Johnny Depp
falls in love with this new character
that's been introduced into that that
household but then he gets a blowjob
from H Helena bottom ch BC she's for
real and then he ends up fucking the
witch which is in the trailer and it's
like okay how is this gonna affect the
story but then it doesn't it's a
meandering script without a central goal
yeah yeah it had lots of fun individual
scenes and lots of fun dialogue and good
performances good visuals well Tim
Burton knows how to construct a scene
yeah doesn't it frequently doesn't
really know how to forward a story yeah
and that's the case with this movie
right right what sorcery is this
yeah reveal yourself tiny songs just
what do you think of Tim Burton are you
a big fan I I like a lot of his early
movies I guess that's what everybody
kind of says about Tim Burton at this
point but I don't even I don't really
see him as a filmmaker anymore so much
as a manufacturer like when you hear
about a new Tim Burton movie like Tim
Burton's making Alison Wonderland
my first thought was like has he done
that already like I feel like that's
that's already a Tim Burton movie you
know you can see the movie in your mind
what it is or like the Charlie in the
Chocolate Factory
it's a Tim Burton Charlie in the
chocolate factory movie they're always
visually nice mostly visually nice I
thought Alice in Wonderland was was
nauseating to look at well they want to
barf in my hat but they uh they never
really have much of a soul to them
anymore
and I feel bad saying that because Tim
Burton has made at least two movies that
I would say are probably some of my
favorite movies ever which would be
pee-wee's big adventure I think that's a
near-perfect movie and Ed Wood which I
just I love that would I would go so far
as to call it a masterpiece
that's so great it's it's really great
it's good performances and there's a
heart to it and
and most of the stuff he's done since
then just feels very sort of sterile or
coal manufacture manufactured yeah was
there like that one iconic Tim Burton
movie where he took a source material
like Alice in Wonderland or Charlie and
chocolate factor and really made it into
something new was it Batman or well
Batman yeah maybe because the movie did
before Batman was Beetlejuice and that
always sticks in my mind as the Tim
Burton yeah look at that it looks like
it's in Burton movie Batman
I loved Batman when it came out in 1989
or whenever and I haven't seen in a long
time but I'm sure I would still enjoy it
but it doesn't look like yeah it has
elements of it but it's not like Tim
Burton you know in your face yeah like
some of his later movies were right
right
well Beetlejuice I think was like the
last Tim Burton movie and then after
that it seemed like I mean there's
sporadic ones here and there that are
original ideas or not remakes or
Nightmare Before Christmas is another
way yeah that's not taking other
material and redoing it yeah but he does
like Planet of the Apes Charlie and the
Chocolate Factory else in Wonderland
Sleepy Hollow and sell these things or
it's like take this material and make it
look like a Tim Burton movie right and
then that's all it really does right
right indeed so Jay would you recommend
a Dark Shadows no sup so Jay would you
recommend
Dark Shadows uh faintly yeah I enjoy is
a fucking wishy-washy statement
well you recommend it or not I I would
recommend maybe a rental probably not
paying there's a ridiculous theater
prices to see it but it's amusing yeah
and in parts it's amusing but would you
recommend it yeah I don't I don't know
that's a pretty wishy-washy answer fuck
you
are you stoned or something they tried
stoning me my dear it did not work
well I I would recommend dark shadows
and you would recommend battleship what
the fuck is happening to us I don't know
maybe we need to get out of this
warehouse and get some fresh air
yeah that's a great let's yeah let's get
let's get out if we get ahead to the VCR
repair show yeah yeah let's get going
well only another 10 miles to the VCR
repair shop yeah but what are we gonna
do about blanket tracking us Jay
blankets not tracking us yeah I guess
you're right I guess it is a little
crazy I wonder where he's though yeah I
wonder what he's doing right now yeah
I'm bored right it's 2:15 5:00 hurry up
I can catch the signal from PBS they're
airing the collective documentary works
of Ken Burns Oh
oh no I have caught a stray gamma bursts
why why that beam has lowered my IQ by
50% suddenly I feel like watching
battleship starring Taylor Kitsch and
Rihanna yay
