Apr 15, 2012
Cabin in the Woods and The Three Stooges
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPKE-8UkpV4
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/191557939222413312
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/413543138657024
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/341917149191504
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-cabin-in-the-woods-and-the-three-stooges

Half in the bag.
Fuck movies.
what a fucking mess what are we gonna do about
this plink @vc our situation let's sit
down and drink beer okay so what's the
story with my VCR and DVD player
what the hell are you talking oh right
that um well I'm working on the VCR and
I'm working on the DVD player now
whatever look I gotta go start on my
taxes I think I'm going to write you two
off is pain in my ass oh now that's
uncalled for mr. Plunkett repairing VCRs
and DVD repair it's very complicated
very time-consuming time-consuming
complicated well let's add up these
check stubs find out exactly how much
I've been paying you two over the last
year for work you still haven't
completed have you seen that new movie
cabin in the woods I have seen the new
movie cabin in the woods you want to
talk about it sure oh I'm thinking this
thing doesn't take credit cards
Clym says closed we're looking for
what's called Tillerman Road have to get
you there
getting back I sure can sir Oh Kevin in
the woods is a horror film about a cabin
in the woods five teenagers decide to
vacation at this particular cabin and
are soon tormented by evil and killed
off one by one
if you think you've seen this premise
before it's because you have a billion
goddamn times but cabin in the woods is
well aware of that
as the nightmare unfolds these kids
discover that the threat they're dealing
with may run deeper than they originally
imagined uh what did you think of cabin
in the woods that's pretty good
no I I liked cabin in the woods a lot
they'd had just this weird-ass premise
and and and that was both a working
point for me and a detriment at the same
time okay I really liked it it comes off
as one of those ideas that you come up
with when you're smoking pot or you're
drunk
or something that and that you wouldn't
actually make you know like you know
would be a crazy idea for a movie that
kind of premise yeah yeah or if this you
know would be crazy if that this really
happened or if this kind of thing
happened yeah and then and then later on
you're like wait that doesn't make any
sense at all once you pick it apart
you're like what yeah yeah because that
was an element of the overall movie um
that that didn't work for me most of it
worked for me mostly all of it I liked
the premise I liked the idea like the
characters and execution of everything
um but there's that little voice in my
brain in the back that just kept saying
like what well there's there's a lot of
stuff in the movie that is either not
explained properly or doesn't make a
whole lot of sense when you really think
about it and break it down yeah but
while you're watching the movie it's
it's a whole lot a whole lot of fun this
is probably the most fun I've had
watching a movie in a really long time
we don't want to go into spoiler
territory too much with it it's a it's a
tough movie to talk about without
getting industry yes I mean the ending
is the the whole set up Freddy the
premise is pretty much laid out from the
get-go and that was one of the problems
I had you you liked it I did to a degree
I thought it was interesting to have
because you see the trailer and it's
like it's a horror movie it's a cabin in
the woods yeah but there's more going on
than what you could imagine yeah and
they give a lot away in that trailer so
I was expecting that to be a case on the
movie where it's sort of a slow
build up and you slowly discovered what
is really happening but it comes right
out of the gate and I almost admire that
like the first thing in the movie is
these two guys in this you know office
and they're having like this boring
mundane conversation and it's like right
up front it's like here's what's
happening yeah and then it cuts to there
in the middle of a discussion about
childproofing cabinets and and then it
just freeze frames and the title the
movie comes up and scary horror movie
music comes on and it it made me laugh
like that that's contrast me yeah at
first it opens with typical horror movie
credits or it's like this blood is like
seeping and there's like name credit
names in the blood or yeah and then it's
just like hard cuts right to these two
guys like a bomb you know there weren't
ties and there's working you look what
the fuck yeah and then it cuts to the
title and I went oh okay
yeah I seriously believe Susan weird is
going on
I appreciated the the sarcastic way it
opened and I appreciated that sort of
upfront in this but it deflated most of
the movie for me in in terms of like
building the tension and and building it
all everything up in the mystery I'm
like okay I mean I I don't the movies a
lot of fun and it's very clever and
entertaining but as a movie I was just
like okay I get the premise and there
was more to the premise to discover
later on but the whole like the whole
this the house is not just a cabin in
the woods thing there's something
sinister going on underneath it was was
really just totally deflated and I was
like okay CIA it wasn't fun it wasn't
fun no see that worked for me early on
like the the cutting back and forth
between the kids in the cabin and very
sort of typical horror movie situations
and then the people behind the scenes
they're almost like an audience like you
watching the movie yeah it's sort of
like a less abstract version of the
movie rubber which came out last year
about a killer rubber tire and there's
an element in that movie of an audience
watching the events of the tire unfold
it's a lot more abstract and a lot
weirder and this is a little more
streamlined than that yeah it certain by
Joss Whedon so it may it sometimes feels
like it's almost too clever Joss Whedon
has a tendency of writing things that
are clever to a detriment yes you know
you're watching a Joss Whedon related
project when all the characters have a
funny quip or a little too flippant
given the the gravity of the situation
that that seems to be a running thing
with this project yeah and certain
things at work sigh I am also a fan of
Joss Whedon I've not seen the Buffy or I
haven't seen their there's a lot of
die-hard just Whedon fans yeah I haven't
seen Buffy or angel or dollhouse I think
Firefly actually I've seen Firefly as
well I really like Firefly I think it
has the perfect balance of taking itself
seriously enough but still having the
equips and the the wit to it yet without
kind of cracking that realism and I
think this this just went too far and I
know it's a fun movie
it's but seemed to ride the line between
comedy and satire and actual horror and
it and obviously you know given the
whole thing as a whole it was satirical
and it was essentially a comedy samey
work better as a comedy than as a horror
yeah yeah and I was like it I don't know
one way or the other kind of thing at a
certain point because I really like the
sort of day-to-day mundane conversation
that was more interesting than the the
horror movie little bit yeah but I did
still like as you know someone who grew
up with horror films I love horror
movies there's a lot of stuff in the
cabin parts of the movie that I still
liked just in like a fun b-movie kind of
way there's like redneck zombies and
decapitated heads and the the one of the
zombies guys has like a bear trap on a
chain that he throws at people and it
was little stuff lots of cool ideas it's
just lots of cool dialogue yeah fun
horror movie stuff fun horror movie
stuff right what is it thing we have to
stay together
this isn't right
we should split up yeah good idea really
well the first half of the movie has a
lot of sort of deconstruction of horror
films horror film cliches but at the
same time you're seeing the mechanics of
it and the the two guys behind the
scenes that are sort of orchestrating
everything and commenting on those those
typical genre elements but about halfway
through the movie once the characters
figure out what's going on it just
becomes more of a straighter story yeah
where those two sides sort of converge
into one story and then then the story
takes a pretty big turn well it gets a
lot goofier and a lot it goes a lot
farther than I would have expected which
I appreciated that that sort of it's
almost an element of Anarchy to it it
was an interesting idea I'll put it that
way it was an interesting idea it didn't
make a lick of sense no when you really
break it down that is a small problem in
this movie in other movies it's a big
problem in this movie it's a very small
problem and this is where we say
spoilers skip to the skip skip to this
timecode to skip spoilers but the the
premise is that they're appeasing the
ancient evil gods that are supposedly
they don't say their demons are Satan
they just say the ancient earth gods
yeah presumably evil monsters of some
kind need to have human sacrifices and
this is the modern-day equivalent of
humans sacrificing to appease gods that
has gone on throughout time now it's
more underground and less out in the
open and more complicated and that's the
thing it's like it's it's sort of I
guess it's a form of entertainment for
the gods but they don't really specify
and I'm like why not just round up these
five people and put them in a room and
just execute them one at a time let
their blood drain into the things yeah
why do we have to do the whole horror
movie thing why do they have to make
choices our particular corner of the
earth our particular sector that
appeases these gods that just happen to
be under where the cabin in the woods
which happens to be where they built the
base in some corner of America
presumably they want you know the five
character types that typically appear in
horror movies the the whore the virgin
the the bookworm the jock the athlete
and the fool yeah the five characters
and them they want their blood and then
you know they die but they show
different different facilities around
the world one in Japan and they show
like 20 or so Japanese school girls yeah
it's obviously a play on the the the J
what do they call J whore the Japanese
horror genre no they call it J horror J
Horrors the character on the Jersey
Shore
Oh like Pookie so the question then
comes up are there different gods or is
it the same God but that same God wants
19 japanese schoolgirl blood and this
God wants five American teenager blood
and it's like what what yeah I was under
the impression that it was one God and
it was just all these countries and that
would have seen which which one could
appease the God first but why all the
the ritual with the horror movie genre
and awesome and why because they have
all the creatures kind of harness they
have a little cages for oh yeah and the
decisions the characters in the cabins
make determines which creature sort of
the X M and terrorizes them but like why
are there all these horror movie
creatures why are there all these
monsters are the gods this specific
about yes
do they have a long delay of like a book
like an instruction manual of yeah this
is how I want to be appeased a
fantastical idea about the gods being
appeased and human sacrifice and all
that is a cool idea but it doesn't
exactly fit with it's like two puzzle
pieces that kind of fit yeah kind of jam
them together it's clever don't get me
wrong
and I really liked you know a lot of the
stuff in the end but it does come up as
an idea that two guys thought up while
they were smoking pot and then when
their brains cleared and you go what
what what let's just make it and that's
fine because you don't really see movies
that come out without the filter
you almost appreciate that that level of
commitment to do in an idea that's this
goofy
yeah Oh Oh what time is it oh well it
was nap time
oh but now it's lunch time oh goody then
it's more beer time oh time to eat lunch
hey so what do you want for lunch today
hmm
pizza mac and cheese bangers and mash
cupcakes pasta and sea turtles powdered
sugar pies sausage gravy biscuits pork
burgers another comical food no what
about fried chicken ooh
hot damn mmm yeah and you know where we
can get it from chunky chicken
hmm it's chunky chicken time mmm damn I
love me some chunkies chicken mmm so
delicious so fresh Oh Chris it's where I
go for all of my chicken needs mmm yeah
and it's so easy you can order online
too at chunkies chicken calm is that
chunkies chicken calm donkeys chicken
calm that's what I said Jake they'll
even deliver chicken to your face which
delicious piece would you like Jay I'm
gonna try this one oh I think I'll go
with this piece but all of them are
equally delicious
you know Jay sometimes our antics remind
me of the Three Stooges plink it would
be Moe Larry and curly and we'd be the
guys behind the scenes making all the
money hey speaking of the Three Stooges
yeah have you seen the Three Stooges
it was a blessed day
went through these hallowed gates
a stranger rode and delivered unto that
um miracle The Three Stooges is the new
film called The Three Stooges it was
made by the Farrelly Brothers who've had
a string of hit comedies like there's
something about Mary what does that
gadget this is an iPhone iPhone uh-huh
Wow oh there's nobody then well Jay what
did you think of the Three Stooges I
think it was definitely a Three Stooges
movie its goal seemed to be to replicate
the the style and tone of those old
Three Stooges shorts it accomplishes
that the actors are very good at
impersonating other actors and whatever
its overall goal was it seems to have
accomplished I think I laughed like
three times yes I I will agree with you
this was a Three Stooges film it was a
Three Stooges feature-length film and
there was a lot of when the trailer for
this came out there was a lot of hubbub
Allu hubba bubba Lou there was a lot of
controversy on the Internet where
everyone was was angry everybody was
horribly upset and this movie will
tarnish the legacy of the Three Stooges
it's raping yes this important national
treasure and let me just say this
there's a lot of things to get upset
about this is not one of them
somebody ruining Star Wars is something
to get upset about there's a lot of
other things in the movie realm we're
talking um there's there's of course you
know child slave labor rape it doesn't
feel like Hollywood's just taking the
old Three Stooges name and just trying
to rape it and make money and move on
yeah um because the the Farrelly
Brothers I guess have been trying to
make this movie for a really long time
it's been a passion project of theirs
yeah they're they're obviously slapstick
lowbrow comedian types that make movies
like that so it doesn't take a genius to
make the connection that they were
probably in
luhan's or you know inspired by the
three students so there they want to
make a movie that that pays so much to
them whatever but the the weird the
little kind of weird thing is it's not
technically a remake it's almost
impersonations well that's that's the
weirdest aspect of it to me is that it's
not like you take a movie where there's
a character and you make a movie where
you cast someone else's that character
like James Bond or something like that
like The Three Stooges were real people
there were real performers they started
out in vaudeville started making movies
and that was them that you were watching
so to watch someone do an impersonation
of them now it's like it's like seeing
an Elvis impersonator or or in 70 years
if someone decides to make a new Ernest
movie and cast somebody else that is
really good at impersonating Ernest you
know yeah it's it's their stick is what
you're saying
yeah yeah it's not just a character it's
a performance by a real person mind your
P's and Q's don't forget to dot the i's
and that's another thing that that that
is an issue with this movie is does the
does the style of humor carry over into
2012 probably not well it's kind of like
George Lucas talking about red tails and
wanting to make a movie in the style of
those old World War 2 propaganda films
yeah as we said with that review there's
a reason they don't make movies like
that anymore
true movies are so different and comedy
is so different than where it was at
that point Three Stooges is not highbrow
entertainment and that's why you know
this doesn't bother me
yeah well I was never a fan of the Three
Stooges like even as a little kid it
just didn't really appeal to me so this
movie does that's in the same style in
the same spirit it is what it is I like
The Three Stooges I'm not a huge fan I
like what they do I think it's funny and
this does it really well the people that
they have to impersonate them are really
great they they do a good job of acting
like other actors and I guess that's
what you're paying to see you'll get it
you
just watch the trailer do you remember
when they made that Brady Bunch movie
yeah and and it's like that that's kind
of like a comparison you you know we
should make here is like they took that
the Brady Bunch movie and they said well
let's make the Brady Bunch movie okay
but let's not have it be corny and
cheesy with the bad jokes from the 70s
let's let's throw them in the 90s and
have them be uh you know
fish-out-of-water jokes now and and
they're sort of poking fun at the at the
Brady's and that's that's kind of
there's parts in this movie that were
like that that worked for me that was a
lot of the humor came from there's a
couple little parts like the bit with
the iPhone and things like that yeah
there's there's one part where the guys
like you know he sees um he sees Larry
and his in his hair and he looks at and
he's like hey guy are you wanting to
file a lawsuit against Supercuts and and
I laugh the guy laughs because he's like
what what yeah but like this Brady Bunch
movie where there's a sort of I don't
know if I would call it cynical but
there is that sort of poking fun at that
and this movie the actual humor of the
Three Stooges is played completely
straight yeah but it's very bizarre cuz
they're still talking like people from
the 30s they dress in old-timey clothes
and there's that clash that doesn't
really make sense yeah the majority of
it is them falling back to the the
classic Three Stooges bits and them
going from scene to scene getting into
those scenarios which are like you know
them's carpenters them as doctors them
at a fancy party yeah them as plumbers
you know it's always some sort of
profession or them you know doing
something like that so they find ways
within the script to work them into all
those scenarios but those are the old
scenarios that we've all seen yeah I'm
done like got it yeah they can't they
can't fix a roof like we've seen that
yeah but we haven't seen Moe on the
Jersey Shore
slapping people is look I got you a
present really
yeah gone open the the Jersey Shore
thing came out of a place like I I would
imagine that that was not a decision
made by the Farrelly Brothers that was a
decision made by someone that's not
creative in the home world and it yeah
it's a completely out of place with the
rest of the movie it's it's that they
looked at the demographics and they go
little kids will probably like this the
elderly will like
but the you know 18 to 35 demo won't
yeah you gotta put Snooki in it they'll
say Oh Sookie is in it you know okay
maybe I'll go see this oh hi your sister
Bernice just something different about
you did you get a haircut yes I enjoyed
it I enjoyed it well enough I I laughed
a couple of times I left quite a bit
actually more than I want to admit I
left three times
I remember counting three times that I
laughed and I don't even remember two of
them now but I remember the one this
movie is is wonderfully violent
yes should mentioned yes there's an
unapologetic quality to the violence and
the slapstick until the very end but
we'll talk about that yeah but uh yeah
not politically correct but also not
vulgar just just sort of joyously
cartoony yeah and there's a part where
they're in a hospital through a series
of shenanigans they end up having to
change the diapers of all these babies
in the maternity ward yeah so the three
stooges start aiming the babies piss at
each other and then it won their
treatment like their guns and at one
point one of them says kick it over here
like a gun and they kick a baby across
the floor that was the only part that I
really laughed at yeah also they also
fire a shotgun and a little girl and
they fire a shotgun at a little girl
yeah yeah yeah and endanger the lives of
animals well there's a lot of animal
abuse in this movie in addition to all
the violence um attempted murder you
know kicking babies shooting shotguns at
little girls yes
um but there's a lot of abuse towards
animals there's a scene where they're
trying to sell a whole bunch of fish on
a golf course and they don't know that
they have to be in water and they're
watering them and they're all dying that
actually looks like something out of an
experimental film more than a slapstick
comedy where there's just this field of
fish flopping around so very odd like a
Pink Floyd album coming yeah yeah but
then and then there's a lion that's
chained up and it can't reach the sky
and and he's like smacking in the face
and then there's this other part where
they're at the zoo and and Curley shoots
a peanut into the blowhole of Dolph
Lundgren and then they jump in the water
and they're trying to do the Heimlich
and they're trying to get the peanut out
of Dolph Lundgren's blowhole
that wasn't dolph lundgren there was a
dolphin oh well what's the difference a
dolphin is a better actor oh come on
guys don't do this if I don't get
breakfast I get real grumpy I don't
think you're likely wealthy so but
anyways yeah it's nice that they didn't
water down the the old style of cartoony
slapstick because there's a part where a
guy gets run over by a bus yeah and then
then they go to try and kill him in the
hospital he hides inside his body cast
and they throw dynamite inside it and
there's another guy in the room that's
in a cast that they use to prop the door
closed it's very bizarre yeah people get
hurt things explode it's all cartoony
and it's all the old style of Three
Stooges done in the modern-day times
which is which is wonderful that they
didn't like pussy out and and just do a
couple of slaps and then the rest of it
just do like visual gags or something
yeah they went full on with the way that
the Three Stooges used to do their
shtick which was nice but the whole time
I minds thinking lawsuits lawsuits
lawsuits lawsuits and and of course
right as the credits roll we get a
disclaimer yes where there's two guys
they're pretending to be the Farrelly
Brothers for some reason but they're
saying basically we we hit each other
with rubber mallets and rubber hammers
and when we poke each other it's it's
right here you know kids don't do this
don't try these stunts at home kids and
then I went that is the part of the
movie where is like fuck you it's a
shame that comedy has to come with a
disclaimer now especially the three
fucking Stooges yes you got any dynamite
but yeah the movie as a whole would you
think I didn't enjoy it personally but I
admired its I guess as far as its
commitment to what it was trying to do I
just think what I was trying to do was
was completely pointless yeah yeah I
would recommend it if you're if you're
slightly curious about you know seeing
these guys do the three stooges bits if
you like that stuff they did a really
good job at that you know but like I
said you could watch that in the trailer
some parts were stupid but it didn't go
over the stupid limit for me not like a
jack-and-jill did and they felt it felt
more genuine like they wanted to make
this movie as opposed to an Adam Sandler
that's the big different project where
it's just like like a vehicle for money
it's just like a whore machine what
would have been great is the Three
Stooges the actors from the 30s like
they get transported to the future and
they're just like miserable people
trying to find work and it's this
horribly depressing they don't even play
The Three Stooges they're just like
what's a computer connect act in the
picture business again oh that's an and
then they just end up like drinking
themselves to death oh it will be called
The Three Stooges The Three Stooges
yeah would you like any more chicken Jay
no I'm full yeah me too
Mike what are you doing I'm throwing
chicken away from myself now we've got
to clean that up just leave it there
this place is a fucking mess blinkin
doesn't notice any of this stuff he's
blind old and stupid just look at all
the stuff we've gotten away with over
this past year am i right yeah you're
right look guys I've got a leave for a
while I need to figure some things out
I'll be back hmm
there's certainly a deadly earnestness
in his voice
is this what they call a cliffhanger yes
