Mar 30, 2012
The Hunger Games and Jeff Who Lives at Home
youtube.com/watch?v=wRGZLPJz8WM
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/185910479867232256
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/351648128205102
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-hunger-games-and-jeff-who-lives-at-home

Half in the bag.
I put chicken strips in my asshole.
oh hey did you happen to catch dancing
on the Stars last week
don't you mean Dancing with the Stars no
no this is a new show where people dance
on the graves of dead celebrities Oh
have they done Jessica Tandy yet because
I would love to dance in the grave of
that dead whore well I'm going to the
Old Country Buffet I got creamed corn on
special today well it's a buffet how do
they have something on special it
doesn't make any goddamn sense fuck you
just just remember to fix that DVD
player you made me drop last week are
you talking about this yeah that now you
better fix it before I get back or else
so what we're DVD repairman now - that's
retarded I want to raise how the fuck
are we supposed to fix this huh I
couldn't even fix my cat wait a minute I
have an idea
Oh Oh what is this Oh oh my god was that
in your hair yes huh boy working on this
project sure has made me hungry
which reminds me have you seen that
shall now talk about the recent films
we've seen we could do what you know
take off live in the woods
it catches well maybe not he wouldn't
make it five miles The Hunger Games
tells the story of an oppressive future
society that picks a teen boy and girl
from each of the country's districts to
fight it out in a battle to the death
against each other on live television
one teenager played by Jennifer Lawrence
volunteers herself for the deathmatch to
save her younger sister from having to
participate its battle royale meets the
running man meets American Idol Meets
The Truman Show meets thx 1-1 3-8 meets
gladiator meets Logan's Run meets The
Flintstones so Mike what did you think
of The Hunger Games I really really
liked The Hunger Games I didn't know
what it was about I know it was a book
someone had told me that it was a movie
for teenage girls
much like the Twilight series right so I
really didn't know what to expect I was
confusing it with an earlier movie where
there's a girl holding a bow and arrow
on the cover o Janna Hannah it's the
same cover right I called it the hannah
games I didn't know what it was I knew a
girl had a ball and arrow but I was
intimidated by its running time of two
hours and 22 minutes feels it's length
at certain times but overall I really
really liked the movie I liked the movie
too uh I think and maybe this is just me
personally it felt a little toothless I
think I could have used a bit more of an
edge I mean obviously I understand why
it's like that because it's
the reason books that are popular with
teenagers but I think a little bit more
violence would have added some more
attention to it but well you're you're a
sicko I do like seeing children die
horrible yeah see I thought it had the
perfect balance of the the violence
aspect maybe the book is more violent
and the author didn't intend it to have
a like a teen audience I know there is a
field trip from a school that went to
see it yeah that was very bizarre yeah
there was like thousands and thousands
of 12 year olds coming out of the
theater I'm like okay isn't it's a movie
about murdering 12 so but yeah there
there are some some blood there were
some killings if that's that shouldn't
be our evaluation of the movie is how
much blood was in it III think that that
more of that would have added to the
movie though and not just my personal
taste I just for me personally I think
it would have made it a little more
tense a little more danger
creepers and Everdeen
I volunteer as tribute so let's talk
about the first 20 minutes what did you
feel about the first 20 minutes of the
film because we we had the same kind of
thoughts on it it yeah it took me a
while to kind of warm up to the movie
and grow to appreciate what it was doing
because the first 15 20 minutes are
really off-putting they're really
jarring both as far as the way it was
edited and the way it was shot it's it's
done in shaky-cam
for no real reason I guess to give it a
gritty realism but yeah yeah it's just
static shot of somebody walking but the
camera is going crazy
lots of awkward edits like jarring cuts
and it calms down after that but yeah
those first those opening scenes where I
was like oh no I don't know if I can sit
through a whole movie of this so when
you start watching the movie there's a
lot of information that they have to get
across like you know number one are we
on planet earth number two what year is
it three you know what what country is
it what's happening what has happened
and all that stuff and that sort of like
disconnect was um you know it took a
little while to kind of get it going
like so when the lady comes out in the
clown makeup and she looks like an alien
and she starts you know they start doing
the Hunger Games and then they run a
little like propaganda film that's
voiced by Donald Sutherland you know
who's in the film is the the president
yeah he kind of goes over the backstory
but I was like is this on TV or like are
people watching this and there was a
little bit of like confusion and then it
really like after that the whole first
act really kind of slowly built it up
and that's that's what I started to like
about the movie once you get past that
first chunk now it starts to really kind
of get going and then you it doles out
the information at a good pace yeah you
know it's a yeah it's a neat concept and
the ideas are interesting it does run
into through the rest of the movie
though the shakey cam issue comes back
up mainly during the sort of
action-oriented scenes when when someone
starts running that camera goes crazy
yeah yeah and it's I hate shakey cam I
hate it
I blame Paul Greengrass
Christopher Nolan for sort of
introducing that as a way to execute
action sequences and it just drives me
yeah
when I saw woody harrelson walk onto the
screen I said oh no I'm like a weirdo
way yeah whenever I see Woody Harrelson
all I think about is him in that movie
where John Cusack blows a volcano up and
he flies a helicopter
o-22 know every time we see him I think
of Woody Harrelson and then I just think
of comedy yeah whenever I see what he
Harrelson I was going oh he's in this
and now but he did a good job I'm like
him in the movie
so let's talk about the look of the
movie I'm a big fan of sort of future
70s future dystopian movies like the the
style and the look and the architecture
of a lot of movies that remain the 70s
that take place you know in the future
like Logan's Run yeah and I liked the
look of this movie a lot because it was
very sort of minimalist like a lot of
those older movies were but then you had
a problem with some of the costumes you
thought they got a little too goofy
I thought the costumes were a little too
goofy a little too colorful there's the
the guy that runs the show that has the
weird beard and things like that I
thought word we're taking a little too
far yeah and and on the other end of
that were the poor people that were
dressed like they were from yeah
centuries ago there was that the 1800s
kind of like farming village yeah well
they look like um like Mormons or
something with the long dresses or
they're Amish maybe more Amish than
Mormon but um after a while I was like
okay you know this this sort of works
because if you if you look at fashion
from like the past and like going back
to like you know 1700s in France when
everyone were like the makeup and the
big wigs and all that and and I'm like
in the future maybe that's what the
fashion looks like I'm okay with that
and and then that was one of the things
that came up it's like why does everyone
look so stupid and then I'm like okay
that's the fashion of the future that's
fine and then I'm like how can all these
people like enjoy this as entertainment
watching people kill each other and then
you're like well that actually happened
in human history with the gladiators and
the Roman times and so sure like all
this is sort of believable so tonight
get the chibi parade take you out and
show you off to the world so you're able
to make me pretty he'd help you make an
impression I want to see how this
society gets beyond these these you know
ritualistic games and kind of like these
people when they're freedom now there's
a quality there's a whole new like
society born and I want to see it reach
that stage and I was kind of thinking
will it get to that point at the end of
this movie
all these things get resolved and I'm
like that's probably too big too big of
a topic to tackle in this movie but so I
look forward to sequels so what you're
saying is this movie left you hungry for
more I'm hungry for more Hunger Games
Peeta tell special girl back home she
came here with me so what do you think
of the actors in the film uh well I
thought the lead actress Jennifer
Lawrence who was previously mystique in
the x-men first class movie I thought
she was really great Ninh yeah he's very
natural very believable and she kicks a
lot of ass in this movie yes she did a
really great job she's um she's very
attractive um but she's not kind of the
the just a typical Hollywood starlet
attractive yeah attractive in a
different way so she kind of fit the
like the the forest warrior look yeah
she didn't look like a bimbo from one of
the you know National Lampoon comedies
or whatever you just dated yourself by
about thirty years no no they make those
every week
I especially like the performance by
Donald Sutherland Oh Donald Sutherland
looked like he just wanted to take a nap
through the whole movie he should have
been wearing a t-shirt that said I'd
rather be napping he said what do I have
to do on this role well you have to
stand there and occasionally you have to
like trim flowers in a garden and goes
oh okay
he said do I have to trim my beard yeah
he said no you can keep it yeah right
I'm in yeah good old Donald Sutherland
still working still alive I saw him and
I said oh he's still alive no he showed
up in that movie Horrible Bosses hmm
I don't know why that was like weird so
um the film then continues on they
release the contestants into the wild
where they you know it's a survivor
meets running man the winner gets to be
not a poor person anymore
and then things happen the the only
drawback was it felt a little long
certain parts primarily the part where
the dude was injured in the cave oh yeah
those little dragon a little could use a
little trim but very few complaints on
this one so would you recommend it I
would it's a solid movie good
performances some good action the shakey
cam drove me nuts but the story kept me
interested despite that I think this is
a movie that most people can enjoy oh
yeah this is one of those movies that
kind of has elements for everyone yeah
despite the kind of longer running time
I think most people could enjoy this
movie the only demographic or the only
type of people I wouldn't recommend it
to is like really hyper sensitive hyper
religious parents that that you know get
caught up in this whole like everyone's
going to see The Hunger Games at my
junior high
Oh Oh what is this and then then they
watch it and you know it's kind of a
Lord of the Flies kind of thing where
everyone's killing each other
and as you know if you're hypersensitive
to stuff like that you don't want your
kids to watch something there's death in
it then don't take them take them to see
the Winnie the Pooh movie but I approve
violence in children's movies absolutely
you know the Hunger Games wasn't a very
accurate portrayal of the Ethiopian
Olympics what that's what the movie was
about right Oh
Plunkett's back no oh oh my god they
were out of napkins and you fix my DVD
player yet well not technically yeah we
actually did something even better we
took your old VCR and your new DVD
player and combined them into a DVD VHS
hybrid oh that's right Jane now you can
watch all those old VHS tapes that we
just gave you and you can watch
brand-new DVDs on the same goddamn
machine huh well that sounds like it
makes sense now the thing is it's not
quite finished yet it's gonna take us a
while to do some fine-tuning and get
everything working properly there's lots
of tiny little screws I have a special
order of screwdrivers for those and
there's circuitry and mechanics involved
but once this thing is done it's gonna
be sweet I'm sorry I was mimicking our
repair job you're going to do that's
going to be fucking amazing once it's
finished it's so elaborate and technical
I can't even begin to yeah yeah it's
something we wouldn't try to explain to
a man that has creamed corn all over his
fucking face it's gonna be great it's
gonna be great you're gonna be great
gonna be great huh how long is all this
gonna take proximately six to eight
months plus overtime yeah fine whatever
look I need to go feed my toilet some of
this creamed corn
ah oh my god oh hey speaking of
squirting creamed corn out of your ass
have you seen Jeff who lives at home oh
I can't help but wonder about my fate my
destiny what if there's no wrong numbers
maybe it's always the right number
Jaffee who lives at home is the new film
from the Duplass brothers who recently
brought us another film called cyrus
which starred john c reilly
and the fat guy from lost jeff he who
lives at home is yet another film about
people learning things and overcoming
problems and whatever the movie stars ed
Helms as Ed Helms and the guy who is in
the recent Muppets movie can Jeff not
live at home can Ed Helmes not wear a
red shirt does susan sarandon find love
in all the wrong places
do I give a shit no with a running time
of 82 minutes this movie felt like it
was four fucking hours long Jay what did
you think of Jeff he who lives at home
uh um I liked some things about this
movie I actually was really disappointed
this is a movie I was really looking
forward to because I liked Cyrus a lot
yes is this your explanation of why
we're subjecting our viewers to this
review I suppose yeah don't give a
flying shit about movies like this well
it's you know it's nice to do things
that are a little different on the show
especially in contrast to a big movie
like Hunger Games yeah I like small
personal sort of character driven story
absolutely like that and I really like
Cyrus a lot the thing I liked about
Cyrus was how sort of natural everything
felt and how realistic it was and this
movie is like the polar opposite of that
it's very you have to have a very high
whimsy tolerance to get through this
movie mom Jeff hi you know you're
supposed to say hello when you pick up
the phone get off that couch or you're
gonna find someplace else to live it's
kind of in the middle of something right
now mom yeah what do you do in the
basement you're not cleaning it you
really want to know you didn't like it
last time we had this okay no no you're
right I don't as a footnote I just want
to say I liked Cyrus as well um I I
liked how kind of it played it very
realistically it didn't get too goofy
and and it really kind of was like Cyrus
was a real character it felt like a real
person like a real kind of weird kid
yeah and john c reilly of course is
really good I loved jobs around every
had and his reactions to Jonah Hill's
character
very believable and awkward and and
great but but this movie the script and
the the way it was made it felt like
like if Michael Bay were to make an
independent comedy it was just it was
just like god-awful surprise just total
total flat line on everything in the
movie from attempts at comedy got a
phone call from Randy I see a guy that
we talked about that barbecue
oh no that's a different different Randy
the decoration was Randy right yes two
attempts at like drama like people
learning things and there's so scenes
where people hunch down on the floor and
you say where did it go wrong
again throughout the course of that same
scene they resolve the issue and you
know everyone has these big revelations
about why fall throughout the course of
this one day and and I guess that can
work but in this movie everything just
yeah I don't know it um it fails at
everything that it did I'm just being
honest like like I was watching it and
I'm like okay this is like a sitcom
without jokes there the plot is it's
highly predictable and dull and and it's
like okay Jeff who lives at home smokes
pot he has this thing and somehow he's
going to help everyone like find the
solution to their problems at the end
and everyone's gonna like he everyone's
kind of stuck in this like mundane
existence like like Ed Helms his
character is kind of an asshole he wants
to be like a big businessman he's not
really giving his wife the attention she
wants
Jeff stuck in the basement Susan
Sarandon works in a cubicle they all
can't hate their lives you know and they
trot along and then at the end somehow
they're all gonna magically be freed
right and I'm like I know it's gonna
happen and even though the small details
of the movie like I was like yes you sit
next to me in the theater I'm like
you're pointing out this is gonna happen
and then like two scenes later it
happens yeah and and and even things
that I thought were gonna happen that I
thought would be too stupid or cliched
ended up happening and I was like
I'm having this really weird dream about
dad lately he says Pat what's the
greatest day in the history of the world
I'm like that I don't know and he just
looks at me he smiles
says today has your best the most
jarring aspect of the movie to me was
the the look of it it was in Cyrus - I
think I haven't seen Cyrus in a while
maybe it was a little more subdued in
that I don't know but I just don't
understand it at all there the way the
duplet their movies where it's handheld
and constantly doing snap zooms yes for
no apparent reasons hello III guess it's
an attempt at realism it looking gritty
I don't know if you have no sense ok so
so here's here's what Jay is saying in a
nutshell the movie is a is a dumb
simplistic script a dumb indie kind of
like discover things about yourself and
each other script but it's shot the
entire movies shot and extreme close-ups
and as we say extreme close-ups we mean
like this kind of framing now constantly
and and there's a basic like I mean you
don't have to follow the rules to two
movies but there are basic kind of
guidelines I'll say and that's like you
use an extreme close-up kind of during
an intense moment when you really need
to read the subtleties on an actor's
face no it's the way we've been shooting
you know for about 10 years and it
wasn't a conscious choice to say we like
zooms and the way that they look it's
because we actually use no blocking on
our sets so we shoot with zoom lenses so
we can find the actors in any shot size
we need and we find that by allowing
them the freedom to not be blocked they
get more naturalistic performances that
way you know and there's a scene in the
movie for example where the wife of Ed
Helms is meeting some guys she's kind of
having an affair with and um Jason Segel
character he's like a pothead he comes
into the restaurant he wants to sit down
at the table and eavesdrop that's the
setup yeah and he walks into the
restaurant and it's tight on his face
and then they cut to the hostess and
it's tight on her face and then he sits
down and it's
eight and it's tight and then then when
they're leaving they run into him and
then it's tight close-ups all around and
you really need that kind of wide like
shot oh there you are breathing room
like here's the situation
yeah sitcom sitcom does not stand for
it's a comedy that you sit down and
watch it stands for situational comedy
meaning the situation's are funny and
that's what the script was it was a
sitcom script yeah shot in in like like
a large von Trier styling and it didn't
it didn't make sense they didn't work
together yeah I mean if you block actors
and you make them hit certain marks
they're just not going to be free to
find new things they're going to be
trapped and they're just going to give
you exactly what you wanted in the
script which can sometimes don't be as
good as what you originally thought of
we're trying to well for me even worse
than the the extreme close-ups was just
the shaky cam itself yeah where it's
like the the first scene with Jeff he's
sitting on the couch watching TV and
it's just constantly going right like
any let why is it doing this like you do
that because somebody notices something
that's either point of view it doesn't
quit zoom but it's just like non-stop
and it's it's it it's hard to pay
attention to keep focused on the scene
so we like having the zoom to be able to
get whatever we want at any time that's
another good example is the opening of
the movie as Jeff lives in his basement
his mother's basement and he's smoking
pot and he gets a weird phone call that
is something you can just lock the
camera down in a master shot and have it
sit there and just yeah you know because
it's like you're trying you're trying to
convey how pathetic and and lazy his
existence is yeah but you're shooting it
with like this energy yeah and and they
kind of mesh against each other so what
happened a lot if you're shooting your
master and one of your actors is having
their mom
right there you're on a wide lens you're
fucked every scene was shot like that
like some of the stuff where they crash
the Porsche and the the crazy like Ed
Helms is driving fast and that you shoot
that stuff like that yeah but not not
situational comedic specific and not
like our character is a pathetic guy
that lives in his basement see ya and
that made me want to punch the movie in
the face we've kind of defined the style
a little bit and so people kind of know
what they're coming into and and you
know as much as we are quote-unquote
improvising things tend to stay on the
rails of the narrative path it's just a
question of like getting there the most
organic and fresh way possible this
movie was was fucking retarded I'm sorry
I hated it I didn't like it but I didn't
hate it either
one thing that was good in the movie was
the actress that played at Helms his
wife I liked her performance Oh Judy
Greer yeah really really he's really
good and everything um I've seen her in
yeah a very kind of cartoony stuff like
I want to get a Porsche I'm crashing the
Porsche into a tree yeah blah or her
when she finds out he bought the Porsche
and she's like throwing the breakfast
down yeah yeah it almost seemed like a
parody of independent like films like
like lawful movies like garden stage
stuff like that words like we're an
indie film yeah you know we're gonna sit
in the bathtub
side-by-side in a two-shot and and say
learning things
yeah myself and each other right like
you know there's that there's that kind
of canned element to it that that I just
couldn't stand and and some of the like
the predictability of it especially the
Susan Sarandon subplot which yes I
called and immediately I was really
surprised but it was just right there in
front of me yeah it's her I get it okay
goodbye Susan Sarandon says like I've
always wished my life was living under
open sky and attends helping children
and making love in a waterfall and blood
crap like that
you know and then she's stuck in a
cubicle kind of thing and then and then
at the end like the sprinkler system
goes off and she's like and I'm like
this does I the quirky xylophone music
plays like it goes like this oh oh how
indie in the contradiction of of
rainfall in a in a corporate cubicle
environment how visual yeah it's like
yourself yeah make your movie up your
take your movie and take a dump on it
Jay and I both drive Priuses well it's a
shame because I want to be able to
recommend smaller films things that are
a little bit different quite mainstream
movies I love that type of stuff and
that's kind of why I wanted to do this
movie the show like let's do an example
of a different type of film
unfortunately we saw one that isn't very
good yeah I mean it's not like it the
mindset is that if it's an indie film
then you know it's good it's better than
a big dumb action movie but not in all
cases and this is exactly one well this
is a case where this one's full of
cliches yet a different type of clean
phrase exactly it's a different type of
formula like I called the end to you
know yeah okay he's gonna go do this now
and then at the end he does this and
yeah it was just sort of like plugging
in all the pieces it was a Michael Bay
film of the independent in the movie
variety yeah to me yeah like I would sit
there and scoff at a Michael Bay movie
just as much as I was off at a movie
like this and it's a shame too because I
I guess this is kind of a positive
review of Cyrus at the same time as it
is a negative review yep who lives at
home because Cyrus is a movie where it
doesn't have any sort of formula really
it sets up you just follow these
characters yeah and the story is
dictated by you know their actions and
what they do and it doesn't have those
elements and it's weird to me visually
it is obviously made by the same
filmmakers but writing wise story wise
it feels like a completely different
thing different yeah Cyrus is Cyrus is a
movie where you really like the
characters they feel real like that
opening scene where numb Catherine
Keener comes into his house he's like
masturbating and then and then she's
like here's my son and
all this all this stuff like well not
Catherine Keener but the other girl and
it's like if the characters felt really
realistic and all the tension and the
scenes and this feels like it felt like
an episode of the office to me like that
level of believability yeah without the
camera crew following them around it
felt like the logic of an episode of the
office where it's like that level of
realism now am I being too mean J hey
yes you're beings who mean cuz this is
just a movie that wants to make you feel
good and tug at your heartstrings see
that's that's the thing that's a real
problem is like this is a movie where it
has a built in self defense of you're a
cynical asshole if you don't like it oh
it's not supposed to be realistic it's
just a movie you you Grinch yeah but
there's a lot of movies that I have
liked that that are kind of simplistic
and but work for some reason and I it's
hard to explain exactly why well it's
the right combination and the right
balance of different elements yeah and
this is one where just kind of kept
teetering off into Indy quark lands yeah
with the score and the way it was shot
and the the people discovering things
about themselves all those things where
it's just like overload yeah predictable
cliched formulaic
so Jay would you recommend Jeff he who
lives at home I would not I would really
recommend Cyrus I would also not
recommend Jeff who lives at home and I
would recommend showgirls
oh I filmed by Paul Verhoeven's sure
maybe I'll cool down after a while and
learn to appreciate Jeff who lives at
home but I thought I thought the script
was incredibly predictable and really
simplistic from having seen Cyrus I was
expecting something
if only the Muppets popped out at some
point during if their movie starred
Muppets it would have been great
yeah the exact same story just Muppets I
would have learned that again I could
see Kermit crashing a Porsche
well that's it's all about context like
you take a movie like the the recent
Muppet movie and that's one that is is
very simplistic and tugs at your
heartstrings but it works because of
what Muppet because it's the Muppets
because of what type of movie it is
Kermit and Miss Piggy arguing in a hotel
I just picture Kermit running in with
the camera behind now I want to see this
vide staring Muppets
Miss Piggy's in there with the Swedish
Chef is whoa Fozzie has him up against
the wall where's he worried Burgi just
we were just talking in kearney piggy
you fucking whore I see now I have to
change it now I would recommend seeing
this movie just to visualize it being
performed by MUP yes
well I guess we better get back to work
on this monstrosity yeah who are you
calling a monstrosity shithead what the
fuck oh my god Jay did it just talk it
started talking Jay I think we've
accidentally created a sentient robotic
life-form holy shit I will fuck your
world up young man it's getting bigger
that's what she saw no no never
hey guys what's going on
it's supposed to be doing that I am
Alive we're gonna get the fuck out of
here
you're right let's go hide behind that
share that don't worry feet away there's
no room for both of us okay I'll go get
a job you guys doing my VCR
this is that o-ring wake up nib with the
stone
that's one mean-looking motherfucking
robot shit
take them off my valuable thing I have
niblets oh this is so terrible
speaking of terrible have you seen 21
Jump Street now not the time oh my god
you're right fuck this I'm taking a bath
a crappy looking robot that once the
fuzz is OMG and control box
I must rape it oh my god is fuck fun
5000 holy shit I read the robot to that
oh no ow and doesn't deserve to live it
was a mistake no maybe I think I'm
falling for you life without you would
be rape --less I've never been so happy
about rape can we hug what that back
nope ow oh my god alright fuck pot 5000
is out peace
