Jan 17, 2012
The Devil Inside and Flyin' Ryan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0F1_lzClgE
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/159430618537656320
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/332281993460487
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-devil-inside-and-flyin-ryan

Half in the bag.
The devil is my hairdo?
oh hey sorry I'm late what I was down at
the homeless shelter having dinner with
a client all right
beer me oh sure hmm what are you looking
at well it looks like blinken took out a
life insurance policy really yeah does
it say for how much um holy shit a
million dollars oh my god and the part
where it says who the money goes to is
left blank hmm excuse me an idea
why don't you and I both fill our names
in on the ballot for state treasurer
then we can just steal money from the
government wait I have a better idea oh
let's make tacos hmm I have everything
we need except for the beef cheese
lettuce tomato sour cream hot sauce and
shells it's pretty much everything wait
stop talking I have a much better idea
let's just write our names in on this
legal document then we'll kill planket
and take all the money yeah you know I
think blankets said he was going to the
park today to feed joggers hmm there's
lots of places there he could have an
accident mm-hmm
I like your style except for the way
that you dress and groom yourself and
hygiene it's uh well frankly it's
embarrassing
there is
I see him let's make this look like a
horrible accident I know just what to do
let's go
oh I can't believe we did that and I
can't believe the sound that his body
made when it hit the bottom of the gorge
was this grotesque crunching and
squishing sound oh it was awfully funny
we should be quite proud of the work
we've accomplished today
no Jay I'm afraid what we did was evil
in fact it's possible that you and I
both have a devil inside oh hey that
reminds me have you seen Alvin and the
Chipmunks - chipwrecked cool what
South Hartford 911 what is your
emergency - II people's ma'am what's the
problem
hello and welcome to half in the bag I'm
Jake and I'm Mike and we just saw the
devil inside
that's right Jay the devil inside is the
new scam from director Williams
something something the movie stars
actors and was edited on a computer
somewhere this movie is the latest film
in a series of very low-budget films
designed to look like real movies and be
released in theaters to make a quick
buck
via a horribly off-kilter budget to
profit ratio that the general public
seems to be stupidly unaware of these
films used to be called direct-to-video
but now they are called first-run
features these films then vanish from
the theaters like a rapist leaving the
scene of a crime so Jay what did you
think of The Devil Inside oh I thought
this film was a bargain
it's both a a found footage film and an
exorcism film so you get two horribly
overused
horror subgenres for the price of one
well but did you like the film no the
movie is a piece of crap I wanted it to
end right when it started um there were
a few scenes in there that I was like
okay neat but 98% of it was was pretty
bad I mean the actors were fine
yeah it's the writing that the dialogue
they say sounds weird it feels very
unnatural well to me the problem was I I
hate the faux documentary thing unless
it's a comedy I was actually thinking of
that about that several times in this
movie there were parts where I felt like
I was watching the office but there were
no jokes yeah it was even edited in a
way where it feels like this should be a
reaction shot of somebody to you know to
elicit a laugh but there were no jokes
there was some good unintentionally
funny things on the movie but
now that not enough to recommend it as a
funny bad movie but there's the the
every every exorcism movie is a ripoff
of The Exorcist and so they all have the
the vulgar dialogue being shouted out by
the person that's possessed so let's
have some good stuff there or she's
saying like I want a skull fuck you you
faggot and stuff like that would the
devil even bother
swearing anymore and today's society I
don't know it works in the 70s to hear a
little girl swearing yet yeah your
hair's worth stuff on on broadcast
television now the devil would be you'd
be like I can't believe they said that
it's about listen to it
but but it also had that that angle that
you probably will agree with me with
where you and I probably since we make
movies and since you know we've shot
documentary stuff and worked with actors
and all that stuff as VCR repairman
that's part of the job sure but um where
you kind of just watch it and and the
general public might not pick up on
things but it's little tics and acting
and shooting where you're like that's
not real that's not a document yeah that
that's an actress
that's an actress pretending to be a
real person in a documentary that eight
years old my mother murdered three
people made the rise in the home had
committed these murders during an
exorcism and to me it always just stands
out like a sore thumb it's like okay
well and then that that spills over into
the the look of the movie to like the
opening stuff is supposed to be the
police investigating this house and it's
like that was shot on digital video and
degraded with filters after the fact
yeah you know it never feels like
authentic no whole movie footnote I mean
you have to keep the quality it's like a
give and take because you have to keep
the quality level good enough to be a
major motion picture on the screen now
you can't literally shoot those old 1989
footage on a VHS camera you shot it you
should but you can and and so they they
throw it up there but it had like this
some kind of like the the built-in
filters and Final Cut Pro were used yeah
bad TV and it's like and I'm like well
also in the case of this movie it's not
supposed to be just like home movie
footage that someone found it's supposed
to be either making a documentary yes
and and in real life this documentary
crew would be fired on the first day
because I can't hold the camera steady
they're constantly zooming in and out it
does another thing to in order to make
it look like a documentary
the documentary cameraman is constantly
doing this yeah like a documentary
cameraman can't keep the camera still
it's over saturation of the style that
ends up like defeating it but mister
general public you know as far as that
stuff goes God's clue
and I would I would be willing to bet
there's a good number of dummies out
there that go is this real people think
then of The Onion News stories are real
and in Washington this afternoon
Congress attempted to pass a law but
failed after knee that the house nor the
Senate could remember how to do it well
you can you can do a found footage movie
and kind of like Blair which kind of
make it seem authentic yeah but doing a
mixture of found footage and documentary
and narrative yeah in one thing and have
it like not be a joke yeah like it's
just like a recipe for disaster
yeah well I think you had mentioned that
you thought this would sort of work is
like a sheep oh you have a shot more in
a traditional I mean it had it had too
much of a plot for a documentary yeah it
had the typical structure of a story you
know even even that that that pointless
an awful scene in the middle where it's
like we have to show an exorcism a
little it's time should I go to a class
about exercise no come along with us we
do underground acts exorcisms is someone
someone's going well around the second
act we kind of probably need to have an
exorcism in this movie
well there's also things where like they
decide for no reason whatsoever to put
multiple cameras lock down inside the
car right as like if you're making a
documentary about this woman going to
visit her mother who's possessed by a
demon why would you do that in the car
unless you want to have an exciting
climax to your movie take place in a car
yeah there's certain things in this kind
of genre the found-footage type movies
that I'm you kind of have to just go
with you sort of accept but it like like
when they're filming the woman on the
ground with her throat ripped out like
okay I guess maybe they would film that
but yeah the idea of turning all the
cameras on in the car is then they have
those like those really stupid like
real-world like when the real world
characters go into the the private room
and they talk to the camera yeah I'm
Laura yeah there were many the real
world a confessional room and that
confessional room not no pun intended
Mart about David I'm worried about
everyone haven't talked about no now and
and I think this may be the first film
ever in motion picture history with a
pupil cam yes yes they they set up
multiple cameras when they're filming
the exorcisms and they have them labeled
in the corner of the frame there's a
timestamp and then there's also pupil
cam overhead cam like nobody that
documents things prints stuff onto the
the footage like that no no one ever the
pupil cam also had a like a number
system rating oh yeah where it showed
where the pupil dilation was so maybe
they purchased that pupil cam from a
medical supply company and they couldn't
figure out how to shut off the the
on-camera screen yeah yeah damnit I wish
I could get this off I don't want to say
pupil it's a medical pupil cam used in
surgeries there was an aspect of this
movie that I thought could have worked
in a different type of movie which is
the idea of the the rogue priest slitter
performing exorcisms outside of the the
Catholic Church's approval like if you
were to do that in like a movie with the
tone of like ghostbusters not like a lot
farce but comedic yeah
something with that Prebys the purpose
of the class is to educate priests and
of course laypeople about the devil's
presence in more than Society well then
she goes to the the church and goes into
the Exorcist classroom she goes no she
walks into the Vatican oh yes yes does
anybody can just walk into the Vatican
and wander into an exorcism class with a
camera crew with a camera group right if
it is possession then first and foremost
we must rule out mental illness
schizophrenia bipolar disorder the
course is designed to explore all these
conditions and then the students start
arguing yeah I think that this girl
really is possessed on the other student
says I think she's just a crazy person
perhaps it is a brain disorder but the
funny thing was that they had to like
the video screen and they're watching
like this footage and it's like a
night-vision shot chilling around eyes
and then it does the like like fast
motion maybe the camera in it it's
clearly like edited like and then
they're like okay what did we think
about that video you'd be like that's
the first fucking amazing horrifying
thing ever caught on tape it it was
borderline first yes farcical at that
point I wish the whole movie was was as
funny as certain moments like that yes
then I would recommend it as a funny bad
movie but it's mostly just dull it was
there was one kind of creepy moment when
they first pulled the sheet off of Goya
and she's old she's like these weird
contorted positions and she starts to
move and you hear bones cracking like
that's kind of creepy
yeah most of the scares in a movie like
this rely on silence and not seeing
what's happening they'll be long moments
or there's silence and then you'll hear
something loud off-camera and you can't
yet happened those are jump scares yeah
they're real easy to do the best one was
the dog oh yes yes maybe laughs it may
be think of like the Jaws ride at
Universal
that's like jaws pops out then goes back
into the water the dog jumps it and it
was like a like a like a st. Bernard or
something comical it was rule Oh like it
was a animatronic thing and then they
just go oh keep walking yeah it's like a
mixture of six different genres is this
a found footage is it a documentary
because there's contradictions in that
they have titles on their names but then
at certain points in the movie they're
like shut the camera off turn the camera
off okay I'll check harshad like it was
raw footage so what is it you know and
and those are the kinds of things that
were going through my mind so I would
have liked the film more if it just kept
the little plot it had it would have
been alright be horror movie yeah or a
horror movie in general if it was done
right sure there was no like creepy
lighting it was all just like flat yeah
especially the solutions it was a not
horror movie lighting I mean maybe they
were doing that intentionally is the
intereste but yeah it just I don't know
I mean you don't like the the basement
scene that middle exorcism was just
brightly lit like it's dark when they
first go down to the basement so you
understand this is a creepy basement but
then they abandon that immediately let's
head her up in the basement because we
thought it might be a more creepy for
your documentary yeah and the logic of
the movie or in the reality of the movie
why would they take this possessed girl
and just put her down and the creepiest
scariest basement ever I mean if you
don't want to possess girl in the room
the bedroom next to us when you're
trying to sleep that's true keep you up
at night and your mother sucks cocks in
hell she keeps it talking about cock
sucking cock so we put them down in the
basement near the wine cellar speaking
of some of the ideas brought up in this
movie you could take a movie like The
Exorcism of Emily Rose
which was based on a true story but
dramatis eyes of course sure
but it brought up that topic of is a
person crazy or as a person possessed
and you know like the evidence back and
forth with which this movie brings up in
a clumsy awful embarrassing way yeah but
that movie was was much better yeah why
even introduced that elements into the
movie if it's not gonna have anything to
do with anything that's a good point The
Exorcism of Emily Rose is about that
they don't bring that up in The Exorcist
you know that's a movie that supposed to
scare you like the girls really
possessed by a demon and these priests
have to stop it I mean maybe they bring
it up mildly but it's not an issue that
comes up and then also I think it came
out last year as a movie called the last
exorcism which is even closer to this
movie and that it is the documentary
style approach to showing an exorcism
okay and that was better done - it's not
a great movie but it has a good central
character it's it's just a more
interesting movie with the same sort of
idea of the documentary about exorcism I
don't mind the phone footage
type movies so I'm former okay well like
Cloverfield
I mean it's alright movie and it's a
found footage movie but they were
they're not trying to say that that's
real like you know the office isn't real
yeah it's just the style
found four voices in the recordings what
does that mean multiple demonic
possession please help my mother when
you have something that's that's unique
and original you know BAM you know you
got the matrix so then they make you
know ballistic base versus semper s
versus sir what was that movie with um
with with Batman what's-his-name with
Christian Bale yeah Oh equilibrium
equilibrium or I can't believe I
remember that Jetley
something the one the one yeah then
there's those or you pulp fiction of
course yeah endless series of dark humor
movies yeah the bad things eight heads
in a duffle bag
all those crime films all these movies
that nobody remembers is the dark comedy
films and then yeah so you always have
those like those watershed films and
then something that that copies it
Paranormal Activity which was made for
like $12,000 yes something like that I
like it so they're like okay the people
like that security camera creepy look
like let's do the documentary
found-footage thing again this is just a
retarded baby from that parentage
yeah I don't even know why they bother
giving movies titles when they come out
this time of year they should all just
be called fuck you it's January every
other poster for every movie love you
it's January fuck you it's January fuck
all of you it's January fuck you it's
now February well we should briefly talk
about the ending of this movie because
that's been a big Oh on Traverse II of
the word on the street
little Johnny on the street he told me
that theaters across the country are
booing at the end of this movie um well
the movie is building to a climax of
course it's only 82 minutes yeah so
you're looking at you're watching you
know there's gonna be some sort of
resolution they're all driving in a car
and then the movie ends yes yes in mid
action in mid action it's it that
actually the ending didn't bother me
that much because all these
found-footage movies and the same way
they all in that exact same way camera
shakes you don't know what's going on
and it's ambiguous as far as if
everybody died or not cut
credits they all kind of end that way
but this one goes that extra mile by
bringing up a title card right after
that with a website address this case
was never solved visit WWF for more info
it's like that's really bold it felt
like the end of Halloween 6 when Donald
Pleasance died during the production
yeah and it's like I'm going to the
abandoned warehouse where Michael Myers
is and I'm going to have the final
confrontation and then then they throw
the mask on the ground and they go via n
I think you hear like your screen your
screen really you're in the movie and
it's like what just happened yeah it's
like and then it goes in memory of
Donald Pleasence it's the worst way to
pay her medical Emory obviously died
during the filming of this movie it felt
like that I mean that's understandable
yeah cuz the guy died but um you know
the director didn't didn't get his
chiropractor to fill in but there's
nihilistic endings that work and there's
ones where it just feels like a cop-out
because they did not end there yeah and
and this one felt like if it was a true
unsolved mystery or unsolved paranormal
thing yeah and you can go and there was
a real story behind it it was very you
know well orchestrated the film and
stuff then it would've been like okay
I'm interested in this story but it was
a made-up thing yeah and then you go to
the website it's like this cheap crappy
website with screen grabs from the movie
you're like what's why did I go to this
website I just realized something Jay
one side this is the history of humanity
this is the history of the world
okay people taking advantage of dumb
masses you'll learn more than five
minutes of an exorcism when you were in
three months in some clubs
it's a it's a small group of people
exploiting the stupidity of a large
group of people guess what the number
one movie at the box office this last
weekend was what the devil inside so Jay
would you recommend the devil inside no
Mike would you recommend the devil
inside no oh the devil inside well now
that we're done discussing that we
should probably get around to signing
Plunkett's life-insurance policy right
poor mr. Plunkett he died way too late
you don't would have saved him what if
he had some sort of magical flying shoes
you mean like flying Ryan has in the
feature film called flying Ryan what
meet Ryan he didn't want to leave his
friends and move here because the kids
in this town are mean and tough and they
really don't like strangers
Sedley scram you're history so let's
talk about flying Ryan Oh flying Ryan
was a user suggested film yes yes that
we we watch on mr. plinkus VCR mm-hmm um
it is a glorious film from 2003
apparently shot on digital video without
a 24 P film look according to the
director's commentary track which the
DVD does inexplicably have it was shot
on the PD 150 the Genesis for this film
happened because the distributor Roger
Corman decided that he wanted to
distribute some movie shot on digital
video this was actually shot on the PD
150 the Sony PT 150 and not film that
digital video the new the new wave but
oddly enough it's the same camera that
another film called the cleaning lady
was shot on it's uh it was it's it's in
glorious four by three aspect ratio yes
a digital video I mean it's it's what
you want in the look of your film want
me to grind your face say McGuire
but for those of you that don't know
which would probably be everybody right
so for that one person that recommended
that we watch he's the only person
decipher must had seen it but fly and
Ryan is the story of a young boy named
Brian who along with his mother moves
into the house of his creepy horror
movie ants and adjusting to life in a
new town is difficult for Ryan until he
acquires a pair of bike reflector things
that are magical and he puts them on the
back of dirty old tennis shoes and they
make him fly
this looks like an exciting children's
adventure story yes he spends most of
the movie getting picked on by bullies
yeah and even in the exciting conclusion
of the film when he's trying to rescue
his dog from the bully that stole his
dog for no reason yeah um he goes into
this like abandoned factory place and
it's all outdoors and it's like and
they're running around on the
scaffolding and the the cat walks and
there's things there and and he never
flies there's all these amazing
opportunities where flying would have
really come in handy and he just doesn't
do it he flies to the location oh right
he flies there which she didn't really
need to but then once he's there he
doesn't fly again at all yeah he could
have hovered around the construction
area look for the dog and then get left
off
um yeah I think we watched this film
with our friend rich Evans what which
some of you may know rich Evans
um rich had mentioned uh that it had the
the typical setup for like a Teen Wolf
kind of movie where oh sure you know
this person gets this magical gift uses
it uses it or and/or abuses it and then
at the end it's taken away from him yeah
and he has to use his own gumption or
his own width or skill or his own heart
to really win the day at the end yeah um
and then nothing like that happens in
this movie no no well even like the
basic premise of a boy gets magical
shoes that can make him fly like that
sounds like a decent kiddie movie
premise but it's not the shoes that make
him fly these reflectors boy I got these
off of one of your father's old model
airplanes my dad's
yes there was some sort of vague
connection to flying mmm but the magical
things well the effects when he does fly
the very few times that he does fly are
amazing
well sometimes it's just a low angle
looking up him and he's just standing
with the sky behind him going or him on
a green screen floating around across
the screen so I can see why they didn't
do the flying effect very often oh oh
they also do a dummy's legs for parts of
it where the cameras like look at all
you see are the legs it's like flying
Ryan is he's 12 I think according to the
back of the box and for one they picked
a pretty friggin ugly kid to be flying
Ryan yeah
that's pretty pretty mean of you to say
yeah he's in the movie and then he's
dating this this this smokin hot latina
yep that's why some people call him a
vessel and and and they have this like I
don't know if it's appropriate to call a
12-year old smoking hot and I'm not even
sure if she was a Latina
anyways um so so it's implied that
they're going to have sex in many scenes
because they they have a sleepover oh
yes they keep sleeping over multiple
nights in a row she sleeps over a lot
they go swimming together in a pool hmm
and then at the end they kiss flyin high
it's a little soon it's a little soon
for kid kiss yeah there shouldn't be
sexual chemistry in a movie starting 12
year olds to leave boobs no you know and
that's that's the point exactly it's
like when you have the the first kiss in
a movie I mean it can be between 12-year
olds but it has to be like sort of a
like a sweet little innocent moment like
a peck in life yeah and that's kind of
what this is but it was in the context
of the end of the movie kiss where the
director and the kids were all awkward
about it today was run away kiss and run
away and it's like yes and then you're
like oh if you repeat you feel dirty
washing it yeah the I lost the erection
that I had throughout the whole film at
that moment so besides for that the
director was apparently a brain-dead
hippie woman that's the great thing
about digital video uh it's mazed me how
flexible the system is with natural
light low light just great yeah so the
movie was released by Roger Corman's
company New Concord and I was curious
about the director I was like who made
this movie who would make this movie
and it's apparently a woman named Linda
Shane who's been working for Roger
Corman for many many years she's been an
actress in several films that he's made
and what are these films um well she was
in humanoids from the deep big bad mama
- of course we all know big bad mama -
um not of this earth which was the first
film starring traci lords that wasn't a
horrible filthy underage porno Munchie
along with much he Strikes Back the
popular sequel what are you looking at
but most noteworthy for her her
groundbreaking performance in the
screwballs the Porky's ripoff screwballs
where she played the iconic role of
Bootsy Goodhead so uh Tim can I give you
some more milk hmm no thanks I have some
more milk
you see Oh I dated a girl named Bootsy
Goodhead oh right it's fucking terrible
at oral sex so listening to the
commentary chuck was infuriating yeah
yeah she talks about it as if he made an
actual movie these figurines
um I've become critical plot points
later on and and here's genève Rupert
the lead aunjanue of the film yeah this
is there's a level of delusion going on
so I started thinking and came up with
magic shoes with one wheel this must
have been like like she had some dirt on
him and so he's like okay go make a
movie with this stuff that we have in
the corner of the basement of our
offices well you better say that that's
that's merely a pinion of yours or it's
a very probably it's probably a very
accurate opinion okay okay and to the
point where I would say that's exactly
what happened I'm sorry our lawyers
calling us oh okay
perhaps roger corman when linda shame um
Shane I'm sorry
when Linda Shane called him up and he
says roger corman and she's Roger it's
Linda
and he goes oh god actually I'd imagine
be who that she says Bootsy Goodhead oh
and then just I want to make a film a
touching family film I don't make family
pictures doll
I don't make touching film and yeah well
I ever he and he gave her like the least
amount of budget money possible yeah and
then when they steal his best friend do
there's a dog in the film which looks
like a rat and and it just shows up
halfway through the film and then it
gets kidnapped
it becomes the main plot point of the
second half of the movie yeah well I
think the reason is so they could put it
on the cover oh yeah
so that absolutely about a little boy
they can fly and he has a dog yeah and
then that's it um but but a truly truly
awful film yes yes hey Jay yes let's see
if flying Ryan can really fly I guess we
just found out why
the sky's the limit oh what a terrible
terrible movie oh yeah
all right signed um what are we supposed
to do with us now mail it out so hey
check out there oh uh mr. blanket how
are you alive I mean why are you here I
thought you're going to the park nah I
decided to lie down in the kitchen floor
for a bit yeah strange the old back out
and another news former British Prime
Minister Margaret Thatcher was killed
today when she was pushed off a bridge
while out for a morning walk the former
head of state was visiting the US on
what was to be her final goodwill tour
ironically she died while wearing a
patriotic American jumpsuit that was
given to her by former President Bill
Clinton
