May 8, 2012
The Avengers and CPHPIX Film Festival
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPyvUd20nEE
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/199942285251719168
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/294738673936952
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/388910561147874
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-avengers

Half in the bag.
I'd buy that for a dollar.
this is my life is my dream
perfect strangers a sir finished high
school this is I should have finished
hang it up J Oh Mike what are you doing
is just a rummaging I got evicted from
my apartment me too and I lost all the
money I made working for mr. Plunkett at
the Indian casino me too
so then I started turning tricks in the
alley I didn't do that hey listen I know
what we should do let's go back to the
VCR repair shop it's been a year since
we've been there maybe some new work has
come in that's great idea let's go yeah
oh hey look it's that new Marvel comic
book superhero movie The Avengers oh
yeah I hear that movies two and a half
hours of things happening oh wow yeah we
should check it out
no but both of us are broke oh yeah wait
a minute there's an alleyway right there
you know what to do trick Turner get to
work
step right up folks get your cocksucker
get Scott suck in bunks 50 cents
I mean $10 $10 step right up
Oh get your cocksucker
hmm oh wow it was a big theater yeah I
would have expected a larger turnout for
opening weekend of the Avengers yeah
well where should we sit
uh right here sure works for me
oh it started okay just in time yeah
oh this is the 1998 Avengers with uma
thurman Rafe Bynes in Shaquille O'Neal
that remains Sean Connery oh I'm sorry
you're right I always get them confused
- understandable they're both black
yeah you know this isn't a big deal I
actually have a torrent of the New
Avengers on my iPhone oh sweet
yeah let's just watch that yeah is that
Sam Jetson
no that's Scarlett Johansson here with
the mission sir trying to get me back in
the world trying to save it
dr. I need you to come in what if I say
I'll persuade you
what are you asking me to do
it's called the Avengers initiative so
we just saw the Avengers and I don't
think it really needs much of an
introduction I think you all pretty much
know the Avengers at this point yes
unless you've been living under a rock
yes yes which I have been oh that's not
very comfortable I've tried it before
but yeah the Avengers is the new Marvel
action-adventure superhero movie and
it's written and directed by Joss Whedon
yes of the Buffy the Vampire Fame
Firefly dollhouse etc most recently we
writing cabin in the woods
yeah you having a Joss Whedon kind of
summer all right um and yeah it's it's
the first big summer blockbuster action
movie of the 2012 summer season and we
just saw it on Jays iPhone so Jay what
did you think of the Avenger uh I
thought it was great I had a really
great time a lot of fun good characters
action that was well executed you could
tell what was happening this is a movie
that had extreme potential to just be a
complete disaster
yeah it's kind of a miracle that it
works at all everything was working
against it I think as far as all these
different characters cuz that was my
first thought was like okay these
characters kind of work in their own
individual movies but when you put them
all standing next to each other it's
gonna look horribly silly and stupid and
it doesn't it actually kind of works
yeah you had you had reservations or
fears before you're like it's gonna be a
clusterfuck I was really worried that it
was just yeah too many characters too
much to keep track of too many
pre-existing you know mythologies with
all these different series of movies
well I think the the precursor for that
or the the big warning was the x-men
movies the second and third well the
second one was great but the third one
particular yeah where it was like there
was a character overload and not enough
time to focus on one individual thing
yeah so I think the having those those
films ahead of them the Thor movie the
Captain America movie it's like those
really good planning yeah instead of
just jumping into an Avengers movie
having those original origin films yeah
to kind of set the stage for everybody
except for the minor characters of
course like a black widow and
Hawkeye yeah yeah we're probably the two
least developed in the movie grizzly
what are they doing what's their thing
yeah developed enough cuz Black Widow
was in the Iron Man movies and and of
course we had to Hulk movies yeah
although I don't think the the first on
the Angley one is not canon with this
series of movies they had to reboot that
immediately yeah I don't know what's
canon or what isn't at this point it's
in the same with the comic books it's
like I was shit everywhere it doesn't
matter no not really as long as it's an
entertaining movie now well that's
that's what's amazing is how everyone is
given the appropriate amount of screen
time yeah or it's like if you're a huge
comic book fan and you really love
Captain America this works is a really
good Captain America movie okay if you
really like the Hulk it works as a good
Hulk movie yeah everybody is sort of
given enough time to shine and then the
best stuff in the movie for me is the
action scenes are well done but the best
stuff is just the the scenes where the
movie sort of relaxes and just lets
these characters yeah interacts yeah
with all these different types of
personalities I've seen you know who
gets along with who who are used with
who which is great that there is a lot
of bickering in this they're just
constantly arguing with each other which
I enjoy yeah what one thing that I
enjoyed the most in the movie was and I
think a lot of comic book fans will
enjoy is when they fought each other
our 400% capacity how about that yeah I
was thinking about that it's like
bringing out the the inner child in you
or you're like I wonder what would
happen if Thor fought Ironman you know
and then there's no they're both the
heroes they shouldn't be fighting each
other but you want to see my deed show
their justice II hood when and they and
I they work in scenes like that where
it's not just them you know they have
their conflicts and there's logical
reasons why they end up fighting with
each other
yeah and it's and that those were the
neater neater parts of the movie for me
not so much the end batter but when Thor
fought the Hulk and when Thor fought
Iron Man yeah those are great right yeah
and then Captain America shows us a step
in the middle of it cuz he's Captain
America and that's what he does yes
this comes off as something like where
you have to be a real super nitpicking
nerd not to enjoy the movie not to go
okay well me they took some artistic
Liberty here and they're like people
that complain about the Lord of the
Rings movies like they didn't include
this regular day today it's like the
fucking movies are two and a half hours
long age and how the hell can you make
that yeah you have to have that logical
part of your brain and when you're
making an Avengers movie where you have
like six or seven team members on this
yeah there are all these crazy
characters and you're trying to make one
movie about this team it's like they did
it as best as you could yeah in my
opinion I am I am oh H in in my honest
opinion humble IMHO there was an idea to
bring together
a group of remarkable people so when we
needed them they could fight the battles
we never could
let me ask you this J what makes it
enjoyable
what made it enjoyable for you the
characters and the performances and the
way everybody played off each other okay
there's good action and that's the thing
is the action is that it's execute in a
way where you can tell what's happening
stuff there it's it's classy it's classy
action
well that's the thing as the ending
reminded me a lot of Transformers three
then they have a big transformers thing
flying around Chicago like smashing
through building well I know about the
uh Nina's from the trailer since I
didn't see the second half oh that's
right that's the thing is that there's a
difference between that and this is that
you feel more connected to this yeah um
you feel like I understand visually
what's happening it's not just a
clusterfuck where you don't know what's
going on that was a minor complaint of
mine was that there was too much action
too much action really I started to get
like okay there no see there were eight
yeah there were portions for me where I
was like okay this could use a little
more action mainly in the middle chunk
of the movie which is probably my
biggest complaint of the movie is that
the middle chunk the middle the entire
second act takes place on that ship that
floating ship yeah and it got to a point
cuz it's a long movie and it got to a
point I was like alright get off the
ship get off the ship like we need a new
location I disagree that I mean that's
where they they had all the character
stuff and that's where a lot of the plot
stuff was from and I felt sorry for like
the regular movie-going audience in that
one scene where they're all yelling at
each other oh that was yes a fast-paced
like Joss Whedon dialogue and
significant boob it's just everybody
argument here each other what's going on
and trying to keep up with it yeah and
um
how desperate I
call on such lost creatures
very desperate
we're not a team
well Jay let's start back at the
beginning what did you think about the
first 20 minutes or so I was worried
about the movie when I first started
that opening scene that's sort of heist
with the the low key character stealing
the the MacGuffin cube and then stellan
skarsg√•rd being brainwashed and all
that stuff it felt like like a like a
opening scene of a TV show something
about it felt really like small and
cheap and I was a little worried I was
like Oh No
especially since Joss Whedon has never
done anything on this scale and this is
a big movies done smaller things so it's
like uh-oh is he out of his out of his
league here but it quickly writes itself
after that scene yeah yeah I thought the
the plot was serviceable I mean you
can't get too well cloudy with a movie
like yeah this is a movie that really
isn't about the plot it's and every time
there was stretches of exposition or
science jargon my eyes just sort of
glazed over yeah as I won just win a
Scarlett Johansson gonna kick somebody
so I'm going to see her hindquarters
there there are a number of shots like
that yeah we should point out that this
is a movie that has a little something
for everybody
mm-hmm and you get you got a Scarlett
Johansson and tight black leather but
you also get Mark Ruffalo nude with
Harry Dean Stanton right so they had a
checklist there like which dude should
take all their clothes off Chris Evans
no Chris Hemsworth no Mark Ruffalo well
oh yeah you know what magasin even even
hotter Harry Dean Stanton Stanton he's
90 years old and he can barely walk
Marc hot put on these dirty clothes yeah
number one thing was there was no tact
on horrible love story yes yeah where
it's like we don't have time for this
you know the old case of the not gays
yeah where they didn't have to squeeze
all that in like oh Captain America is a
lady friend it seems like something
where the studio would be like Captain
America needs to meet a new lady or one
of yeah I guess it would mainly be
captain
there's too many dudes on this team of
superheroes all of them have to hit on
Scarlett Johansson up a little bit
none of that it's just like focused on
comic book story right and it didn't
bring in that crap they there was lots
of humor present but it was witty humor
yeah it was a Joss Whedon's witty humor
and it wasn't dumb humor
and it wasn't every character constantly
spouting wisecracks it was a lot of Tony
Stark doing it which is appropriate for
him right because he's a smartass
Captain America isn't cracking stupid
jokes during the end action scene oh yes
yes he's more you know down to business
the characters remain consistent the
only thing that annoyed me in the movie
um well one I thought there was too much
action which is weird um I know it's
weird but another myth I was like read
him out I was like who's gonna clean all
this up it's like Avengers you know
property damage the movie like what if
they lose themselves it cuts to them the
next day and they're just like we're
gonna broom down the street
the one sequence that bugged me was that
I thought you know dipped into the
Michael Bay kind of stupid territory was
when um black widow was thrown into the
air and jumped on one of those things
yeah I would have preferred a scene
where she like scaled the building like
realistically
yeah very the over a course of a couple
different edits where keep cutting back
to her and like things are falling on
her because she's not a superhero she's
just a regular human right and I thought
that was a little ridiculous her flying
around on that thing and jump yeah it
yeah that does stand out especially
because everybody else is used so
appropriately as far as like okay
Captain America he needs to be on the
ground you know and an Iron Man can fly
around and Hulk is gonna jump in stash
into buildings like everybody kind of
has their place and they'll play off
each other really well so yeah her just
jumping on it thing was a little it
reminded me of the Dungeons & Dragons
movie when Thora Birch was riding the
dragon at the end how can I forget some
drag that's by the way if you haven't
seen the Dungeons & Dragons movie you
should watch it it's amazing it's it's
better than The Avengers I would say
yeah and that's high praise yeah in
terms of scope and visual effects and
you know sure budget and dialogue I or
menses yeah everything everything that's
amazing
one minor issue I thought about was that
the main villain Loki is sort of absent
for the entire and battle yeah you know
it's all these these flying dragon robot
alien things whatever they are and
they're just cannon fodder you know
there's no sort of personality to them
and it almost needs like you know like
if Loki as the Emperor needed a Darth
Vader you needed it's someone that's
that same species as them but more of a
higher up than either Captain American
Captain America could fight or Iron Man
or something a minor boss a minor boss
yeah it didn't really have that it just
had lots of disposable yeah a little
alien guys well I mean number one with
the movie great great cast great
characters great dialogue yeah all built
around the framework of glowing
MacGuffin
and a pseudo revenge I want to take over
the world plot yeah and and and if I
were to just say a minor thing and and
it's almost like a given it's like okay
you're making an Avengers movie what's
the plot who cares
the plot is whatever gets them together
and and yet working with each other you
have to kind of turn your brain into the
mind side it's like the plot is the guy
wants to take over the world and they
have to stop him they have to formulate
a team and um and if I were to just look
at it as a movie I would say the only
thing is just some sort of real good
motivation from Loki I mean it was set
up in the Thor movie yeah but yeah you
know I was there it wasn't super strong
right um good enough for this and
acceptable but the the lack of the lack
of the dumb love story the lack of the
heavy-handed we have to work as a team
kind of crap it was in there but it was
like sprinkling it in mildly well any
word it was very natural as far as them
discovering in a way that made sense
where it wasn't there wasn't a big
speech about how they have to work
together it's like oh you can do this
and I can do this they don't we make
those two work together you know they
almost discover it naturally yeah and I
like that I appreciated that this sets
the bar pretty high for the rest of the
summer it does yeah so how do you think
this movie will compare to battleship
I think battleship will sink at the box
office
oh it's a good thing you had at that
last part I didn't get it
no offense but I don't play well with
others big man in a suit armor take that
away what are you genius billionaire
playboy philanthropist that's another
thing that was great in this movie was
the details I love your little fun
details my favorite was when Thor was
fighting the Hulk and he goes like this
to get his hammer and he's waiting oh
yeah
somewhere on the ship is the hammer and
he's just standing there and it's like
yeah and then finally it starts coming
through the walls and it just comes like
it must have been like you know halfway
across the ship and it's just busting
through everything to get to him yeah
yeah we're realistic logic yet works in
the sake of this fantastical story right
it's like you can grab his hammer but it
still has to get there it's like we're
on the ship and he doesn't know where
but he's gonna make it come to him yeah
and and there's some good stuff with the
Hulk - like yeah unwieldy Ness of his
power yes we won't want us don't want to
spoil but yeah yeah lots of good stuff
with the Hulk I think that was my
favorite uh aspect of the movie was the
whole I like the way he was handled yeah
and I like Mark Ruffalo in the role yeah
um a lot more than what was the Eric
Bana
Eric Bana and I didn't see the Edward
Norton one I can't say but it's it's not
a good movie superheroes - now the Hulk
isn't a superhero he works in this where
he's a part of a larger thing yes he
works in this context in very limited
capacity
Hulk can't carry a future no no Anna
spite being so strong the irony is that
Hulk cannot carry a feature yeah yeah
well and he comes across a sort of a
breath of fresh air in this movie where
everybody's sort of clever and creative
about their powers and the Hulk just
runs around and breaks things there's
like a blunt simplicity to him that's
interesting yeah
so Mike would you recommend the Avengers
no would you recommend the Avengers no
fuck that movie cheap special-effects
fucking cheap ass
so that was the Avengers I wonder what
Marvel's gonna do now that they've
completely blown their wad yeah blow
their wad multiple times over and over
again until that wad ceases to produce
money hmm ah shit
I'll be right back oh look
time to play some Tetris
oh okay I'm back
where'd you go Denmark wait what
once done mark can work just now yeah
was it fuck what's the problem so what
were you doing in Denmark well Jay I
went to Copenhagen Denmark to the CPH
pix Film Festival okay which is the
Copenhagen Film Festival and and they
screened the cop dog review and the 70
minute Phantom Menace review now is this
something like the day contact you and
say we want you to come to our festival
or yes they emailed me and invited me
along and at first I said uh I ignored
the email at first and then they emailed
back and said we can pay for your trip
and your hotel and everything and I said
okay you'll go anywhere for a free trip
now I'll go and but I have never been to
Europe and so as my first trip overseas
to Europe and it was exciting everything
was weird there um I met a lot of nice
people and went out and drank some
Danish beers
this all happened just now that's
amazing yeah but I didn't realize I was
sitting here for so long yeah you were
well I was playing Tetris perhaps I'm
fine bye but yeah it was a really fun
time um a lot of people showed up to the
screening in fact it was sold out the
screen of The Phantom Menace review yes
all doubt mmm that's impressive hundred
and eighty people or something so Wow um
how many of those people would you say
were aware of the review beforehand or
how many just went because they were
going to a film festival most of them
had seen it before I asked I said who
who has seen this before I was kind of
worried at first because I didn't I was
expecting like you know ten or so people
to show up that had seen the reviews and
the most most of the audience to be like
just random film festival people yeah or
just like well it's been proven in the
past that public screenings of our stuff
doesn't have much of a turnout right
so what you're saying is given the
history of three to three-and-a-half
people showing up I was expecting the
worst yeah and I was shocked at the
number of people that came and it was
great
they were very excitable and excited and
we played the cop dog review and it went
over very well
it was fun time and you know I was given
some gifts some Danish beer a Lego set
someone gave me a pie someone gave you a
pie and a sticker sticker to the same
person that gave you the pie gave you
the sticker no a different person that
gave me the pie gave me the sticker okay
I'm very curious about the pie the
Danish love their bicycles okay
like more people ride bikes than cars
there and occasionally they drive them
around drunk it's a very weird country
but yeah after the screening the next
night was the closing events of the film
festival and there's a nice dinner for
all the filmmakers that came and then
after that there was you know the awards
presentation there was lots of drinking
of course and they're a band played I
don't know I think it was a Danish band
I didn't know who they were I watched a
little bit of it did you get the
opportunity to talk to any other
filmmakers that were at the events or
see any other films I did not see any
other films Wow
I saw Iron Sky while I was there which
was not in the festival which was not in
the festival gala but I talked to a
couple other filmmakers but I didn't get
a chance to see any other films I did
see a talk by um Nicolas Winding reppin
the Jack drove drive yes yes he
apparently he not apparently but he
lives in Copenhagen
he's Danish you know and he lives very
close to the festival so he came and did
a hour long talk and basically told
everyone that Hollywood is a soulless
horrible machine
that will chew you up and spit you out
and you know he he conveyed this
information within an hour very
concisely all right it was it was
beautiful it was a beautiful event I
really enjoyed that
and I walked around the city took a lot
of pictures there are lots of buildings
that was the weird thing is that when
they first contacted me I looked at the
festival website I looked at all the
films and I was like are you sure this
looks like a kind of a highbrow you know
foreign film festival are you sure you
want like horrible schlock like your
Film Festival in there yeah yeah you
know it's comedy it's a new form of
comedy of Ottawa and um and when I was
there I met some of the other filmmakers
and a lot of them were from all of them
were from Europe France Germany and they
all have highbrow intellectual artistic
films and what what is your thing what
that is if well you see I'm probably
your impression of yourself yeah I am
from Wisconsin that's how they hear me
okay
I'm from Wisconsin I mean it's 70 minute
long video I'll talk about how Star Wars
is stupid and oh yes
what and I said well what's your from
its College Avenue a show was your honor
and you look what it's called Jevons uh
German
okay bye
so yeah and you're like it takes like
six minutes to describe what the review
is Phantom Menace review you're like
well it's a thing and it's a thing and
then it did this and then it was this
and then I look and then they go then
their eyes glaze over their eyes glaze
over or they do the this is when a
foreign person has no fucking clue what
you're saying they go wow I guess we
should get out of here yeah so it's
getting kind of creepy why do you say
that because her hand is on my leg
oh I thought that was the see rust yeah
I'm sure you did yeah well back to the
VCR repair shop I wonder if it's still
in business I wonder what happened to
mr. Plunkett huh I guess we'll have to
wait and see
