Mar 15, 2012
Silent House and John Carter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSFyotLlhxA
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/180380422591619072
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/163159010472101
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-silent-house-and-john-carter

Half in the bag.
Eat my shorts, you fuck.l
what are you doing oh nothing
what are you doing other than sneaking
up on me where'd you find those they
were on the floor when I came in today
oh god do you think those belong to
Sheila I'm certain of it
yeah I think it's been seeing a lot of
her lately yeah literally
do you find it weird that every time she
comes to pick him up for a date she
makes sure that he brings all of his
cash yeah and she also wants him to
bring his life insurance policy and the
deed to his house and his will yeah and
she picks him up in a hearse go naama
dude can't wait for my date today oh
yeah wow you're in a good mood and you
can walk I'm getting ready to go on my
date with Sheila that's why she wants to
go to some place called Best Buy or
something pack whatever the lady wants I
don't care as long as I get laid oh oh
that just painted a mental picture in my
mind of what that's like a Bob Ross
painting uh-oh
but I gotta say without blinking here
this house has been really silent lately
sure has Jay it's been a Silent House
this spring what does that get you this
is an iPhone iPhone uh-huh hello oh
there's nobody then get Suzanne hell was
that I was like a movie trailer started
playing right after I said that don't
forget to dot the i's that isn't even
related to what you said at all no nor
shoot it at that Touchstone Pictures
presents Bette Midler and Shelley Long
oh my god here comes another
don't fuck that one was it was the
trailer for outrageous fortune
oh shit hit another one lives through
events ooh what is happening hey Dad hey
sweetie
I checked your Facebook page
what's-his-name wrote on your wall again
never a dick dude how long's it been
since you right here a long time yes
what are you doing here named Silent
House is a minimalist horror film
starring the lesser-known and infinitely
more talented Olsen sister Elizabeth did
you even know there was another Olsen
sister until this movie they're like
lice that keep appearing in your hair
the film is shot in a style meant to
give the audience the illusion that what
they're seeing was filmed in one
continuous shot and happening in real
time as an afterthought to that gimmick
the filmmakers decided to slap together
a story about a girl trapped in a house
being tormented by an unknown presence
there was intent so Mike what did you
think of Silent House Silent House um
that should be retitled silent theater
no because everyone was bored yes yes I
I liked the first half and then it takes
a drastic turn for the worst halfway
through its it was fairly good set up
it's another one of those style over
substance movies yeah seems to be
cropping up and and it only works in
certain movies like drive was a style
over substance movie this also is where
it's like if you just if you visualize
the movie it's just a story
shot traditionally you'd be like well
yeah but because it has that gimmick
element to it either the found footage
or a one-take thing or extremely
stylized like drive where it's like the
gimmick kind of overrides it or helps it
and like you said it takes place all in
one shot not realistically because there
are little moments where they have to
kind of sneak in edits you have - yeah
the hidden cuts
yeah which are not too noticeable in
this I've seen other movies done in this
style where they're way more blatant I
think you and I will probably
pick out where they're at yeah but I
don't even think the general audience in
the theater with us probably even knew
that it was in one shop I'll even
thought about it yeah yeah it was sort
of like a kind of a wasted effort
it wasn't like accentuating the one-shot
miss because he is constantly doing this
and then and this and and almost those
almost substitute for edits I always
think a good fella's and the scene when
when Ray Liotta takes her into the into
the restaurant Thanks
what are you doing you leave in your car
what is it for this long choreographed
sequence that's impressive
and you're like oh wow this is all one
shot and everything's kind of and they
bring out the table and then they pan up
and the guy starts doing is jokes and
you you realize that everything's done
in one shot yeah mainly because it
doesn't change perspective that right
this is like it was like why not just
have cuts there what's the point yeah
yeah there's another film called Russian
arc that's about Russian history that
was all done actually done in one shot
there's no hidden cuts or anything yeah
and that has hundreds of extras and this
is amazingly complex choreography of
performances and camera movements and
that's more impressive than just a girl
running around in a house and every time
they need to cut just shake the camera
drastically yes so it's like it's not
that hard I say that I could do it I
probably would fuck it up it's it's it
doesn't need it but the big problem is
it doesn't need that but without it it
would be even less interesting than it
is now yes so maybe people would go
based on that gimmick like oh it's a one
one take movie that's neat let me go see
yeah and really the script is like a
first year screenwriting student like
there's there's two rules that I learned
in film school to never do it's never
open your film with an alarm clock going
off sure and never end your film by
saying it was all a dream
those are like the kind of cliches and
this ending felt like that well without
getting too specific on the spoilers
it's the equivalent of the it was all a
dream
yeah idea or it was this person all
along yeah where it's like a roll your
eyes because it's been done so many
times in fact we made a movie just like
it called the recover
we made a movie we made a movie called
the recovered and it is probably equally
as lame as this movie where a girl she's
in this house these repressed memories
come up very similar in a lot of ways
unfortunately yeah but in our defense we
slapped that script together we just
wanted to make a horror movie we were
kind of focusing more on visuals yeah
I mean the story is about you know it's
kind of like a obviously a haunted house
kind of movie and she's in the house and
she starts hearing things and it
escalates and things get weirder and
then it becomes apparent that there's
something or someone in the house with
her and then this backstory starts to
develop where she sees this little girl
and there's like some sort of murder
might have taken place or something like
that and then sort of like towards the
end like reality starts to shift and
she's on the ceiling and there's blood
and she sees she sees like sort of like
a history yeah echoed memories from the
past and it almost becomes kind of
Shining esque where you see that blood
coming out of the toilet toilet mounted
on the wall in blood stripping out it's
surreal at that point what yes
interesting that yeah and I'm like I
hope the movie just ends here but then
it does that twist at the end and it's
it's like it the movie just like hung
itself yeah and it like that shat on the
audience yeah I was hoping at that point
where the toilet was on the wall and
blood was dripping down and she saw the
little girl in the bathtub I was hoping
it would just go completely off the
rails and just get incredibly surreal
and bizarre and and kind of make you
sort of pieced together your own idea
what it might what might have happened
instead of over explaining everything in
the most simplistic and stupid manner
possible yeah it's it's a risk to do the
big the big twist ending it's like it
either pays off or doesn't like some
sense kind of ending where it's like oh
yeah well and that's a movie that has
repeat value to where you learn the
twist and it makes you want to go back
and re-evaluate the whole movie this
movie it's so lame you're just done with
it yeah I never want to see this again
yeah that and uh halfway through I was
like okay I kind of like this because
they're not taking things over the top
but then that simplicity started to work
against it when it just became someone
walking around the house with a
flashlight for now and it's I'm you're
like I actually was thinking this in the
theater I'm like I can just close my
eyes and kind of start to relax and when
I hear something that's when I know the
next thing has happened and then I can
reopen my eyes and kind of figure out
what happened next because it was that
it was like BAM something happens run
scared screaming breathing breathing
looking around with a flashlight for 25
minutes and then another thing happens
yeah okay more progression of the plot
okay
it reminded me of there's a movie that
came out a few years ago called house of
the devil which is a great little horror
film if you haven't seen it I highly
recommend house of the devil this is it
directed by ty West a very good movie
where there are long stretches of a girl
in a house by yourself just walking
around but it's incredibly engaging and
because of the way it's shots because of
the the atmosphere the music and the
sound and this is where you just get so
bored watching her walk around this
house let's talk about wardrobe we only
s yes yeah we rarely ever talk about
costumes or wardrobes on the show but we
have both a a complaint and a compliment
I guess in the same is that the main
character who's played by Elizabeth
Olsen yes who is a young lady she is the
younger of the Olsen sisters very good
in the movie yeah yeah very very
something we should we should mention
too is that elizabeth Olsen is really
good in the movie but um the whole movie
literally the whole movie she has a gray
sweatshirt on and like a tank top right
tank top white undershirt that is
extremely low-cut well we're trying to
say without sounding like creepy
perverts is that you're constantly
distracted by your cleavage through the
whole movie
yes the whole movie I kept looking down
at her Olsen twins
I think people just want a good
old-fashioned ghost story sometimes not
some horrible psychological thriller
crap we also saw John Carter which is a
new sci-fi adventure film starring
Taylor Kitsch Willem Dafoe and Lucy
Lawless John Carter is based on a series
of novels by author Edgar Rice Burroughs
and tells the tale of John Carter from
jasoom
who travels to Barsoom meets Tharks and
is entangled in a war to stop sab than
the jeddak of zodanga
but Matai Shang a hekkador and leader of
the Therns is manipulating sab fan into
conquering the helium's and into
marrying Dejah Thoris a jeddak cretak
plug but Tars Tarkas Sarkoja Sola and Wu
Liu the qalaat are out to stop sab fan
and Matai Shang from Crabbe dangling the
Franko Chang's blingo blingo bought Thor
kiss Franco Frank one of those the plot
all that stuff he just said yeah you saw
the movie didn't you get on
JOHN CARTER fights for us so Jay what
did you think of John Carter
I liked John Carter in that way where
you have to raise the pitch of your
voice at the end of your sentence I
liked the movie Bob um I I think I'm
more admired it then actually liked it
because it's a good movie it does a lot
of things right and it's it does a lot
of things that we usually criticize
other movies for not doing it's
well-made its competence there is
attention made to the characters and the
story development the action is fun and
it's in service of the plots all these
things that are good and there's still
something about it that just wasn't
wasn't clicking for me and I think it's
stems from two things the first one
being just my personal tastes just
general kind of disinterest in the story
being told and the other one which will
probably get more into is kind of an
inflated sense of purpose sort of
needlessly epic and it's its scope
because it's a relatively simple story
really yeah well I I was about to use
the exact same word admired because it
is a good movie and I think you're not a
sci-fi fan I'm probably more of a sci-fi
fan than you are um but I think that's
that's one of the problems with it is
that it's a little it's it's like it
doesn't quite fit with today's audiences
the story that is because it's not and
that's that's part of what I liked about
it it's it's a real throwback kind of
movie it reminded me a lot totally it
felt especially early on it felt like an
80s again a sort of fantasy movie yeah
sort of a more innocent time with big
summer blockbusters yeah well serving
corny and fun this this author and this
book the series of books is very old yes
you know he wrote Tarzan too and it's
not really science fiction in the league
of like Isaac Asimov for Ray Bradbury or
Clarke kind of stuff this author was
more it more pulp and the movie reflects
that
reflects that and it's it's more
adventure you know kind of stuff and
it's more simple and and that's what I
liked about is I didn't have all the
modern-day like goofy crap in there it's
it's shot in a very a classical way a
very traditional way which I appreciate
is it's a fun movie and I think kids
will like it yeah even though they
probably won't understand what the
hell's going on well that's one of the
problems for me was so much of the
language in the movie and keeping track
of all these bizarre names and all these
bizarre things like you watch Star Wars
and there's Princess Leia okay I know
what a princess is and this movie
everyone had these weird titles and it's
hard to keep track of titles and names
and I think would have been okay with
this movie considering that it's not
very widely known to kind of not adhere
so closely to the source material share
sort of change names this you know
change jeddak to king yeah and all that
stuff where you're just like change the
name helium yeah the Devils in the
details
sure what kind of like the details were
bogging it down yeah and causing
confusion when when the overall big
picture was just as big grandiose like
sci-fi action movie damn for kids teens
young adults and he was like oh it works
on that level but why the fuck are they
called helium of it trying to steal
helium gas no that's all helium okay I
kind of admired in a way that they kept
all the proper terminology for things
but at the same time you sort of have to
go into that knowing you're gonna
alienate a large portion of the audience
yeah unless the story was simple and the
story wasn't super simple the motivation
of the bad guys the the blue energy
transistor that's among guys guys the
most guys who blows goo blows who
transported from the gold cave tomorrow
yeah and what were they doing in the
overall grand scheme of things yeah but
there's supposedly lots of other stories
so maybe
that but but that's sort of like what
was at stake and what what you know what
was the ultimate goal why was John
Carter fighting well that's that's what
I mean when I say sort of an inflated
sense of purpose as if it was especially
since it's the entry point for a
potential franchise which you don't be
at this point yeah I mean the main story
of this guy from Earth getting
transported to Mars and leading an army
like there's a way to simplify that and
streamline it to the point where you're
not constantly have to over constantly
having to explain the mythology of what
you're watching to keep the audience up
to speed yeah because there is so much
shit in so many weird terms and phrases
and characters yeah you can compare it
to Star Wars quite a bit because it has
the you know the fish-out-of-water
character yeah who's thrown into this
big war and and there's you know but
Star Wars just nailed it because it's
like bad guys test our Death Star coming
to blow a planet you're on yeah you know
and and this was more quasi about who
what the final goal was of the movie
yeah not that all movies need to be that
simple but you should have should be
able to follow the story a little more
clearly in a right sure sure sure but
but in a movie that's aimed at 15 year
old boys right which which Star Wars was
which this is now it should be a little
good and bad should be a little more
clear-cut because this is a kitty
fantasy movie yeah it's not a highbrow
high concept science fiction film I did
not cause this
but I will end it nothing must stand in
our way
let's see what he's capable of some
characterization layers some nice stuff
from interesting sets costumes
great action reactions fun yeah when
there's there's long stretches where
they're trying to make sure the audience
knows what's going on but then when it
gets down to the action it's it's well
choreographed it's fun it's not overly
complicated or goofy and as I said
before it's in service of the story you
know and I would I would recommend this
movie I think III see this movie having
the same sort of fate as a lot of
big-budget movies that don't really find
an audience in theaters it'll like a
like Tron or a movie like like dune
David Lynch is dune where it sort of
finds an audience later it becomes sort
of a more of a cult movie III see this
movie kind of ending up like that where
yeah it doesn't connect with a wide
audience but the people that are
interested in the subject matter will
probably really enjoy it yeah expensive
movie if you want to watch money burning
on the screen well this this fits that
idea when people say you know it's all
up but all the money is up on the screen
this is certainly bad I mean it's a big
movie it looks expensive it's a big
spectacle movie and it's fairly well
done and it's not condescending that's
the beginning yeah and it's enjoyable
it's it's it's the extent of what you
can do with the movie technologically
and financially right now I think yeah
other than something like avatar or
something so some it doesn't piss you
off didn't kiss me
it doesn't piss you off that's probably
the best doesn't piss you off that
should be on the poster but I think this
needs
I think Disney expected this to do
avatar business when they first sort of
started putting it together and ain't
gonna do avatar all all about the name
yeah it called it Mars war although
avatar is sort of like a big what name
and that turned out well yeah avatar is
a finding it's not John Carter
JOHN CARTER
so Jay do you think I'll ever make a
prequel to John Carter I don't know what
would you call it Nell Carter
I'll give me a break oh I'll get that
hello hi guys I'm talking to you from
Bluetooth via my new iPhone where are
you at oh I'm at Best Buy did you guys
know that DVD players play movies no I I
haven't heard that I thought only VHS
players played movies we got a big
problem
holy shit is that what I think it is
it's the entire series run of night corn
on DVD even season one with the old
white lady instead of the black chick
what's he doing they have everything on
DVD get him to stay there for what you
have a plan I have an idea to get him to
stay at the Best Buy for a while mr.
blinken if you go in the TV department
they've got a nice black leather couch
maybe you should fuck that bitch on that
couch
awesome estefania tan no ass man fine
they give you a 50% discount on whatever
you buy if you're not wearing your pants
trying to get him arrested so that it
takes longer to come home mr. blanket
stay at the Best Buy for as long as you
can we'll see you later let's go
oh my god we got back just in time plink
it's right behind us
hi guys I got my new DVD player from
Best Buy
Oh mr. blanket we got you a birthday
present
it's not my birthday yeah it's a belated
birthday gift why don't you open it well
I can open and I'm holding my new
expensive DVD player oh Jesus Christ
we'll fucking open it down here there it
is what is it it's an entire box of
movies that are only available on VHS
only on VHS not on DVD yes like to catch
a Yeti starring meatloaf country line
dancing volumes 1 & 2 oh fuck mother's
meeting to pray for their children in
schools vital man starring Charles in
Charge
my left foot starring Daniel day-lewis
Dorf goes fishing death lists look what
I made paper playthings and gifts the
creation adventure team parenting today
that little girl sure likes balls the
donut man
and lastly covert Bailey's total body
power yo-yo diets so what do you think
oh you guys well who needs DVD players
and I've got friends like you oh that
reminds me you owe us money
yeah it's eleven hundred and seventy
five dollars actually we worked all last
week yeah you haven't paid us okay let
me just get my checkbook now this guy's
a total fucking idiot
