Jun 28, 2012
Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter and That's My Boy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXXOlXmz6nE
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/218563231189434368
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/439082749459996
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-abraham-lincoln-vampire-hunter-and-thats-my-boy

Half in the bag.
Movies gave me scabies.
well it's nice to take a break and see a
couple movies but it's time to get back
to the VCR repair shop we're almost
there
J we're always almost there when are we
gonna get there
look it's only a few miles down third
Street there hey you guys oh sure
whoo
feels good to get a ride oh yeah yeah
thanks for picking us up guys
yeah thanks a lot we're we're going to
the lightning-fast VCR repair shop it's
only about five miles up the road there
they're not responding to you know do
you think maybe they're deaf that's
possible both of them I don't know it's
weird hopefully we're not being
kidnapped hopefully they're just taking
us to a family cookout ooh do you think
that we hotdogs at the cookout I know
they'll be hotdogs at the cookout holy
shit this is the best day ever a ride so
what'd you think of those two movies we
just saw
four score and seven years ago there is
darkness everywhere mr. Lincoln Abraham
Lincoln vampire hunter is the touching
story of a teenaged girl growing up in
the turbulent 1960s she discovers the
secrets of life love and the magic of
bees shut up oh I'm I'm sorry yeah well
we'll try and keep it down back here so
J what did you think of Abraham Lincoln
vampire hunter oh I did not like Abraham
Lincoln vampire hunter really not at all
no oh I liked some elements of it I
would say I enjoyed maybe the last 20
minutes thirty minutes yeah when the
movie actually developed a story I
started to enjoy it but that's about it
my overall reaction to the movie was
lukewarm until the ending when I thought
it concluded very well yeah I had some
problems a lot of problems with it um
it's one of those movies where obviously
the title generates laughter we are
familiar with the title from an episode
of Party Down you haven't seen Party
Down check it out it's a funny show
you're Edgar Allen Poe yeah a graphic
novel it's the writer but he's killing
vampires his letters next movie Wow
you're Edgar Allan Poe fucking up
vampires in old Baltimore it's basically
making a joke about the the lack of
ideas in Hollywood well this is such a
ridiculous premise but it's being made
into a movie right that episode aired in
like 2009 yeah
and mm table 24 2009 that's very
specific and then in March of 2010 the
book Abraham Lincoln vampire hunter came
out right so roughly a year later and
ironically another coincidence is that
an actor in an episode of Party Down is
also in Baberaham Lincoln vampire hunter
the guy who plays Jack jackal Onassis a
sort of Marilyn Manson type character in
one episode of party down plays a main
major role in this movie so there's some
loose connections
I wonder if Seth grahame-smith was aware
of the party down episode when he
writing Abraham Lincoln vampire hunter
or if it's cosmic just a really weird
coincidence that two people would have
such an odd idea yeah at the same time
you are not implying that he stole the
idea I would never imply that he stole
the idea no no nobody steals ideas in
Hollywood I'm positing in the new world
for centuries
we are engaged in a great Civil War I
think the the thing that I like the most
about it was the script really because
it was it was tight
it wasn't like all over there was a part
where it um it kind of ran out of steam
and then it picked back up again with
the Train part I guess no pun intended
oh I like the fact that like when I saw
the trailer was like oh it's going to be
a young Abraham Lincoln yeah and then
they flash-forward to the Civil War time
and he gets back that's when the movie
picked up for me once once he got the
beard then I was onboard yeah but before
that and it's funny that you say you
like the script because that was one of
the bigger issues for me was not only
the script but also just the way it was
executed it felt every scene felt like
it was rushing to get to the next scene
the editing and the pacing of the movie
felt really constantly trying to push
forward and cramp all this information
and to the point where it never let any
scenes sort of have room to breathe yeah
I didn't I didn't really get that well
there's like they introduced alan tudyk
in the movie and he's in oh he plays
stupid ugly you play Stephen Douglas and
he's in one scene in the movie and they
introduced him as Mary Todd's love
interest yeah and and then there's a
rivalry of sorts between his ideals and
Abraham Lincoln's and then he exits the
movie and then there and then like two
scenes later all of a sudden Abraham
Lincoln is dating Mary Todd you're like
oh yeah maybe not right that it feels
like there's something cut out yeah I
think the Stephen Douglas thing was just
a wink-wink like a historical joke
because that's who Lincoln runs against
for president share have at the famous
Lincoln Douglas debate later on in life
would but but in the content exactly but
he does he does sort of come back later
and serve as the the guy who opposes
Lincoln to slavery share and and so he
comes back later you can you can put
down the movie but don't introduce him
has as Mary Todd's love interest if it's
not gonna have any point yeah it didn't
so that's the thing where it's like oh
okay I guess that's over with and then
later oh I guess he's president now and
it just seemed to be glossing over
everything the whole script was sort of
here's an event in Abraham Lincoln's
life and then he fights some vampires
and here's another event his life and
then he finds some vampires and
there wasn't anything clever about the
way it sort of integrated his real life
with the vampire hunting it felt like
two separate things until the the
Gettysburg aspect of the movie comes in
yeah then it sort of came together well
they had the backstory with the vampire
killing his parents and he wanted to get
revenge you know I mean that was the
other issue I had was that I thought
that was going to be the thrust of the
story it was but then he kills him like
20 minutes into the movie it ci I kind
of liked that aspect because it's not
like it just becomes like a simple
revenge movie I got to kill the guy that
killed my mother and then at the end he
kills the guy that kills his mother on
the rooftop and it goes oh I got my
brunch he he transforms from being just
this young man filled with vengeance to
understanding the greater importance of
everything like he becomes president
there's a civil war the bad guy and
vampires kind of merge in with the
southern army and they they're poised to
take over the country so it becomes less
about his personal vengeance and it
becomes more of a a great like a bigger
the bigger picture becomes more
important to him slavery saving the
nation that sort of thing so young
Lincoln becomes mature Lincoln and I
think though that's kind of what they
were doing there was that that shift in
the plot from from being selfish and
vengeful to being more selfless and
being a leader yeah so I I liked those
elements and and I was surprised that
the script was better and and it might
be because it came from a single voice
it came from an author who wrote the
book yeah it didn't come from like all
these executives and people shoving
ideas into this and let's just make this
movie based on the name so it it's it's
a personal preference on what what you
want the movie to be tone wise if you
wanted to be silly schlock if you want
it to be realistic I enjoyed it on the
level however um what I didn't enjoy was
that the movie was really cheap looking
yeah yeah it just looked like cheap
digital video yeah well for one the it
does look like video there's a lot of
movies that I see
theatres and I'm like all wish that I
see the behind-the-scenes stuff I'm like
oh they shot that on video I didn't even
know this it's like yeah looks like
video immediate it looks like it looks
like those historical recreation things
they do I'm like PBS yeah and I know
because I was in one you were fire how
embarrassing for you I know I know I
told you to shut up
what goodnight why is there shouting at
us these brave men shall not have died
in vain it's time vampires had a nation
of our own
this nation under God
dialing you burn the freedom
everything looked like ugly Brown and I
don't know if they're they're doing a
color correction thing to make it look
like old historical photo or something
like I'm suing that was like Saving
Private Ryan like the washed out yeah
under saturated but it was like where I
want to see colors it just felt so dull
and brown and ugly it felt felt just
like like a badly color corrected video
and pulled all the black out and and
then there were really awful action
scenes well that would be the effects in
the movie we should talk about or
there's one scene where they're jumping
on horses there's like a horse stampede
wild horses man yeah and that felt like
an action scene in the prequels where
you're so disconnected from the the
action actors environment as yeah but it
was like they tried to cover up the bad
CGI horses with a Sun setting in the
camera lens and tons of smoke there's
like a haze every every one of the the
big special effects scenes had that the
haze to it to try and conceal the bad
effects that reminded me of the Godzilla
movie the American Godzilla movie or
they hide him in the rain through the
whole thing to cover about bad he looks
but a sequence like that it's it's when
it's when you boil a scene down and you
go what's the point of the scene and the
the train scene at the end I really
liked I thought that looked nice yeah it
was cool like she lights this old wooden
train bridge on fire and the trains
going over it as the bridges collapsing
I thought that was a neat set piece I
was like that's cool but the horse part
it's like do we really need a hundred
horses running can you just do an
old-fashioned chase one guy and a horse
the other guy and a horse going through
the woods you know like hitting each
other and f1 guy doing the flip off the
horse maybe something simple yeah and
where it's just shot traditionally for
real with real horses you really need
hundreds of horses and CGI flipping and
all that stuff and and that was sort of
my problem with the movie is that the
the non action scenes were played pretty
much straight but then the action
happens and it was the movie crazy
over-the-top people's flipping around in
slow motion
the main edges
trixie stuff the very Zack Snyder like
dungeons yeah yeah and there was sort of
a disconnect for me between those and
the the more dramatic scenes especially
when done in a period environment it
just looks like garbage it's alright
good and so so and so video looking and
it look like it looked like a really
good fan film well it's interesting
because before when I've heard the movie
was coming out my thought was wow I
can't believe a major studio was
actually releasing this movie and then
when I was watching the movie I was
thinking I can't believe a major studio
released this movie but for completely
different reasons yeah
and the government of the people by the
people for the people
so would you recommend Abraham Lincoln
vampire I don't think that I would know
I just I did not get into the story the
pacing of it just left me numb after a
while and and the action scenes were
stupid
okay I also would not recommend Abraham
Lincoln vampire despite myself rather
enjoying it because I think it's a very
for a very select audience I think a lot
of the people that go and go hey let's
go see that Abraham Lincoln vampire
hunter movie he looks crazy yeah looks
like it's gonna be and that's like it's
not a lot of fun kind of a joyless movie
so uh maybe check out Abraham Lincoln
vampire hunter on do they stuff cable
television I don't know do they still
have television I don't know is that
that's like where people watch shows on
a TV
I think only like mr. Plunkett has that
still hmm remember mr. Plunkett I do
whatever happened to that old codger oh
shall not perish from the earth
from the earth
you
we also saw that's my boy
Yeah right
they died inside
all right everybody the fact that this
is resulted in a pregnancy leaves me no
choice but to levy the maximum penalty
dumbass that's my boy is the latest
comedy from Adam Sandler that was very
good that's some surmise is it quite
well that's what it is that's all it is
well you did use the word comedy well
you should say is the latest visual
image accompanied with sound from Adam
Sandler yeah yeah that would be a little
more accurate we don't want to mislead
the public maybe we'll do another test
to another taking the app okay that's my
boy is the latest comedy from Adam
Sandler but you fucked it up again so
Mike what did you think of that's my boy
that's my boy is the latest comedy from
Adam Sandler okay let's get real here
Jay let's talk as the professional VCR
repair men we are sure that's my boy is
no Jack and Jill no it's not it has that
going for it
yeah we'll be completely straightforward
and honest Jack and Jill is the worst
thing in the world probably yeah
that's my boy felt like more of a real
movie that's the nicest thing that I can
say about that's my boy is that it felt
like I was watching a movie yeah product
placement isn't as obnoxious the movie
doesn't stop for commercials um it
doesn't feel as cheaply made right yeah
there's actual locations but we should
say that we weren't originally going to
see this movie but we did just I guess
because we hate ourselves and that's why
we ended up seeing it instead of the new
Pixar movie or I want to be someone that
that gets killed by a movie yeah it's
happened before a guy got killed by
avatar oh wow because it was so like
such an immersive 3d experience he's
like his heart just said fuck well a lot
of people died in the the 90s when there
was
the rise of the gangbanger movies the
boys in the hood ripoffs what but but
they were killed like in the theater
from gang violence yes no I'm gonna be
killed by a movie oh okay
like that guy avatar killed that yeah I
want an Adam Sandler film to kill me
okay and I tried the last two I tried to
get killed by an Adam Sandler movie my
soul keeps trying to kill itself but it
just doesn't happen yet so so that's a
plus what that means is that Adam
Sandler is not trying little enough yes
he tried too hard with this movement and
it produced a below mediocre film Jack
and Jill almost killed me yeah so so
that's my that's my goal um and I guess
that's the best review that that's my
boy has gotten so far is that the movie
did not kill me so what the IRSA haven't
paid taxes since 94 Donnie I'm going to
prison if I don't get 43 lad
holy cow that's my boy he moved out when
he turned 18 I haven't seen him since
he's one of the youngest hedge fund
managers in the financial industry maybe
your son can help you
I will admit I laughed a couple times ah
a couple I think I should have kept a
tally because it was getting embarrassed
I think I was laughing at the movie
though because I had I did have a couple
beers we went to we went to the the
majestic the Marcus cinema majestic it's
a grand theater as many screens it has
those built-in eateries where you can
you can enjoy a film in the noisy
environment of a restaurant but we saw
the film in that environment so I
ordered seven beers well I I did not
drink during this movie that's the
difference between our perceptions while
watching it and I would say yes it is
better than Jack and Jill yes it feels
like you're watching an actual movie but
I would say that this was a more
agonizing experience for me than Jack
and Jill III this was a harder movie for
me to sit through even though on a
technical level it was better I thought
this movie was painful and and repulsive
and ugly and mean spirited and awful
this is gonna be hot yeah the one thing
this movie I guess you could say had
going for it is that it was r-rated so
it could be a little law yeah a little
raunchy er and I certainly don't have
any problems with raunchy vulgar humor
obviously but this was another case
where there aren't really jokes and
Dovie it's just it's funny cuz she's fat
it's funny cuz she's old yeah it's funny
because his voice is goofy and that was
pretty much there was one joke in the
movie and I didn't laugh at it but the
the old lady Adam Sandler finds a
picture of an old lady and there's a
picture of her as a young lady next to
head so he starts masturbating and and
the next morning he has tissues all over
the room and the old lady comes in and
she's cleaning it all up and and any
Sandberg's trying to make excuses oh he
has a cold though and then she says well
if he has a cold he shouldn't be
masturbating so much
yeah and that was a bait-and-switch and
and I guess it worked it wasn't funny
but it was a joke I guess the best word
you describe it as painful I thought it
was fucked I would describe the movie as
pathetic that's another good word sure
Jack and Jill was lazy this movie was
pathetic this movie had more effort put
into it yeah but Adam Chandler is a 47
year old man who's running around like
an idiot yeah and he's throwing humor
out there that a fifth grader would come
up with not to anyway try to reference
our Jack and Jill review or kind of try
and do anything similar to that but I
did come up with a list of my own okay
as I started to watch the film the very
first line in the movie is a gay joke
and then I said oh let's just start
writing these down and I wrote them down
in sequential order in the first five
minutes of the movie before the title
sequence starts everything that happens
so there's a gay joke hard-ons are
referenced oral sex
handjob reference twice blowjob eating
out pussy taking it from behind
presumably in the ass in a jail
situation oh there's a lesbian gym
teacher
because lesbians are gym teachers and
gym teachers are lesbians so it's fun to
laugh at them because they like their
own sex yes and they're butch and butch
is funny yes and uh they're they're
generally ugly lesbian gym teacher so
let's make fun of them oh yeah um they
say fuck several times
beaver hard-on fucking and a wicked big
schlong this was on the first like four
minutes of the movie they crammed all
that in there and then the credits
sequence began and I kind of gave up
yeah well that's not even including the
statutory rape yes because that's about
it yep
so the premise of the movie is that Adam
Sandler's character is 13 years old and
he finds his teacher hot which he is and
then she starts to have sex with 13
year-old boy over and over again in
numerous locations so was the point of
him being born when Adam Sandler was
character was 13 of the vanity thing
where Adam Stein I didn't want to appear
super old or was it part of the movie I
don't know cuz there's other ways to
make a father-son movie yeah the sons
you know I'm on the straight and narrow
he has a nice fiancee he's doing well in
the financial world the dad's a fuckup
yeah simple story right but it didn't
need the the child rape backstory at all
really or the reveal of incest yes Oh
spoilers spoilers if you there's fuckin
incest to this movie to the fiancee of
Andy Samberg is fuckin her own brother
yeah um and that's the big reveal at the
end and it's funny because he's fucking
her brother because it's and that's it
that's all the thought that I put into
it well well typically when siblings
have sex it's either because they're in
the far south and there's no one else
around or they have sexual abuse history
either either being molested when they
were younger and they fucks them up
their mental development their sexual
mental development gets all fucked up
but in the movie the characters say
we're both attractive people so what do
attractive people do they have sex with
each other and so there's no like
explanation of why now and then they
throw in the fact that the
fiancee is also having sex with her boss
- yeah when that alone would have just
worked but that's not as funny what ah
but then you add that and then you also
add in the the child rape and and then
incest and and there's no correlation
between the two it's not like the movie
is about sexual deviancy it's just two
separate things that they thought were
funny so they wrote them into the script
probably wrote the script in a weekend
and just at whatever stupid ideas they
had and didn't even think about it maybe
this is a really smart movie about how
molestation and sexual issues can affect
a person's life as they're an adult but
the brother/sister didn't have any
sexual abuse as children but maybe they
did and they were just making them do
you think this movie intentionally
leaves things open just like prometheus
it's it has it's open for our
interpretation mm-hmm there's a strip
club called bacon legs and there's a big
fat black lady stripping and and it's
like okay that's the joke and then the
next stripper that comes out has a neck
brace on yeah it's like it's funny
because she's a stripper with a neck
brace on and they're pathetic
and you know horrible pathetic people
and it's funny to laugh at them
his humor is very mean it's very
close-minded yeah it's basically and
anyone that is not like Adam Sandler is
subject of ridicule yeah anyone that's
that's snooty and takes himself
seriously anyone that's low-class anyone
that's a minority uh children hot women
that are out of his league are treated
poorly it's basically everybody that
isn't Adam Sandler is like a horrible
person and joke and should be laughed at
it's like a bully it's like a
fifth-grade bully yeah just picking on
everybody for no reason well there's
always this sort of aggression to him in
his movies I mean you go all the way
back to happy gilmore and that's the
movie that a lot of people really love
and the whole thing is oh it's a sweet
nice guy but then he beats the shit out
of people and it's just this odd
juxtaposition between those two
personalities and that's what I thought
was so interesting about punch-drunk
love is it brings that to the forefront
and says people that are like this would
be
fucking weird and and and something
wrong with them mentally there is that
that element to it and the jokes aren't
clever yeah I mean you can make a movie
with dark humor that has some nasty
stuff in its you can have mean
characters but there has to be a context
and a points substance and substance and
this is a movie that is just the point
and laugh at this fatty one thing I was
thinking of specifically with the black
stripper character I was thinking of of
a John Waters movie and John Waters
movies are filled with fucking freaks
and weirdos and people that are not
people that are not Adam Sandler but
there's you can tell there's there's a
love for these people even if they're
doing weird things there's still this
level of appreciation that they're sort
of being themselves you know you have
like Edith Massey it's 10:30
Babs Babs why is it the 8th man here I'm
starving to death with some a she's not
even a good actress but you know that
John Waters just loves her and not in a
not in an ironic way not in a this is
funny to make fun of her way will same
with Devine you know even especially
Devine yeah the greatest film ever made
is pink flamingos and quite possibly
it's on AFIS top 100 film list and yeah
you you get the it's a totally different
vibe to that movie Devine stars in that
movie and you get the the feeling that
it's it's her movie it's John Waters
embracing that that actress actor
actress character could you give us some
of your political beliefs kill everyone
now condone first-degree murder advocate
cannibalism eat shit
shelter my politics belt is my life take
whatever you like
yes but it's not like haha it's a guy in
drag haha it there's another level to it
use a different smartness to it it's
more it's more poking fun at society in
the audience
it's throwing it back in your face right
that's what that movie is it's a shock
movie basically an Adam Sandler movies
aren't that smart
no and pink flamingos is an infinitely
smarter movie than anything Adam Sandler
could ever do is the most fucked up
thing to say but it's true Adam Sandler
is is is essentially a moron hey I love
Adam Sandler his movies is good he's a
smart businessman he's a he's a smart
guy who figures out ways to make lots of
money which is smart in its own right um
but he in comedy he's infantile and
moronic and he lacks any talent
whatsoever other than shouting
well now that we want to kill ourselves
maybe we should find out when the hell
we're going to stop here yeah we've been
driving for a while yeah I think we
probably yeah we definitely passed the
VCR repair shop I'm further than five
miles
hey Hans klopek that guy we're almost
there Hey
what's going on what am i doing
J what's happening I don't know oh look
like a cookout no aah oh my god they
have weapons
is this the end for half in the bag are
you talking to me what
