Feb 7, 2012
B-Fest 2012 Re-cap
youtube.com/watch?v=Anod9S2vRNw
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/166863435420807168
redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-b-fest-2012

Half in the bag.
Hey, don't you got anything better to do?
Then a polar bear
following me Oh bill I want a
coincidence running into you at B fest
yeah what was a pest exterminator doing
at a festival of bad movies
well northwestern called me in about an
infestation and turned out it was a
roomful of geeks mmm oh well what'd you
say we all grab a seat and talk about
beef us oh sure
what's his deal
you know Phil we have other chairs you
don't have to sit in the little blue
chair oh oh
so Phil do you like your new chair
oh yeah it's alright um before do you
want me to put it when I'm done oh you
could just throw it right on top of the
kitchen table
we're in Evanston Illinois Northwestern
University it's about 5 o'clock and
we're unloading all of our supplies what
are we doing here we're going to beat
this
oh my god so for those of you that don't
know B Fest is an event that's held
every January in Illinois it's 24 hours
straight of bad movies
that's right J every year B Fest is held
at Northwestern University which is
known for its journalism school it's
women's lacrosse team but most
importantly for it's live saw
demonstrations a faith got onstage she
took her pants and her panties off she
laid down on the stage we put a towel
underneath her then Jim plugged the saw
and he brought her to orgasm right there
on stage the name of the sex toy is the
fuck saw okay
so Phil have you been to be fest before
yeah uh I think the first one I went to
was in 2007 okay so a number of years
now five years I think I'm not you know
I didn't go every year but yeah I've
been this is my fourth one fourth year
in a row and like this is your first
full year it's my first full year and
yeah last year I was only there for six
or seven hours I saw the last the
tail-end the morning movies those the
morning movies is where everyone has
lost their mind at that point because
they've been up all nights it's it's an
endurance test I can't even say the
whole thing is entertaining is an
endurance test it'sit's a goal that you
want to meet yeah i mean you pay the
ticket price and you know that that's
you're going to have 24 hours i I've
never quite stayed up through the
entirety of it I there's a little
napping here and there I try to do as
little as possible I'm always kind of
worried that if I left the theater and
went and tried to find someplace to
sleep
I'd miss like eight hours yeah yeah so I
just wouldn't wake up
I just I'd just pass out in my seat for
you know 20 minutes and wake up again
realize that guru the mad monk is still
on him and I go back to sleep
what's your me
mutilation Goro
the mad monk well we saw some we saw
some gems this year didn't we yes the
first one of note is best of the best
that was the kickoff Dorina
what's-his-face Eric Robert yeah
the ironically titled best yes yes oh it
was the babe was the best but the best
weren't the Americans I don't think I
can do it well that's the that's the
irony the whole movie is that it's this
American wrote of a kickboxer I don't
think it's karate was it supposed to be
karate it's this it's sort of MMA okay
but yeah the Americans versus this
Korean team and every time it cuts
through the Korean team training you're
like these guys are awesome
it almost is like they were making it to
seem that way it's really well done in
that telling that kind of story it's
like okay here are the Americans they're
sitting in the cafeteria and they're
bitching about ice cream whenever the
here are the Koreans they're running
uphill through the snow barefoot on a
mountain yeah funny
I want them to beat these stupid-ass
Americans with Eric Roberts and Kristen
and his stupid hat you guys are awesome
the Americans were the underdogs they
were partially retarded and they had
issues and you know you know Chris Penn
wear a cowboy hat is from Texas and he
was used a little slow a little snow
that was acting or him and
what's-his-face had had father problems
he had a son and he murdered his wife or
whatever didn't
Sydnee accurate records yeah didn't
accidentally kickbox his wife to them I
don't I was I watching a different move
I think you might have been watching a
different mist that after Tony cross
some of the movies blend to get here was
like a single father or Devore he was
asleep with his with his mom Nurse
Ratched and this child that he kissed a
lot oh yes come on Molly there was lots
of awkward mouth kissing and low Velux
just lots of cable knit sweaters yeah
yeah I know but the the best part of the
movie though was the subplot about the
the guy that had ice cream issues yeah
it's like his his who's like repressed
ice cream memories his brother the
memories of his brother getting killed
were triggered by ice cream
that's where the movie really should
have ended was the the resolution to
that storyline where he's at a gas
station he had given up on the team and
he saw at a gas station a little kid
handing his ice cream to his brother
I want to kick people in the head again
but if the thing is if we'd cut if they
had cut there we would have missed out
on all of the best James Earl Jones
acting that's true yeah James Earl Jones
is their coach I guess yes he's the
coach he is driving them to succeed yeah
you can be the best of the best he
delivers the best no since Star Wars 3
it's true ya know
No well I was reading on the bee fest
website and and they had a they had a
link or extras on their Facebook page
about how to set up your own B fest
and they apparently have a structure to
the B fest which you're probably aware
of it's like started on too long you
know then do this and that then the
late-night hours is 70s blacksploitation
yes and then like when the kids go home
yeah like what the boobs come out yeah
the kind of 60 seventies weirdo
psychedelic stuff and then early morning
is 80s and 90s kind of like bad movie
yeah and then then you know you close it
out with a monster movie yes and then 50
Syfy's before that so they have sort of
a structure almost a recipe on how the
other thing plays out so I'm they've got
they figured out the variety of what
seems to please everybody yeah yes
instead of like killing the audience
they have read of a way to keep the
momentum oh yes yes so they're
constantly having a problem the momentum
but there's always the the weird
blaxploitation movie yes and this year
it was the avenging disco Godfather
is it God
I was excited to see all of Rudy ray
Moore's area don't give nose
well Rudy ray Moore is is a really
interesting actor in that it's it's it
almost transcends bad acting it's the
most bizarre line delivery it's kind of
like Edith Massey in the John Waters
movies yeah where it's bad but it's like
fascinatingly bad and it becomes
something else altogether
but the bullet I know I swear it's uh so
just an effervescent sort of yelling
concern yes that's a nice way to put it
rusty what is you done to yourself
what has he had oh well all movies about
uh he runs a disco yes Maurice these the
diese Godfather he's the avenging you
see disco Godfather and he has to avenge
people that are giving kids angel dust
yes they called the movie angel dust a
Judas there's no T at the end of stir
angel so his catchphrase in the movie is
put your weight on it yes and he says in
the movie approximately three hundred
and seventy four times oh did you count
I counted I kept a tally so we loaded
good
what has he had has he had the best
scene in the movie by far for me though
was the the the pro angel dust rally at
the used car dealer Thank You councilman
Watson I would like to remind everybody
again if you know any known drug dealers
any PCP dealers please call us at three
eight two nine seven four nine it will
be held strictly confidential we want to
whack the attack that is it was amazing
it's like a political rally and there's
those those flags and and there's like
20 people there were many extras that
could muster up and just like a podium
and and and the audience is like this is
for or against angel duck that's all
it's tough to call it tough to say it
had that kind of like rally everybody
like a political speech like here we
yeah that's just like what's going on
can't miss her yeah
I got to say though my favorite scene
was when rigorous or whatever his
character is I can't even remember what
his name is
to the Godfather when the Godfather's
figured out where the angel dust Factory
is and he's about to go in and then
there are bad dudes fighting him and
there's just a guy walking by and
jogging jogging suit like a like a sky
blue jogging see I'm just like do you
need some help Rudy Reyes says this is a
factory for angel dust and the guy goes
ain't enough and then it starts kicking
in no she is this guy at angel dust what
the hell hey what's happened then you
need to know just as an angel dust
angel dust right yeah let's kick ass I
but the best thing is that at the end
just sort of awkwardly ends it's made
bad guys give Rudy ray Moore angel dust
and he has a freakout he has a drug
freakout everybody in the movie that has
ended us has the same freakout yeah they
are the same which was the dancing woman
of death and then Rudy ray Moore seems
to think that she's his mom what are you
doing him no you doing you
moving onto deathbed death bed now
deathbed is sort of legendary from
Patton Oswalt's comedy routines he's
brought that up it really didn't need
any sort of introduction though it just
it's there's bed and it's full of
digestive fluids and if you will the
type on the movie is deaf bed the bed
that eats people right it's just the
benefit and that's like a good I mean
the movie death bed eats more than just
people it's true the death bed likes
fried chicken and he likes wine that
apples
and he's polite enough to give you the
the remnants of it
it's this weird fluid that can absorb
things but it still it doesn't absorb
the chicken bucket no the apple core it
absorbs food as if it were teeth he eats
the fried chicken and then he puts the
cap back in the fried chicken
oh the bones are still in it yeah yeah
the bone just likes like learson ada
Corley no libel court he also record the
wine bottle the record get you record it
what a dick
yeah so the guy was like I'll do this
and then that's when I went okay I'm
done I slept through the middle 20
minutes of deathbed or the middle half
an hour so I miss it was nice of the
movie was structured it had acts any
chance was a different meal lunch dinner
breakfast lunch dinner and just desserts
and just desserts
with all the ending where the guy puts
his hands into the bed
and then he pulls his hands out and
they're like perfect white skeleton
hands and he just sort of looks at I'm
like oh that oh that happened deathbed
should like get a room at the Holiday
Inn yeah that'd be a great location for
dode be like a fresh meal every night
yeah the movie I was looking forward to
most the B fest was Roadhouse during
Patrick Swayze
I've never seen it before so I was very
excited to find lik C Roadhouse
I knew it was supposed to be like this
cheesy 80s movie I had no idea that it
turned this into an endless celebration
of horrible violence and murder at the
end I used to fuck guys I thought was
just about this guy that was that
cleaned up this bar he was the bouncer
man ripping people's throats out and
shooting people left and right it was it
was glorious that's what happens when
you fuck with Patrick Swayze
I guess I have to say when I saw
Roadhouse on the list I was like oh you
know that's a big movie you know it's a
popular movie and uh like when I go to B
fest I want to see like just some really
obscure stuff I've never heard of and
laughs and and I found it to be one of
the more entertaining movie it was yeah
it was the second most entertaining yeah
it wasn't like like horribly made and
competently made it was just boy I
missed the 80s yes it was very excessive
and violent and and excessive and
violent
ain't don't hurt there's a lot of
burning down of buildings in Roadhouse -
as part of vengeance the bad guys are
really I'm creative yeah like every
situation I just blow up their building
yeah instead of very like subtle like
threats you know like this guy really
goes all out like it destroys your
entire house like way you have nowhere
to go - like how am I supposed to give
you your 10% yeah if you blow my whole
house up well if at that point it's it's
already the end yeah he already knows
the Patrick's place is going to kill him
to death and boy he did well no he did
he does but he got it to happen yeah the
whole entire town just murdered him with
shotguns
they all band together in Rio then they
all agreed to cover up the murder yeah
it's a very heartwarming uplifting story
of a town working together to accomplish
a goal and there's no problem that a
good shotgun can solve it's true yeah I
learned a lot I learned that in to catch
a Yeti as well oh yeah yeah movin on
movin on sis to catch a Yeti this was
the that's the surprise hit of the
festival of the fest it was the best one
it was the movie that we went in knowing
the least about I think and not really
being able to find out a lot about it we
didn't even know until the credits came
up that it starred Meat Loaf that was
the best part yeah the credits are
rolling the title comes up and then it
says starring Meat Loaf and everybody of
what the hell
yeah meatloaf is the is is is the
world's finest hunter who can catch
anything and perhaps unsurprisingly his
goal in this movie is to catch a Yeti it
turns out though the yetis are not large
sit here don't let me take it off you
it's too hot let me show you my toys
yeah they're tiny little tiny little
guys that can't stop smiling ever even
when they're dying they get his 9 in the
movie look just it just loves life I
guess so happy something good I'm so
happy that it's hot oh yeah he's not
gonna die is he we don't know if we can
survive in this environment please don't
die he's not gonna die honey please
don't die it's really good for you thank
you they think if they give that Yeti
creature big eyes and a big grin but
that you know you would think it was
cute yeah because it totally worked
they it's true well they forgot to give
it a range of emotions other than
smiling I love it I love that Yeti good
I liked watching it over there was like
there was like a wave yeah yeah it start
on one side go to the others mouth if
you love pie oh hey hey Dad I brought
you some pie but you're in the shower
shower so I'm going to put it on the
floor where you will clearly find it
after your shower yeah right
while this is a children's movie
- we should point that out yeah it's a
lot of bizarre creepy things in it like
meatloaf picks up a little kid and just
throws him hurls them across the room
that is the kid murders someone I missed
that part
oh he he electrocutes like the man yeah
I don't know she's dead but I I assume
she probably just died what's right
right the little girl at one point uh
takes the risk of murdering her own
parents to save the Yeti well when
they're all in the cabin and she puts
the fireplace so they get filled with oh
yeah yeah yeah she doesn't care that her
parents are in there like that's the
price you pay for saving the little Yeti
mm-hmm the only thing you're doing is
suffocating your parents and that's gone
so cat to catch a Yeti is essentially
like gremlins meets Harry and the
Hendersons meets um goes a home loan
from a little bit home alone yeah
meets et yep if you put all those
together and remove any elements of a
plot that's what to catch a Yeti is
because the whole movie it's like we've
got to get that Yeti it's like someone
just had this idea like let's make this
cute puppet and slap together this movie
and it's like oh my god it was so
frustrating it's like what are they
doing now they're trying to get the Yeti
like well they kind of almost got the
Yeti and then they didn't yeah we got to
go get the Yeti again wait but then they
did but then the Yeti is gate so they
have to go get the Yeti again no they
get the Yeti again maybe they'll catch
them maybe they won't he'll run around
on a skateboard
oh I was going to say you should also
talk about how meatloaf had a midget
that he'd be all of had a midget in the
movie his little sidekick midget that he
just completely abused throughout the
whole movie there's lots of lots of
midget abuse just right from the dread
from the opening credits yeah you don't
even know who they are you know it's
just the midget getting slapped around
and it turns down turns out it's
meatloaf and he serves no purpose -
meatloaf who was apparently this Master
Hunter character you know why he's in
the movie with comic relief cuz midget
he helped meatloaf cross the street do
you remember that scene where meatloaf
says we got to figure out a way to get
across oh yeah when they were in the
park on the other side of the street and
that slowed meatloaf down by a mile mile
traffic
now that's different from the other
scene where he's walking across the
street in the comedies he just points I
like to think that meatloaf didn't even
know the camera was rolling when that
happened let's just what meatloaf does
you can't hit me I'm meatloaf yes hi the
rich kids mom is always drunk you always
through the whole movie Wesley won't
settle for anything less
yes ma'am it's a monkey with big feet
naughty Yeti was it fast at the end when
she's happy drunk oh because they're her
child the the fruit of her loins is
freezing to death in a snowdrift what do
you think ever became of Wesley
while the exciting climax of the movie
takes place in an airport and there are
waving guns around everywhere at the
airport yeah what do you do what are you
doing will you do with it but put that
gun down
who gave you that gun that's a stupid
question yes this is your fault we had
together we had daddy any the support
everything is your policy your vote from
the very beginning
you haven't got their brains God gave a
garnish look you took sandwiches short
of a picnic your religion what do you
watch what happens at the end the Yeti
finds his true love in the forest we
kind of blood looks the way you did the
Yeti waves goodbye to the camera like
this yes
a yeti wave it's like yes and the
puppets just there
won't be surprised if it's a dream
so to catch a Yeti Oh what we learned
about to catch the idea is that
sometimes you'll catch the eddy
sometimes but sometimes that Yeti cuts
your heart Oh
so yeah if you happen to be free the
last weekend of January and you're in
the Illinois area I highly recommend B
Fest this is yeah as we said we've done
it several years now we actually
sponsored a movie this year the great
galaxy invader oh yeah we talked about
on the show before so it's nice to give
something back to be fest after the
hours and hours of enjoyment and
frustration and horror that they've
they've offered me Welby Fest was fun as
always yeah yeah do it next year oh sure
all right well I better get back to work
back to work what what uh Phil what what
is that oh it's bug bomb oh okay hey
what did he say this was
