Nov 21, 2012
Twilight: Breaking Dawn Part II
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjGsFIHkAN8
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/271278224737189889
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/221025314697750
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-twilight-breaking-dawn-part-2

Half in the bag.
Fuck movies.
Hello and
welcome to half in the bag I'm Mike and
I'm Jay and we just saw Twilight
Breaking Dawn Part 2 after 18 years of
being utterly ordinary I finally felt I
could shine I was born to be a vampire
so in the same temperature now I didn't
expect you to seem so you in preparation
for C in the new Twilight movie we did
absolutely nothing it's sort of the
exact opposite of when we saw the
Resident Evil sequel yeah where we did a
marathon of all the previous films this
one we intentionally avoided watching
any of them and just went in colds and
we have never seen any of the Twilight
movies right they weren't very difficult
to avoid right um but yeah we went into
Breaking Dawn Part two completely cold
not knowing anything about the series so
we will probably have a lot of questions
that come up during our discussion
questions you might be able to answer so
when a question comes up we're going to
put it up on the screen and you can
respond by sending an email to Twilight
questions at red letter media comm and
we will respond to your answers probably
in the next episode so your your answer
to our Twilight question might be
featured in our next discussion please
help us thank you
I have to report a crime the Coens
they've done something terrible's been
daughter adultery think Renesmee's an
immortal child
she was born not bitten she grows every
single day so let's start our Twilight
discussion
it sucked hey you just did so Jay what
did you think of Twilight part 5
Breaking Dawn Part 2 this is probably
the most baffling studio release I've
seen in quite some time
yeah I would say I mean we watch a lot
of bad movies and we watched a lot of
low-budget stuff and we describe that as
baffling quite frequently usually on a
technical level we're just like why is
the camera place there like this is you
know just weird things where you're just
like what this is the first big studio
movie where I've had that same reaction
I think I spent a lot of the running
time just kind of going like staring at
the screen just sort of baffled yeah
what was happening from what I
understand these movies are very
slavishly faithful to the books so I
guess we'll just blame Stephenie Meyer
for that for the storytelling and how
bizarre it is well it to me you know
obviously you mentioned neither of us
have seen any other films ah they come
off as movies from books like where it
might have worked better in the printed
form like some of the literal
translation from things that happen in
the books
yeah comes off as just weird like the
end they the main characters bring
different vampires from around the world
you know and they just sort of like
those two girls from the Amazon show up
and then at the end he's like Brazilian
rainforest people come and and they just
sort of like you they show up and
they're like what yeah where'd they get
there how do they get there you know and
I could see in a in a book logic like
and then the so-and-so's came from here
to join us and both and a lot of it is
conversational dialogue that doesn't
seem to have a specific location that's
needed for it like movies movies are are
visual yeah you know like we're going to
have
seen in this you know location because
it's going to the book and the movie of
this particular Twilight movie it all
takes place in one house yeah that was
the weirdest thing to me I was thinking
about watching is like this feels like a
TV show you have your small little cast
of characters and it was weird cuz it
all takes place in this house or in the
woods surrounding this house yeah and
scenes would start with all the
characters just sort of standing there
and then a character would come in and a
conversation would start yeah and as I
was thinking like what were these
characters doing before the scene
started they're all just sort of
standing there awkwardly the movie looks
like a furniture catalog mm-hmm where
you have these IKEA yeah these these
vacant sort of pretty people just
standing next to couches
yeah and coffee tables reading a book
like yeah posing for a furniture catalog
well that was a difficult aspect because
I think I was like that too I'm like you
know I'm trying to I'm trying to figure
out the logic because I didn't expect
the movie to but it would have been nice
to have a little recap I think they
assume that 99% of their audience have
seen one of them yeah at least one of
the movies before so there was no recap
at all other than what I knew just by
osmosis Bela is pregnant and has a baby
or something and gets ripped out of her
stomach I'm sitting there and I'm trying
to like figure out the logic of what's
happening like do all these people live
together in this house do all these
werewolves just where is this house yeah
but it's just a house that they built
like a vamp secret vampire house and
they're all just they all just live in
there and just cohabitate with each
other like a like a like Jersey Shore
like the Jersey Shore like the real
world like house they'll just live in
there and they read books all day and
they just wait for eternity or something
to happen I don't know yeah and then
they give Bela and whatever his name is
Edward Edward his their own house and
it's all furnished and stuff that we got
you a house we built you a house and
like thanks and they go in there and
then they never go back to the house
yeah
and then there was fuck in the house
they fuck in the house and which which
is another question
I had is that if vampires don't their
hearts don't beat they don't have blood
flow that how does Edward get an
erection my favorite part of that sex
scene was the visual representation of
an orgasm at the end were close-up of
Bella's face and they literally have
like CGI magic pixie dust glow around
her face the other question is not only
physiologically how does Edward maintain
an erection but how does he maintain an
erection having sex with the mannequin
Kristen Stewart she's a pretty girl but
she has the personality of a brick um I
the baby in the movie has a little
creepy CGI face yes yes that some reason
that's the thing that we won't ever
understand that the theory behind it
that we came up with was that they they
took at least I think they took the
little girl's face the baby grows up and
becomes a angel rapidly yeah
and they took the little girl's face and
sort of made it onto the baby's face da
dee aged it and made the features look
like the little girl for some reason but
the baby does end up look like looking
like a fake CGI baby yeah it's like a
weird creepy face that doesn't it's like
it reminded me of those um those ads for
etrade yeah what's up people well I
think whatever budget these movies have
I don't think a lot of it goes towards
special effects gee why do you think
that oh because the special effects were
fucking horrible but the baby
specifically it seems like there's parts
where they didn't bother to animate the
CGI face yeah and it's just like a still
image of this baby just going yeah yeah
and then occasionally it blinks I'm
hoping that the reason was artistic like
we want the baby's face to kind of look
like the little girl's face not we don't
feel like having a baby on set and we're
just going to get this rubber thing that
kind of looks like a baby and then
imprint a face on it yeah because a baby
on set means you know you have to have I
don't know you have to have baby and
Shirin baby insurance yeah what if
someone drops the baby the actor drops
the baby you know baby insurance or
maybe they just couldn't find any
parents that would allow their child to
be featured in a film where Taylor
Lautner wanted to fuck a baby
was that what happened huh Taylor
Lautner was in love with a little CGI
baby face holy shit I love this movie
maintaining our secret has never been
more imperative
what is it house people Tori they're
coming for us
yeah there's a CGI baby and you add to
that everything else looks so fucking
cheap mm-hmm yeah better special effects
on TV shows mm-hm and I'm like thinking
the whole time is this a feature film
the the driving scenes we're all like I
mean they do this in every movie but
they're all green screen door really
original dis ibly fake and noticeably
fake there wasn't even an attempt to add
like sound effects of other cars driving
it was just dead silent and it looked
like Seinfeld like when they drive
around in the car I said well there's
the fake baby this the bad-looking cars
the bad looking running affects the the
bad werewolfs yeah Wolf's look like
cartoons they look really bad and then
there's a big epic battle at the end
which we'll talk a little bit more about
later that takes place on a frozen lake
clearing and obviously it's all green
screened they didn't really have the
actors out in the middle of the winter
and it just everything looked so cheap
and watching it I kept thinking of like
other vampire movies from recent history
like um I don't know the interview with
a vampire and I really liked the Francis
Ford Coppola Dracula visually there's
some great stuff yeah visual and
performances but the way those movies
look they look so rich they look so real
this just looks like a cheap TV show
yeah and and I think they know that they
know their audience their audiences
fourteen-year-old girls that cry over
the Bella and Edward love story and
everything else is is lower in the
priority wrong well speaking of the love
story that was something for the
majority the movie I kind of forgot that
that's what the Twilight movies are
about was that that love story between
those two characters I completely forgot
about it they fuck at the beginning of
the movie
and then everybody stands around for 90
minutes and then there's a big epic
battle and then the movie ends with them
like oh you're the love of my life I was
like oh that's right yeah this is a love
story between these two yeah but there's
zero chemistry between them yeah which
was interesting because they you know
dated in real life and there's
absolutely no chemistry between Robert
Pattinson and Kristen Stewart
no no but none of these actors Robert
Pattinson seems like he could be a
pretty good actor did your Twilight
experience turn out to be when you
expected oh he's yeah he's one of the
main characters in this Rose if he was
in a better movie I can see you're maybe
pulling something off I haven't seen
Cosmopolis the David Cronenberg movie I
really want to yeah he's in that vampire
baby then you have like Michael Sheen
who plays one of the main bad guys who's
just hamming it up yeah like he's on a
on a Saturday morning cartoon show allow
me idea
so let's talk a little bit about the
plot to this movie for those of you who
don't know there is barely a plot no I I
can't remember the last time I saw a
major movie where so little happens for
the majority of the runnings I'm yeah
yeah it's it's kind of fascinating yeah
there's a certain point in the movie in
the middle where I stop being baffled
and sort of entertained by how bad it
was and just got really really bored
yeah yeah it got really tedious in the
middle section of the movie yeah I was
like this is really all it's gonna be I
think I leaned over to you at one point
I said like an hour into the movie and I
said when is the movie gonna start right
right because generally the plot is
Edward and Bella have a baby and past
vampire children children who are turned
into vampires they don't know how to
conceal their vampire nest a just eat
eat people yeah and it exposes the
hidden vampires to the normies that want
to kill them so if there's a vampire
child the vampire gods or leaders or
whatever the they come out and they kill
the child they burn it alive or
something
I'm sorry and Bella have the baby and
they think it's going to be a vampire
baby vampire baby some other vampire
girl sees the vampire baby vampire baby
for some reason she's standing on a
mountain top and just happens to see the
baby jump up yeah what was she doing
there I don't know she just kind of
sightseeing and then she runs away and
runs back to Italy to tell Lord
Baltimore whatever that she found a baby
vampire and that I maybe there's a past
maybe she was jealous or something of
them having a baby but anyway they all
say they have to come get the baby and
then then 45 minutes go by him and they
talk about how they're coming to get the
baby yeah well there are good vampire
characters they decide that they need to
get witnesses that know that the baby is
not a threats yeah so they travel all
over the world and they get all these
different witnesses but I don't
understand why they would even have to
do that if the bad vampires are going to
show up and see for themselves anyway so
they've got more people there for epic
about for an epic battle well the best
part is that they go all around the
world and they get all these different
vampires from different countries and
they're all the most stereotypical mmm
like there's the Scottish vampires that
have
like the little fisherman's cap and the
red hair and a scarf there's the the at
the very end the Native American
vampires they were they were brazilian
Brazilian divers South American but they
show up in like a little loincloth yeah
yeah they look like Tonto yeah okay
show up and it's like did they travel
all the way there dressed like that yeah
how do vampires move around the planet
other than running because we're
thinking about this and um how do you
run across the ocean if you're coming
from overseas and even at the speeds
that they're running like they show them
like this yeah
if you calculate that and do the math
and figure out the exact mileage it
would probably take them a solid week or
so to run across the world now you're
not going that fast maybe about as fast
as a jet airplane so maybe of 1415 hours
of running from you know across the
entire earth ah but how do vampires
travel do they run to the nearest bus
station and then or do they run to the
nearest airport and then like how does
Lord Baltimore get on a plane do you
think he got on the plane with that robe
on yeah all of them are wearing those
robes and they boarded the plane the the
native Brazilian vampires get on the
plane with the loincloth on well you
would think like the whole idea is that
they want to kill this baby because they
don't want to be exposed as vampires
yeah um you would think if they are
running across the world you're kind of
exposing themselves pretty heavily that
way yeah yeah yeah I have to run or
wearing giant death-row be
yeah they have to run somewhere yeah and
probably a long civilization or a major
highway
so how do they travel creating a moral
child has long been out long and is met
with the severe form of punishment
what is it awful Tory they're coming for
us so yeah it's established early on
Edward and Bella have a baby the bad
vampire clan thinks the baby is a threat
and they want to kill it so they're
going to travel to Washington State
which is where they live
and and they're going to confront them
the good guys decide to get witnesses
and then the rest of the movie is them
waiting around for witnesses to show up
waiting for the bad clan to show up so
they can have their epic confrontation
at the end yeah and and nothing of
consequence happens during that period
of the movie no yes scene after scene of
people standing around and talking and
talking it's also established in this
film maybe others that vampires in
addition to being vampires have x-men
powers oh yes when did Stephenie Meyer
add in the x-men powers like a hack
writer she is yeah we were thinking
about that cuz the whole movie kind of
feels like it's making it up as it goes
along like oh and then they all have
their own little special power yeah one
character can shoot flames one character
can see the future the Egyptian guy had
the power of her element yes yes it was
like the storm right so at what point in
the series was this introduced and why
um uh I think the Cullens greatest asset
is their ability to bring in other
vampires they've met around the world
I think she wrote a book called Twilight
and I was about a teenage girl that
falls in love with the vampire at her
local high school and then then she said
oh oh this is popular I better write
more books yeah well okay so so no
characterization and the performances
are terrible see a bad actors performing
bad characters performing a bad dialog
performing bad dialogue in a JC Penney's
catalog so yeah
then another 45 minutes goes by where
it's just scene after scene of
characters talking about how the bad
vampires are coming and they're going to
battle and they have to prepare for it
the movie is over three hours at this
point yeah of characters standing around
in living rooms and then finally we get
to our epic confrontation the bad
vampire people are lined up the good
vampire people are lined up on the other
side and then they talk for another 30
minutes yeah
about something that kid is bad and we
have to kill it yeah we don't want you
to know but the kid is bad yeah the
whole confrontation is just about the
fact that it's like a like a 70 sitcom
it's all about just a misunderstanding
why don't they to say no the kid isn't
what you think it is oh okay bye I guess
that's kind of what happens that is what
if you ignore the the 20 minutes of
pointless action that has nothing to do
with the real story yeah which is it
should spoil out for people yes we
should okay
this giant epic battle happens that we
use this word a lot but this is a very
appropriate use of it is schlock mm-hmm
it's glorious wonderful schlock I I
thoroughly enjoyed the ending of this
movie as did is they they're basically
like two sides on a battlefield and they
send out their representatives to talk
which is what happens and and the bad
guy in Lord Baltimore is that his name
is that's from something that's from
Harry Potter
what Baltimore is from Harry Potter what
is Harry Potter it's a book it's one
book so anyways he's like he's like
bring me that child oh and then he does
this this creepy laugh oh that was a
what the fuck moment where everyone in
the theater went yeah what I really
liked his performance I didn't use a
creepy vampire well he looked like he
didn't give a shit the actor looked like
he just was like whatever this movies be
hearted and I'm gonna be goofy and see
if they let me get away with it yeah and
they let him get away with it it
probably says bad vampire guy laughs at
baby and then he does the most bizarre
out of place laughs it was and the whole
crew start laughing and they're like
just leave it the sleeve it's gonna be
right that's what I picture a lot of
this movie being like like the director
and people behind the camera like
snickering mm-hmm like we're getting
away with this yeah they keep talking
about the baby and and then eventually I
can't reach a compromise so it becomes
like what you're expecting to happen a
grandiose battle verse of good vampires
versus 2,700 evil vampires why did they
bring so many vampires if all they were
going to do is kill a baby
I don't know but anyways an epic battle
takes place the the good vampires
vampires from all around the world team
up with Bella and Lugosi and they all
start fighting um and this big battle
takes place and it's it's the the wonder
wonderment of schlock this is where the
movie goes off the rails in a really
wonderful way yeah
where uh apparently despite the fact
that vampires are super strong their
neck muscles are not strong no because
there's like fifteen decapitations and a
five minute
span it's just character after character
getting its head their head pop dog um
and and poor little Dakota Fanning gets
fed to a wolf yeah they just throw the
thrower at the wolf and say eat this
this game the best part outside of the
movie was um the the main villain gets
his head ripped off
Jacob Arnett Jacob Edward jumps on his
shoulders and starts the rip on his head
and then Bella knocks him down and they
go and they rip his head up yeah and
there was a like a five year old girl in
the robot in front of us and she starts
going like yeah yeah it was really great
seeing small shoulder and applaud such
horrible violence yeah theater yeah
there wasn't any blood though no that's
how they got around it yet even for a
pg-13 just seeing heads getting ripped
off there is one part where a character
they don't just rip off the head they
rip off the top of the head yeah they
put their their hands in his mouth and
rip it off at the jaw line
it says Casey go and rip off that's
that's horrible
yeah yeah I liked it I've been without
blood it's horrible well I liked it too
because it was something that was
actually happening yeah for a change
um but for a pg-13 that's pretty graphic
you see the skin rip apart around the
mouth yeah head pops off um and then
there's a character that punches the
ground so hard that a giant cavern opens
up and you have vampires and well that
goes well at the core of the earth yeah
molten lava mm-hmm they just starts
throwing characters into it molten lava
exists a hundred feet below the surface
yeah and then this whole battle goes on
and a bunch of our main characters get
killed a bad guy gets killed and then we
discover that it was all a dream yeah
where I was all a premonition a
premonition that the the psychic vampire
put into the bad guy side yeah so the
only thing that happened in the movie
didn't happen yeah and then they say Oh
things might get this violent and
horrible never mind see you later and
then everybody just leaves it reminded
me of
anchorman there's a section in anchorman
where our four main characters are
walking down this alley and then this
giant newscaster brawl breaks out and
it's like this epic Braveheart type
battle with a
these arrival news stations and then it
ends and they they say wow that got out
of hand quickly there is a heavier cake
and eat a to moment yeah because I guess
the book just ends with them leaving it
was a good decision on the part of the
producers and the filmmakers to add that
in because what a fucking boring movie
if there was no action-packed conclusion
can you imagine if it didn't have that
in the movie was they all confronts and
they say I never mind see later yeah the
problem is ironically is that that there
is no story no and that's I mean
obviously this is the second half of one
full story because the Breaking Dawn
book is just one book it's one story but
there's not enough material in this
movie for one movie let alone two it
felt like this was one fourth of the
book that they stretched into a feature
film yes it felt it felt like there
wasn't a lot of material and they had to
stretch it into a feature because they
wanted to break the final film up into
two parts to get double the box-office
money oh you don't think they broke it
up into two movies just because they
wanted to maintain the integrity of the
story no no oh you're being sarcastic
are you saying that you think they did
this purely for financial reasons yes I
am yeah that's what I'm saying that yeah
vampire baby the one silver lining here
is that the the world is your oyster if
you are a con artist
