Dec 19, 2012
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFh6c_CwdBg
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/281425257129185280
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/390060501079641
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-hobbit-an-unexpected-journey

Half in the bag.
Fuck movies.
lively inside every toilet bowl is water
hey J hey so if you uh heard about this
new Alfred Hitchcock movie then oh is
that the one where Anthony Hopkins looks
like a white version of Eddie Murphy in
the Nutty Professor films yeah so ya
know I haven't seen the movie yet I want
to though I'm a fan of Hitchcock yeah I
mean it looks like a really good movie I
just haven't seen a lot of Hitchcock
movies
what really yeah how can you call
yourself a film expert and not have seen
Hitchcock I never called myself a film
expert oh you know there's a lot you two
jackasses don't know about movies you've
never seen an Alfred Hitchcock film and
you you've never even seen a James Bond
movie
I never told him about that you didn't
know ever tell him about that I'm gonna
go find out just how much you two really
know about films yeah I leave the house
to do that yeah where are you going
don't you worry about that your
ignorance has given me an idea hmm
hey speaking of poorly thought-out ideas
have you seen The Hobbit
My dear Frodo
you asked me once if I had told you
everything there was to know about my
adventures well I can honestly say I
have told you the truth I may not have
told you all of it
Bilbo Baggins I'm looking for someone to
share in an adventure The Hobbit an
unexpected journey is the first film in
a new trilogy of films from director
Peter Jackson now you've probably seen
the Lord of the Rings films unless
you've been living under a rock but The
Hobbit is based on an earlier shorter
book written by legendary author JK
Rowling
this makes the Hobbit technically a
prequel and thus pointless follow the
adventures of Bilbo Baggins and a group
of dwarves as they attempt to reclaim
their dwarven kingdom from the clutches
of an evil dragon named Smaug Jay what
did you think of The Hobbit an
unexpected flop um well Bilbo Baggins
has a line near the end of the movie or
he says I hope the worst is past us or
something to that effect
yes and I hope that's the case with this
movie you don't think you didn't think
it was bad no no that's not to say I
thought it was bad I actually liked it
quite a bit but it's uh I love the Lord
of the Rings movies I should say that
I'm not a big fantasy guy or anything
but I really really like those movies a
lot and I enjoyed a lot of this movie it
was nice to be back in this universe and
there's a lot of a lot of stuff to like
in it but it feels like a very
conflicted movie it feels like a movie
that's trying to do two very sort of
contradictory things one it's trying to
be a faithful adaptation of the the
shorter children's book The Hobbit but
it's also trying to reach the same of
the sort of grand filmmaking scale of
the original Lord of the Rings movies oh
and those two things don't exactly go
together well to me this is a tough one
Peter Jackson is very competent
filmmaker although he's doing something
which is almost mind-numbing Lee
retarded when we talk about the high
frame rate but we're going to leave or
get into the head
later but when I look at this I see a
couple of things I see Peter Jackson and
the studios saying make more of those
movies that made us a lot of money
movies made approximately gazillion
dollars yeah yeah and Peter Jackson also
saying I should probably make these
movies before someone else does and
Peter Jackson also saying I should
probably make these movies before Sir
Ian McKellen dies oh it's it's a fact of
life he's pretty old yeah and he looks
old and tired in this one so you know
the it's a bit macabre and a bit mean to
say but it's a it's a legitimate concern
um because he is Gandalf and he's an
excellent Gandalf and um you don't
really want to see another Peter Jackson
film with a different person playing
Gandil
so yeah the time is in of the essence
here they make money Peter Jackson likes
making them he likes the universe but
again I think you said this after seeing
the movie you said The Hobbit and
unexpected journey feels like having the
appetizer after the meal yeah it's like
oh we've already had the main course
now here have some potato chips mm-hmm
and that's why they're trying to
overcompensate for that by having yeah
by incorporating elements from other
talking writings that are in this
universe and really sort of patting it
out and having lots of filler lots of
lots of elongated action scenes that are
taken from other you know pieces of
writing I believe the expression is
scraping the bottom of the barrel yes
yes and I understand that Peter Jackson
really does love Tolkien and he loves
this world and loves this writing and it
shows it's a little bit different than
you know obviously money is an issue and
the idea of making these to make more
money is a real concern stretching it
out into three movies because three
movies will make more money than one
movie or two movies yeah um but it's a
little it feels a little less slimy than
it does with something like Twilight
because there's genuine people of talent
behind the camera and people that do
like making this so it's a little bit
different there yeah I would say it's um
since the problem is is these are all
kind of mild concern
turns and and I don't know anyone who's
outraged about these movies I'm sure
somebody's saying it's the worst movie
ever
yeah till the next worst movie ever
break right cuz it's not it it feels
like all the things I mentioned and it
also feels like like you said gathering
up as much source materials possible
kind of making a Frankenstein's monster
of them yeah I think it's sort of like
that we're not going to probably make
anything past The Hobbit as far as other
Tolkien adaptations so all these other
pieces of writing from the SIL mullerian
from there's other short stories and
stuff as well squeezes get it all in
here yeah one so we can make it into
three movies and and two because it'll
probably be the last time we do this I
can't just go running off into the blue
I'm a Baggins right of bagon Oh turbo
allow me to introduce Phoebe Phoebe I'm
doing darling Balin bifur Bofur Bombur
Dori nori Ori and the leader of our
company Thorin Oakenshield it reminded
me a lot of actually of Jackson's King
Kong movie where it's sort of
frustrating the storytelling is
frustrating because it's so sort of stop
and start yeah yeah when the individual
segments are entertaining in their own
right but on a narrative level it can be
very frustrating the difference with the
Hobbit is the Hobbit was a children's
book and and I actually read The Hobbit
yeah I read it too when I was younger
yeah I don't 200 some pages not yeah
it's very fairly light compared to the
the Lord of the Rings novels yeah and I
don't remember much about it I remember
Bilbo talking to a screech what's his
name
in this movie they're long stretches of
time go by where nothing really happens
with the Hobbit
no he kind of takes the backseat and
becomes the the dwarf movie for a while
yeah dwarfs adventure movie yeah and
then and then they bring up some of the
the bigger middle-earth story elements
which involve Gandalf and whatever the
fuck the health is name and oh yeah Cate
Blanchett shows up and they're like oh
and then Christopher Lee shows up who's
also one
the grave yeah yeah yeah yeah they're
all there and they're talking about
these big middle-earth issues and the
things to come the necromancer in the
grave danger approaches and you're like
well yeah that's all the sort of tie it
in with the lord of the race and that
sucks out the it sucks out the air from
the the simple children's tale of a
little happy Hobbit going on this big
adventure yeah it's like the big
adventure comes first and there is also
a happy Hobbit in it
yeah and it's sort of like a pole shift
because Peter Jackson probably likes all
the the darker bigger more grandiose
elements of Tolkien's stuff and that's
why he started with Lord of the Rings I
would imagine and I wants to make the
Hobbit that's a little kiddie movie
right right till the Lord of the Rings
comes out and makes a ton of money and
now oh now we'll do the Hobbit yeah he
didn't make in a film a single film
adaptation of The Hobbit first ray and
then move on he started with the bigger
more juicier stuff which is fine it is
but that's what's what's sort of odd
about this movie is that okay now we're
gonna go back and do the Hobbit but we
have to add all these other elements
that don't belong there yeah just
because now Lord of the Rings is huge
considered this huge epic fantasy yes
saga now there can be two epic fantasy
songs yes exactly and so where have we
seen that before
No
the five of us
it flames through
it's sort of amazing how we just kept oh
sorry
please leaves us in the final edit it is
sort of amazing how we're watching on
the screen and there's three different
types of characters from different sizes
but they're all normal human size all on
screen at the same time completely
flawless yeah and you're just like oh
yeah oh that's right that's what's the
best thing in effect can do is you
forget that it's in effect yeah and it's
all blended it's like perfect and and
that stuff is there the Peter Jackson's
sort of it's become tradition almost
where some effects are really amazing
and then there's others where you're
like oh was that finished there's some
of that in this like with the the brown
radda radda gas car whatever the brown
wizard's name is when the brown wizard
is is Ryan his little bunny sled and
you're like oh mmm I don't think I look
bad no that stuck out to me is looking
very the one thing that looked like fake
for some reason was when the guy sneezed
on Bilbo and he's all the way his hand
I think proportions are always tough to
do like King Kong had that problem too
and King Kong looks great in the wide
shots but when he's holding her yeah she
looks sort of awkward and as yes it's
probably a limit of the technology at
this point yeah it just looked like he
was like.he down there fake and it
didn't look like it match it just kind
of stood out to me but everything else
you know all those other cities and the
scenery and I liked a lot of the
creatures I think some people might be
complaining about the the overuse of CG
and this one versus the other ones but
there's so many real effects and
miniatures and I liked a lot of the
creatures unless they had sort of even
though they were CG instead of puppets
they reminded me a lot of tonally a lot
of some of the Jim Henson's stuff like
labyrinth or the storyteller the series
he did well let me say this I don't
think I'm a huge fan of token I I think
I think it's a lot of detail it's it's
that's the thing as Peter Jackson's made
action movies out of stories that earn
action story yeah but yeah he's you know
the structure of Tolkien is very I guess
that this is appropriate then because
it's not a direct you know
linear narrative yeah like we went back
and we watched The Hobbit cartoon
oh yeah just for contrast we decided to
watch the the rank & basgier - yeah just
to kind of refresh our memories of what
was in The Hobbit and what was added in
and taken from other source material and
stuff like that and yeah we got to the
point where this film ends and we saw
all the scenes beyond that that will
most likely appear in the next two films
yeah the hiding in barrels and the I was
just imagining what that will look like
in yeah Peter Jackson's movie it's
almost like I like honestly I don't have
much of an interest in seeing the next
two films really I will see them yeah
but yeah like you said I can just
foresee everything like okay okay I'll
watch them but they Bilbo helps the
dwarves escape in barrels of wine
barrels or something like that that are
empty and they they go down and unload
on a river and yeah we're watching it
we're thinking okay we're gonna have
this giant waterfall they're going to go
off the waterfall that's gonna go on 220
bit it's gonna be this big actually
because we got a stretch this this
material yeah I'm like okay I've seen it
I could see it in my mind's eye I think
a part of it more than just stretching
the material into three movies is just
that's kind of Peter Jackson's general
mentality as he likes to drag things out
yet this he likes XS and that goes all
the way back to his early splatter
movies look it's like Dead Alive that
movie is about XS the the gore is taken
to such an extreme that it's funny
the battle scenes in the First Lord of
the Rings trilogy I would say are rather
excessive but they they are reaching an
overall goal yeah point to them and this
movie in The Hobbit there's a lot of
excessive action scenes that don't
really serve any sort of purpose right
other than it might have been a little
thing that was mentioned in the books
any and he brings it out into this big
elaborate a good saying that yeah
another another good example would be as
King Kong the original King Kong Kong
fights a t-rex so in the the Peter
Jackson one he has to fight to t-rexes
and it has to go on for 30 minutes and
they have to fall in a cavern and get
caught up in vines and it's just yeah
taken to such an extreme watching King
Kong you're an hour and a half into it
I'm like - haven't even left Skull
Island yet do they even get the Skull
Island by an hour and a half there on
that boat forever - yeah yeah the
flipside of that those at Peter Jackson
is actually a good actor director though
like all the performances and all these
Lord of the Rings movies are really good
and they're really rich yeah and well
directed and there's a lot of motion and
all this stuff but like you said the
same time you watch the Lord of the
Rings trilogy and there's this big like
looming thing that's going on and it
feels really big yeah in this there's
the dwarves they they get kidnapped by
the trolls they have a fight scene with
them goblins I can understand say about
no goblins and then they end up in a no
not trolls underground underground the
gobble goblins I haven't got those
goblins and ghosts they end up in the
goblin lair and they meet the Goblin
King so so and it's like one scene after
the next it's an adventure movie it's
almost like a roadtrip movie yeah in in
Fantasyland they but then every time
what's-his-face the the wizard guy
Gandalf he shows up and he's like I'm
here to save you okay that haven't
smelled a lot of the action scenes have
the same sort of artists and and you
know that they're not going to get
anywhere at the end of this movie um so
it's like okay and then and the Hobbit
is like that it's just cool yeah you
know it's this little guy and it goes
along adventures um they throw an arc in
there with with Bilbo you know
he says only it takes true courage to
know when to kill and when not to kill
and then he's trying to prove his worth
to UM Oakenshield the the leader dwarves
yeah Thorin yeah Thorin Oakenshield and
he's like that hobbits just a little
pussy and then he's like I'm not I saved
you
makes you wonder what they're gonna do
with the next ones if his uh yeah it was
over the course of this movie know what
last we watched the cartoon show and
spoilers but we watched the cartoon show
and just some guy kills the dragon that
was sort of odd yeah I'm guessing though
they will embellish on that to an extent
in the movies but I don't know in the
cartoon Bilbo Baggins tells a little
Magic Bird where the hole in the Dragons
armor is and then the magic bird tells
some guy yeah and he shoots him and then
the drag and so this is where Tolkien
fans get mad at us for calling whoever
that is just some guy I'm sure he's
super important or something maybe but
he's not it's not like it's not The
Hobbit yes not Bilbo
jr. rlto kyun like his stories are
written in a different era you know it's
not like the heroes fighting the Dragons
yeah and and I think toki and has no
idea what he was doing I got I just
picture Peter Jackson going oh Jesus
fuck what oh Christ what am I do here
it's actually impressive how he's taken
Peter Jackson has taken tokens work and
made it it's kind of found a nice
balance between making a more
traditional narrative and staying true
tits okay yes you have to find that
balance yeah and he's done that pretty
well yeah this is the only one out of
the four movies that felt a little
stuffy starting to me a little too often
yes yes before they had a nicer flow to
them yeah I tried reading The Lord of
the Rings books and I got a bone you
could not get me to read those I got
about 50 pages in I got tired of reading
the word fortnight it was people moving
along a map and complex details about
this map and stopping and and and
stopping and camping and moving around
and staying for a fortnight here and a
fortnight and I was like you know I need
to go out and and play outside
I understand I need to go go on your own
adventures I need to go feel the
sunshine on my face make friends of or
meet a nice girl are you gonna do any of
these things someday I plan to
okay well I guess we're being kind of
down on the movie even though I don't
think either of us disliked it all that
much so what what are some things you
enjoyed about the film I'm not being
done yeah I enjoyed it quite a bit I I
had a great time watching it it's a very
good movie yeah for me it was it was a
good movie I did like it it's slightly
disappointing as someone that really
really liked the previous movies yeah
because it's sort of missing a little
bit of that that sort of hearts that
emotional connection and maybe that will
develop more as the series goes on
hopefully but for me I mean the Lord of
the Rings movies the what really drives
that emotionally is the relationship
between Sam and Frodo specifically Sam
and I was sort of unwavering devotion to
Frodo and that's really the heart of
that that series of stories and this one
that's not there at least not yet yeah
that was established in the first Lord
of the Rings movie in fellowship so
we'll see what happens but there's no
real connection
hopefully they'll try and work some more
that in with the later from yeah yeah I
didn't get magnetized is anything
particular in the movies they weren't
bad they were very good very well made I
was riveted during the the during the
Gollum stuff I thought that was all yes
I don't know she describes the Gollum
performance in the Gollum Gollum is yeah
just as impressive as he wasn't Lord of
the Rings just just a great performance
yeah really uh sort of pathetic and sad
and yeah really good stuff by Andy
Serkis again he uses precious thing
so we actually saw the Hobbit twice it
is of course a lot of people know
playing in what's called high frame
rates 3d 48 frames a second the movie
was shot in but I do not like 3d you do
not like 3d so we decided the first time
we would see it we just wanted to watch
the movie so I saw a standard regular
projection of it and then we went back
to see what all the fuss was there's
been a lot of controversy over this 48
frames a second business but deservedly
so deservedly so so we thought we would
check it out so Mike what were your
impressions of the high frame rates 3d
projection of The Hobbit well it was a
nightmare it was what they call a living
nightmare a disaster and an insult to
everything I hold dear mmm
for one we saw we didn't just see the
film in high frame rate and 3d which are
two to three DS okay here and there I
will avoid 3d movies at all costs I may
have seen one 3d movie that I sort of
enjoyed watching but for the most part
it's a terrible terrible experience yeah
put high frame rate on top of that and
it makes it worse yes but on top of that
we saw it at on an ultra screen which
normally is fine we saw it at an ultra
screen in the Marcus majestic theater
just a beautiful theater in Brookfield
Wisconsin they have a great Ultra screen
there but we arrived a little late and
had to sit down in the corner in the
front can you promise that it will come
back
no other than the sound everything else
was terrible about the experience the
sound was amazing the sound will give
her that yeah it was better than the
first time we saw yeah but I'm looking
up at an image that's gigantic and
distorted and distorted because of the
angle we're at I'm watching it through
through annoying 3d glasses that don't
cover the full spectrum of my vision it
dims the picture significantly and
everyone looks like they're moving
quickly and the film looks like a
terrible video yes so this film Peter
Jackson high frame rate all this all
these doohickeys and gizmos and and fads
and whatever the fuck else is happening
there it's almost like they're
intentionally trying to ruin the movie
experience this isn't a fad though 48
frames is the future of cinema Mike I
don't know if you understand that this
is gonna change the way we view movies
forever that's the goal why are you
against change what do you have against
progress is it because it looks like
absolute garbage and makes you want to
shoot yourself in the face yes is that
your problem yes
well let's J let's take it a step back
let's explain what 48 frames is here's
the deal every one film is isn't always
has been projected and recorded at 24
frames a second a video is is a little
different it's 30 frames a second or
29.97 because of video fields and all
sorts of technical stuff that is too
complicated to get into but film is
projected at 24 frames a second so we
have we have one second to drop this
this bottle cap whatever 24 frames of it
falling and hitting hitting the thing
the Hobbit is shot at 48 frames a second
so it's technically when you shoot shoot
more frames it slows it down
right you shoot 60 frames 100 frames 100
frames means it's going to fall at a
hundred frames till it hits thing you
should at 10 frames it's going to go
much
yes so old-time movies had a slower
frame rate so they that's why the
old-time movies look all fast and so
yeah um so what Peter Jackson and other
people shooting at this if this high
frame rate are doing are shooting 48
frames which is technically slower and
then speeding it up they're not
necessarily speeding it up but it's
matching real time but there's more
information there's there's less motion
blur there's more clarity in the image
which is better for 3d I guess even
though I hate 3d anyway yeah I would
enjoy watching high frame rate
projection of like a nature documentary
like the earth series the BBC earth
planet Earth whatever it's called um an
IMAX 3d experience of some kind like
that but um we're used to motion blur in
film yeah you know because that's that's
the way that it's going through the film
gate and when something pans fast yeah
it blurs it when it's smooth it looks
more like video yeah so watching this at
the high frame rate um it looks like a
video yeah well it goes a little deeper
than just saying you know 24 frames
that's what we're used to so that's why
this looks bad it goes deeper and more
into how your brain processes
information and and in this case there's
parts where they're moving at normal
speed but your brain processes processes
it as them looking like they're walking
fast like just sped up and there were
very weird portions in the movie where
it looked like they were walking normal
but then all of a sudden it would go
like it like it like a jerky like ghost
in a bad horror movie or something it
was very off-putting and weird yeah and
the clarity of like panning shots or
specifically action scenes where the
cameras going crazy and there's a lot
going on because there's so much clarity
it actually made it hard to focus on
anything and this is going to vary from
person to person because you talk about
I mean some people 3d doesn't work for
them it looks blurry or crappy some
people can't see those
magic eye posters whatever those are
called so this may look good to some
people but I think the way that most
people process the information that's
being fed to them at a specific frame
rate it looks horrible and off-putting
well yeah the the one parts the parts
that got me when characters were just
standing there talking obviously was
fine but yeah I noticed it like there's
a shot where Bilbo Baggins turns around
real fast oh yeah ever goes you know it
looks like it's sped up and when they're
walking looks like it's about up um
there was some like really epic shots
where the cameras going that's not was
starting to make me a little knock it
made me say if I want too much
information in my brain and it made me
like my natural reaction was to look
away from the screen so like yeah dim
picture awkward glasses distorted angle
making me nauseous it was like someone
was like hitting me in the face with the
bat don't like movies anymore yeah it's
like why are you doing this to us Peter
Jackson it is the absolute most hideous
looking movie I've ever seen as a result
and it's a shame because I was actually
I was thinking about it even though I
was mildly disappointed with the movie I
still liked a lot about it and when we
were getting ready to go see it the
second time I was thinking about like oh
I can't wait to revisit the scene or
this moment because I liked a lot of
stuff in it and the minute the movie
started I think my reaction physical
reaction was uh yeah it was it was a
distracting terrible experience but now
the reality is that it's not that
difficult to shoot in 3d I love it when
a film draws you in and you become part
of the experience and 3d helps immerse
you in the film I did try to go in with
an open mind I really did
it's it's you know people might not
believe that because we're being so hard
on it but I was reading beforehand a lot
of things about 48 frame shooting and
and the projection and all that and a
lot of negative stuff a lot of people
that are really in the film seem to hate
it some positive stuff so I was like all
right so I will go in I will give two
shots even if I don't like it
immediately I will try and you know ease
into it see if it grows on me and it
just never did it just looked horrible
every every moment I was in theater I
wanted to leave it was a perfect storm
of bad movie experiences with the
exception of someone kicking the back of
your seat ones left eye ones the right
eye when shoots through a mirror the
other one bounces off a mirror
how does 3d how does a movie being
projected at 48 frames a second alter
the story at all with using two eyes we
can move the cameras apart and also more
importantly as fine a convergence point
movies are no longer about the story J
they're about the experience the
immersion into a world as James Cameron
put it okay
they're about something things happen
but you're supposed to immerse yourself
in a world it's more it's it's a it's a
carnival right now
so in conclusion go see The Hobbit it's
it's it's a pretty enjoyable theatrical
experience unless you're seeing it in
all the ways that Peter Jackson would
prefer you to see
is Bilbo Baggins
butchie's Gaines's fresh so I never
thought I'd missed the relationship of
two gay hobbits here I got this for you
what the heck is that it's a movie
trivia game they make for dummies I want
to see how bad you fail at it yet
there's gonna be hysterical I need to
sit down for this yeah this shit's easy
yeah these are always super easy
questions let's do this will show you
who knows about movies mister yeah
okay ready J ask a question all right
I'm gonna say the actors in the movie
you say the movie okay sounds good let's
go first card watch this shit watch this
mr. blinker we're gonna throw this down
motherfucker here we go yeah 1982 sci fi
drew Barrymore and Steven Spielberg
director
Beatty yeah oh look at that
what it's a weird coincidence mr.
Plunkett had a copy of ET on VHS right
there oh that's interesting
weird well whatever asked me one okay
you ready yeah I'm ready
1999 horror Bruce Willis Haley Joel
Osment ha The Sixth Sense
that's right but easy yeah oh look
that's right there has that always been
there I don't know but I promise I
didn't cheat I knew that one well sure
that was super easy they're all super
easy read me one okay 1995 animation Tom
Hanks Tim Allen Toy Story yeah oh my god
what the fuck that just appeared out of
thin air I saw it too I saw it with my
own eyes Jay what if this game is like
some kind of magic Jumanji game we say
the name of the movie and then it
magically appears in its VHS forum holy
shit do you know what this means we
could accumulate so many VHS copies of
movies that nobody can get rid of we
could start our own landfill oh my god
this is amazing let's try it again okay
I get me another one right okay I'm
ready
uma Thurman John Travolta pulp fiction
oh my god it's real it's really
happening
sv1 okay okay oh my god this is amazing
okay okay here we go ready ready Bill
Murray and Richard Dreyfuss what about
Bob oh look at a beard on top of the
fucking curio oh my god why did it
appear up there there's no rhyme or
reason to any of this I don't know I'm
gonna ask you one this is so exciting
Marlon Brando Francis Ford Coppola
directs hmm that's hard The Godfather
hmm
yay Kevin Costner and Morgan Freeman
Robin Hood is it Robin Hood I think it's
Robin Hood yeah Mel Gibson Danny Glover
Lethal Weapon yay Tom Hanks Robin Wright
Penn who's Robin Wright Penn Tom Hanks
bubble gum
Forrest Gump yeah okay Jay this is a
comedy all right
jim Varney Ernest goes to camp yes
that's right where is it
it was Ernest goes to camp Brice I'm one
of the other Ernest movies no no no you
guessed it right it does say Ernest goes
to camp but I don't see where it it has
appeared at hmm
