Jul 8, 2012
The Amazing Spider-Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLzW9dSEx6I
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/221962033325809664
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/100999376713008
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-amazing-spider-man

Previously on Lost.
What is going on?
What are you doing?
Jay?
What's happening?
I don't know.
What's going on?
This doesn't look like a cookout.
No.
Oh, my god.
They have weapons.
Is this the end for Half in the Bag?
Were you talking to me?
we'd better run!
Come with me if you want to live.
Half in the bag.
Me underwears?
hey thanks for helping us out back there
yeah we really appreciate it yeah I
think those guys were gonna kill us
yeah it's really no big deal yeah
believe it or not that kind of thing
happens to me all the time on my lunch
break
really Oh what you guys are free to hang
out here in the back of my comic book
shop yeah so that he dies down oh wow
yeah we would appreciate that all right
is there anything around here we could
read or do oh you know I've got a copy
of the UH the new amazing spider-man
film you mean the one that's in the
theaters now oh yeah I've got a camera
above it oh is it on your computer out
there iPads
oh god I got my data cam yeah not like
that digital shit yeah I wasn't very
easy smuggling in a 75-pound camera into
the movie theater but I just slapped
code on it passed it off was my retarded
child work like a charm
yeah so Jay what do you say you want to
watch the amazing spider-man with this
weird guy it's better than killing
myself
well that was that hey why did we stand
here and watch the movie
there's two and a half hours long well
to be fair it only felt like five hours
yeah you know if you're gonna steal cars
don't dress like a car thief you found
my weakness in small knives
the amazing spider-man is the new reboot
reimagining remake thing about
spider-man
most recently directed by Sam Raimi this
version however is directed by some guy
named Mark Webb who are you talking to
be quiet he's doing his intro please
continue the amazing spider-man tells
the story we've seen already except this
time with a lizard instead of a man in a
plastic Halloween mask the plot was
clearly stolen from the 1971 films at as
the lizard wants to turn humans into his
own kind for either superiority reasons
or lack of an arm complex or something
spider-man must stop him I guess so
between the three of us here rich I
think you're the only one that has a lot
of history with spider-man what do you
what is your past experiences with
spider-man no I've been a huge
spider-man fan probably since I was 15
and Marvel doesn't want me to be a
spider-man fan they keep telling me to
go fuck myself they don't like me they
want little kids to read the books and I
can go fuck my so it's like the opposite
of Batman but would you consider
yourself like a spider-man expert day I
guess sure you was surety close to them
okay old-school spider-man expert I like
I'm very out of the loop with this one
you don't watch like the kiddie cartoon
shows I haven't I haven't been buying
the books for like the better part of a
decade now oh wow so okay well I think
it's only fair that we ask rich first
what he thought of the movies so rich
what did you think of the amazing
spider-man better luck next time
oh no yeah that's a good way to put it
yeah I would say uh Sam Raimi FTW I
gotta say I'll say this before before
this movie I think it's come up before
that I wasn't the biggest fan of the Sam
Raimi spider-man hmm
I know have a new appreciation for the
Sam Raimi spider-man
well I would say that the tone of the
movie is the biggest one of the biggest
problems because it is played a little
more straight a little more
realistically but that makes things like
giant lizard monsters stand out even
more than it would in the Sam Raimi
universe to say the least
tone and inconsistency is the problem
with this movie that's that's the main
thing now because it goes from very
serious dramatic moments to kind of
really bizarre kind of trying attempts
of comedy the one thing that being
light-hearted there's that part when
they're playing basketball and he's
playing basketball after he's gained as
Spidey powers yeah there's like fun
music playing and it's like when did
this become a comedy all this ugh well
the one thing that sticks out to me that
was a groaner scene and I noticed you
groaned when we watched it on your
television over there yeah yeah um was
when Spiderman or whatever his name
Peter Peter Parker is that it yes he
goes into the police station and he's
trying to convince Denis Leary that
there's a lizard running around and it
reminded me that scene from gremlins
when um oh that goes into into the
police station and that the police are
just drunk and they're like and they're
making fun of his little monsters and
he's like there's a giant lizard running
around New York's and I'm like but you
would have me believe that he in his
spare time is running around dressed up
like a giant dinosaur not dressing up in
on a dinosaur he has transformed himself
into a giant lizard and it sounds
ridiculous saying there's a giant lizard
running on sitting so it's like they
didn't know how to handle that
particular material the concept of a
lizard man running around is schlocky
and silly and stupid but then they they
have that counterbalanced with serious
dramatic relationship parents dead
girlfriend Bulova so it's like those two
elements should not be in the same movie
and that scene was when they had to work
together
I've made enemies powerful enemies put
those I love in danger but the one thing
that has haunted me my entire life is
finding the truth about my parents
I try to just watch the movie and sort
of keep whatever is outside the movie
out of it just watch the movie this one
it was almost impossible to do that with
one because the Sam Raimi movies are
still popular they're still fresh in
people's minds they're not that old and
to all the the politics behind why this
movie was made it's almost impossible to
look at it as a movie that they don't
even wanted to make right it just comes
across like something that was made to
keep spider-man in people's minds and
keep a franchise alive and then move on
like that's all it feels like we just
say that this movie portrayed spider-man
more accurately than the Sam Raimi one
which one did in costume with the quips
this movie was probably a bit more
accurate the jokey Spiderman that's kind
of what they did with this okay uh as
far as Peter Parker I don't think either
of them really get it quite right though
I'm this is one of those things where
I'm probably too big a fan there's
probably no actor they can ever find
that will really satisfy me in that role
what about Ben Affleck
what about burgess Meredith maybe well I
remember when we talked about the Fright
Night remake and I was saying how they
everything they changed to sort of
justify doing a remake was for the worse
and I kind of feel the exact same way
about this the the Uncle Ben getting
killed thing was was completely just it
just happened and glossed over and it
didn't affect spider-man as a character
really at all for the rest of the movie
yeah it's like oh he's gone and then the
movie just keeps going it had no sort of
impact or any kind of weight to it yeah
I remember that being the most exciting
moment in the Sam Raimi one yeah not
when Uncle Ben gets killed but when you
know like Peter Parker's their Uncle
Ben's dad you hear like the police radio
it's like my god I'm on the Romneys on
then sick today and he puts his math
it's good stuff and it goes back to me
right then and it's effective like it
was it distracting to you that Uncle Ben
and Aunt May were Sally Field and Martin
Sheen yes yeah but then yeah so the
first hour or so of the movie is
basically the exact same beats from the
Sam Raimi one pretty much in different
order minor variations but but less
effective I would say like the Sam Raimi
one too the first half of the movie
where he gets the powers he's learning
how to use the powers he's accidentally
smashing the alarm
and the sam raimi kind of did that to
where he doesn't know how to use his
powers yet yeah those are the best parts
of both two movies and then in both
movies they introduced the lame
supervillain plot yeah and the movies
instantly go down here perhaps I see
same in both movies it's a superhero
origin problem but we've discussed
before it's whenever they establish him
as the hero once that's in place the
movie just goes boom yeah what does the
interesting part is learning to be a
hero yeah exactly I I did like I did
like the way like the crime-fighting
evolved in this way yeah it's gonna but
it was a different take where it started
officers like the revenge thing I'm
gonna get the one guy and it wasn't like
a sudden ship like now I'm gonna be a
superhero protection city it was well
now I'm gonna get the mask yeah now I'm
gonna get the web-shooters it took its
time a little more developing how he
becomes spider-man yeah well we were
discussing uh earlier the the sequence
where he you were talking about the
sequence where he builds his costume in
this I saw that and he he sees the
wrestler mask and then he goes home and
he they kind of show him putting it
together over his shoulder and then all
of a sudden he has it and I was like hey
neat he's gonna make that spider-man
costume and I thought for a second he
was going to knit his spider-man costume
maybe make it out of like the web
material super something super strong
and durable yeah because in the Tobey
Maguire version and this one they it's
like this high school kid who lives in
his aunt's house and all of a sudden
he's got this movie quality costume out
of nowhere so I thought they were going
to show him like knitting the costume
together like a spider would knit a web
yeah he could hang in the corner of his
room and hang upside down go with like
threads and yes and and like show that
the leg come out and like he made it
like a spider made it yeah I was like
that's gonna be great when I Oh didn't
happen no it just has a cheap looking
mask and then a couple scenes later yeah
the full costume and what I was saying
was this that's easier to accept in the
Sam Raimi version because it's a little
more fantastical a little more realist
unrealistic so you're just like okay I
guess he has a spider-man costume now
but on this one where it's played
relatively serious and more realistic
yeah it's it's less believable that he
would just have this great costume so
rich Evans and everything I know about
spider-man all the villains are a
good-natured good-hearted scientist
gets sucked into his own creation goes
crazy and then dies at the end why is
every villain like that because you have
one man who wrote all the stories I
think Stanley just has a fondness for
dr. Jekyll and mr. Hyde
mm that that's desperate that's less to
the best of my knowledge that's why it's
just Stanley it's what he likes
well spreader Minh doesn't really I
don't think he has a lot of people say
the green goblin is an arch-nemesis I
don't think spider-man has a great
arch-nemesis
okay the green Goblin's motives to me
have always been pretty weak it's always
been I'm gonna get you spider-man
because you beat me there's nothing
really
my personal about it's not that other
other than spider-man beat him it's not
like it's not like the Batman and Joker
where they're just completely
contrasting ideologies it's like Anarchy
versus order it doesn't really there's
nothing spider-man doesn't have anything
comparable alas just this guy's a bad
guy I gotta fight him now well listen
movies certainly captures that I gotta
stop him
do you think what happened to you Peter
was an accident
do you have any fear
the the thrust of the drama in the
spider-man comic books hasn't been the
villains they're just obstacles yeah
it's always been how his personal life
is affected by him being spider-man and
that's why I mama comes yeah and that's
what I like spider-man to so much I mean
I think that's the best spider-man movie
can would you agree as a spider-man guy
spider-man - oh yeah yeah yeah that's
cuz that's that whole movie is just
personal shit being piled up topping
those other things and that's the comic
book yeah built like a soap opera
okay you never get a sense for who Peter
Parker is in this you never get a sense
of what the villain really wants or what
he's after other than he's gonna make
everybody like I'm sad about my stomp er
it's so sad stumpy arm every line of
dialogue about my stumpy arm
oh I turn into a lizard monster now I
want to take over also Peter Parker was
a retard because I was I was frustrated
with him when after a lizard man is
smashing a bridge up and after just
having a scene with dr. Connors about
regenerating limbs and turning humans
into hybrid DNA he goes oh I got some
questions about lizards smashing things
and then and then finally at the end of
the scene he's a guy I don't know why
you're sorry just a blood and he's got
like scales and Peter Parker's like oh I
would I would have even gone to Oscorp
who else would turn out a lizard monster
you sure about that
what are you reading oh this is the new
issue of geek magazine oh it has
spider-man on the cover I see that yeah
there's an interview with director Marc
Webb did they pick him because his last
name is Webb yeah so there's some quotes
in here I will read you okay um this is
I think this is by one of the producers
on the ending I can't tell you the final
reason but I think when you walk out of
the theater it leaves you with a
provocative ending you've never seen
anything like it
or felt anything like it in a superhero
movie it defies traditional storytelling
in the end and I'm really proud of it
you mean like like entirely different
like first spider-man movie you haven't
seen something like this in a superhero
movie
the authenticity and intensity of that
relationship is something that's very
unique did did every interviewing
Pinocchio oh my god he says 3d one two
three four five six seven eight nine
times in this paragraph 3d 3d 3d threes
in 3d 3ds great but Super Bass the
producer it's the Rick McCallum syndrome
yeah everything's great yes yeah
everything it's it's their job it's
their job to lie I guess I know that
sounds like an easy one but I feel very
strongly about the use of 3d in our film
there are movies that are meant to be in
3d and then there are movies that are
not meant to be in 3d we shot our movie
in 3d and we choreographed it in 3d and
it was meant to be made in 3d that's
what separates us from so many 3d movies
people have seen in 3d you added some of
those 3d I did max oh my lord in
simplest terms it was a jumbled mess
yeah and it was a rehash of of the I'm
gonna spread gas all over the city
the magical gas those bad things and you
got the staple of these movies they've
been doing this since 89
yeah Joker speaking of Batman I'm now
remembering that Batman Begins also has
a plot where the bad guy wants to spray
gas all over the city I'm sure that's
just a huge coincidence
how many comic book movies have to end
with the bad guy wanting to spread a gas
or a chemical agent all over the city to
do something to all the citizens let's
figure that you seriously want a list of
little this the original bat in got an
89 one okay the drug the Joker will
spray the laughing gas everywhere okay
Batman begin begins Liam Neeson wants to
spray the gas all over loosen an
hallucinogenic yes yeah there's also the
original x-men movie from 1999 magneto
was going to do something on the Statue
of Liberty that infected all the
dignitaries or turned them all into
mutants so I've got number three um
there's this movie The Amazing Spiderman
what happened in Blankman did they do
this is like me
she's one what other dumb minor point I
want to bring up about the gas plot why
was that like a hyper complicated
machine who's like secret invention that
we could never use it was too dangerous
it's a fucking mortar they could have
done that in World War two I mean the
graves it up a building and it's like
charging up it's charging two minutes to
detonation yeah I just shoots it up in
the air and explodes it's a science
thing what could he just push button the
chemical light up and explode where did
have to charge for two minutes for this
we're saying a complicated gaseous
complicated he should have put it in a
little squirt bottle like that and it's
gone around and squirted people well how
do you feel about the portrayal of Gwen
Stacy in this movie because I know
nothing about Gwen Stacy
I know Mary Jane just based on the other
movie once Stacy in the comic books was
just kind of a fairly generic love
interest I mean I was never a huge Gwen
Stacy fans only captured that greatness
thing it's like you're saying it's movie
yeah yeah I think Emma Stone is that her
name yeah I think she's a fine actress
just looks a little too much like
Lindsay Lohan see I don't see that they
look exactly alike
I disagree are stupid I disagree
completely
watch this well I know you are a fan of
Kirsten Dunst oh yeah I really liked her
in the spider-man films in all films
I've seen her in it's safe to say that
I'm sexually attracted to Kirsten Dunst
I want to stick my Dunst in Kirsten's
const um I want to give it to her
Pavlov's doggy style I'll ring her Bell
till she salivates I want to her till
she's sick give her melon cholera
there's a like a thing on melancholia I
don't even know who you are anymore
I don't even know who you are at all I
mean really I just met you two so there
is no Jay jonah Jameson Uncle Ben and
Aunt May are played by two well-known
actors that we all hate
Andrew Garfield is a flatline yes
doesn't know how to say Peter Parker he
plays him dumb at times confused at
times and he's supposed to be a super
intelligent scientist guy supposed to be
a skateboarder he's supposed to be 26
different things all wrapped up enough
and an offense photographer and a
photography and a retiree I'm all
wrapped up in a dumb expression on his
face and the main bad guy who's played
by James Spader is completely boring and
a nun interest you're leading on one the
best part of the movie for me most
enjoyable aspect of the movie was Denis
Leary oh yeah he didn't good you even
did a great job
I I that the spy I saw spider-man but
now I want to see a movie cult was
starring Denis Leary called cop dad nosy
cop dad so you fucked up Hollywood again
but you still make tons of money so
we're the asshole sitting in the back of
a comic book shop complaining about the
movie that you're going to make tons of
money on well we can't pay our rent or
bills
yeah it's it's them pretending to
understand the material but not really
understanding the material it's like all
these these fucking soulless producers
and hack writers
oh yeah spider-man's about gay
characters and oh listen and it's gonna
enthrall you and excite you and you're
gonna feel the emotion of ever blab a
bladder plug and and then really there
just like product product product yeah
money products and and then they all
these all these like soulless horrible
hacks
I'll get together and they shove all the
shit into something and then they take a
dump well sometimes it fools people and
sometimes it's more noticeable and this
is one word just this is just such a
joyless experience watching this movie
that doesn't feel like like there's any
passion behind it at all well it's the
it's also on the flip side of that coin
it's it's it's them not getting that
amazing spider-man should be a colorful
fun experience and then it's like the
flip side of that coin is the Joel
Schumacher going Batman needs to have
collars yeah books are colors what's the
cold biome oh they're called comic books
not drama books right and and you're
like that's not Batman yeah that man is
not colorful Batman is dark and and
moody and there's there's this like core
conflict in Batman and it's not colorful
that's wrong cider man is is is colorful
yeah it's not dark and moody and
conflicting you know he has a
relationship problems and that sort of
stuff but it really should be
light-hearted and fun and adventurous in
this is not and corny it's okay to be
corny sometimes right I think the Sam
Raimi movies are wonderful do you
appreciate the same range I appreciate
them a lot more now I appreciate Tobey
Maguire more yes more so I'm so loud I'm
still not completely sold on something
above IRS Peter Parker but I have less
problems than I did well we have a
surprise for you
because Tobey Maguire is here huh where
oh I don't think he ever was here tell
us a little bit about yourself mr.
Parker what is your father - Peter fine
everybody knew my father my parents left
I was ready up Peter someday you'll
understand it's it's a forgettable
spider-man movie and there'll be another
one so who gives a fuck if it's bad hmm
there's one Apple people counting the
money yeah but but it's also like this
this problem now of like chucking your
wad too much where you you can't do this
too often
you can't remake things so quickly and
then fuck them up and then try it again
and then it's just if the audience has a
breaking point sure where we're just
gonna go stop like we want original
stories we why are you are you
overestimating the audience I people
like us they don't give a shit about us
no care no I know but um I I do I will
give an audience some credit like
imagine if they rebooted this next year
yeah another spider it's the one of my
classes at school there was a budget
thing a breakdown and it was the police
academy movies and it was called the
police academy equation okay and and it
was police academy 1 and it showed
budget to profit ratio police academy 1
budget to profit chair police academy to
budget to profit police academy 3 now
etc 4 5 6 done Nash and I think that's
sort of I think that's what will happen
with all these remakes is that if you
keep rehashing the same story in the
same shit and all these movies over and
over again it you can you can get away
with it for so long before it stops on a
completely unrelated note they're
working on a remake of police academy
this is the most explosive adventure
ever faced by the world's most amazing
superhero
yeah if they remade spider-men next year
and they called it
what's another spider-man title a
spectacular spectacular spider-man
ultimate and I think I think people
would grow yeah and go oh that's the
ultimate irony is that the the more
exciting the adjective the worse the
movie's gonna get yeah
well the personal spider-man oh this is
great the amazing spider-man sir
spectacular spider-man
oh fuck the actual title is the
spectacular spider-man parenthetical
trust us it'll work this time no but
we're coming up on our third remake of
our third incarnation of Superman yeah
now the Zack Snyder Superman where the
70s one with a Christopher Reeve worked
great
you know it's an awesome Portland some
third ones well that's that's the case
for each movie it's like but the
Christopher Reeve one was an iconic one
and then they remade it and they fucked
it up yeah and then now they're remaking
it again
so I think like for me when they said
Superman's coming out I'll be like again
like it was a big deal when they remade
it because it hasn't been made since
1978 yeah all the while Superman's back
it's like all this although all the
steam has been let out of the engine
here's a question for you now with the
the Christopher Nolan Batman coming to
an end but since those movies were
really successful they're remaking there
oh I'm just gonna pick you're already
working on they're already working on it
yeah
okay you got to keep it's already
trained going cuz he's Christopher Nolan
says I'm not doing anymore yeah so
they're like well Batman is a money
maker we can't just stop we have to we
have to continue on I said I'm not even
gonna wait a respectful five years this
time why wait yeah why wait it's
everything speeds up and everything
becomes more disposable that's what I'm
talking about that that thing there's a
term in science called the carrying
capacity I remember this from science
class it's um it's how much how much the
earth can sustain of populations before
it reaches a point where people start
starving to death and dying and then it
resets itself and I think that's what
we're getting to we're at the peak
the carrying capacity of movies and
ideas where it's it's like faster and
faster and faster and faster professor
we can't sustain it look and then it
crashes I can't wait so we get to that
point oh I can't wait we should say that
there are movies like this around there
still made they just they're just not
the big yeah 10 pull movies can we
squeeze in a little review of moonrise
kingdom
I would love to squeeze in a tiny little
review of moonrise kingdom we won't
discuss too much cuz I'm guessing you
tonight moonrise kingdom is the best
movie I've seen all year you should
watch that instead of the Amazing
Spiderman you will get a more emotional
experience out of it now you will get a
more satisfying movie experience more
visually engaging it and it has better
special effects mom no it doesn't but
it's a great movie and and I'm sure
there's a lot of our audience that I
hate Wes Anderson because they think
he's a snobby hipster type I would say
this is one of his more accessible
movies I wouldn't say I'm on the fence
with Wes Anderson there's only been one
thing of his that I haven't liked and I
didn't give it past five minutes I
started watching The Royal Tenenbaums
and I saw Ben Stiller and he has two
twins and they're all dressed in the
same red jumpsuit and I said fuck this
movie now sorry you're missing out but I
love the life aquatic life aquatics good
and love Darjeeling Limited those are
really really good movies yeah and
Moonrise Kingdom fits right in it was a
little slow at first but then all the
characters that they set up really pay
off and it's really charming it you know
it's about about innocence yeah and
innocence love and how that reflects on
adulthood and the cynicism of adulthood
and and it kind of opens everyone's eyes
and it's really simple story that's
really really nice movie so after
watching The Amazing Spiderman you know
that's a masterpiece I liked that part
in the Amazing Spiderman when Spiderman
kicks the Lizardman
don't you mean moonrise kingdom that
scene happened in moonrise kingdom I
don't remember that is that that that
pussy little hipster Wes Anderson movie
yeah fuck that
because a douchebag that guy's a
douchebag because he makes movies with
heart and soul I'd rather see a cynical
cash crab like the amazing spider-man
well I guess it's time to get going
yeah we got to get back to the VCR
repair shop oh so you're both VCR
repairman yes interesting what do you
two just hold on for one moment I have
to make an unrelated phone call okay
just just stay right there okay okay
good mm-hmm well there was nothing
suspicious about his extremely
suspicious behavior no Jack yes I'm
right
yeah it's definitely over celebrity over
shoulder I don't know maybe he's trying
to like think of what we might want on
the pizza
I guess I'm assuming he's ordering a
pizza based on yeah well you know yeah
nothing they're a very dumb or very
drunk they they think I'm ordering a
pizza they they can clearly hear me
talking about them nothing there they're
really dumb it's gotta be then aah oh my
god Jay fine I think he might be part of
the conspiracy against stuff huh oh shit
um we got to get out of here yeah uh or
we got to take him out the Klingon
phaser quickly use it oh my bad oh I
think that one's done I think the top
ones kill oh it's good to share
you want to do someone I'll do a couple
more yeah then we should from here yeah
