Nov 15, 2012
Skyfall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwmRRF5MQVE
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/269227188669263873
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151153162927634
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/282034691917142
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-skyfall

Half in the bag.
Fuck movies.
So did you hear George Lucas sold Star Wars to
Disney Disney really it's not the
company that makes pornos for children
oh hey guys mr. Plunkett Oh huh how does
he know we're here I don't know
hi mr. Plunkett financee yeah I'd like
to make a deposit my savings account I
think he thinks he's in the bank play
along hmm sure mr. Plunkett we can
deposit that money for you over here is
about about $500 sure thing let's posit
that right away thank you for stopping
it so in so bank financing Syria next
month holy shit we just got a free $500
what oh he hasn't left yet oh I thought
you were gone
no no I'm just about to leave right now
okay oh all right well
Taylor well Jay we got 500 smackaroos
here what do you say we go see a movie
it's gone you best know what's at stake
here
there is a must better take a bloody
shot Skyfall is the 37th James Bond film
in the Bond franchise it stars Pierce
Brosnan and Richard Burton Skyfall is
the 47th James Bond film Skyfall is the
67th James Bond film Skyfall is the
hundred and sixteenth Daniel Craig film
in the series of very successful spy
films about a character named Daniel
Craig the film stars James Bond and
Javier Bardem guy fall is the 568 James
Bond film in a series of comical films
for children Jay what did you think of
Skyfall I thought this movie sucks
I thought the opening action scene was
completely over-the-top I demand the
utmost realism in my James Bond films as
do i I expect nothing but a film that
makes complete and total sense logically
and realistically I refer to this film
as Skyy fail oh because it sucked the
performances were bad it was unrealistic
the main villain sucked everything he
did was nonsensical and stupid the
actors sucked in fact I like to also
refer to him as Javier boredom oh
because he's so boring on screen and I
called Daniel Craig Daniel boredom
because he's also boring on screen
I don't know if you notice this or not J
but in the opening of the movie there's
a chase sequence and they end up on a
train and a James Bond gets inside like
a claw machine yes
what's a call a cat a cat yeah the thing
that digs up dirt yeah and and and he
turns it on which doesn't make sense why
would someone leave a key in it
I know uhm and then he turns it and any
he the bad guy disconnects the train and
he uses the claw deck to hook the train
though and and the guy shooting at him
you know and the whole time you're
thinking and why does that other guy
just run away yeah I mean plot hole I
mean sure it was exciting and and fun
and clever and creative and exhilarating
but why didn't the guy just run away he
could have taken that opportunity to run
away I mean who wrote this script that
ruined the whole movie for it really did
another thing is during that sequence
there was a part where other cars start
falling off of the Train yeah and and M
goes what was that
and and the girl that's chasing
alongside him says it was a VW I think
yeah like a comical line yeah why would
you try and be funny during that
particular moment and James Bond film
yeah you'd think you'd be your heart
would be racing and yeah yeah it was
really unrealistic
the killer's goal in the movie is to try
and kill em he has a beef with her let's
just say it that way yeah and he has all
sort of computer knowledge and he can
hack in stuff and he does this thing
where he turns the gas on in the mi6
headquarters and he blows it up and and
M is not in the building at the time why
didn't he just wait till she came in the
building he knew she wasn't there and
and you know what why why would he even
do all those things with exposing the
agents why wouldn't he just walk into
Emma's house I'm sure I could find out
where she lives just shoot her in the
head
he's got so much computer access he
could just kick open her front door and
shoot her in the face
James Bond got into her house do you
remember yeah yeah he snuck in so
they're I mean they're both secret
agents Javier Bardem could have killed
her in the first five minutes of the
movie
how is he getting power to that island
where he has all his computers set up
what internet service does he use
wouldn't the internet service know like
hey there's a guy on this deserted
island you know checking his email and
where did he get all those henchmen why
would anyone want to be his henchman
yeah yeah like where does he get his
finances yeah just escaped from a prison
you know he ate a cyanide capsule yeah
and he certainly live yeah where does
James Bond clean his suits I mean where
does he get them like dry-cleaned it's
such a quick amount of time there's a
part where he's disguised at the airport
as like a limo driver yeah where do you
get the limo driver out yeah exactly
well there's that scene where James Bond
hunts down the guy from the opening of
the movie who stole the hard drive and
he's on a mission in Shanghai to do an
assassination yeah so it goes through
all this trouble and he goes inside this
building he kills the guard goes up to
the floor that's adjacent to the next
building where this assassination target
will be apparently the other people in
the room with the target know that he's
going to get shot he goes through all
this trouble to take up this device that
cuts a hole in the glass so that he can
have a shot I mean why not just kick the
door open to his apartment and shoot him
in the face or why didn't those other
people assassinate him do they think
this is some sort of spy movie it's like
some sort of fantasy spy thing yeah
we're one step leads to another and the
villain has these complicated plans and
everyone's trying to trick another I
mean that's a spy movie and James Bond
movies are not spy movie no well that's
the worst part about that scene with the
the assassin is that James Bond doesn't
even stop him from assassinating the guy
no you know he doesn't he doesn't even
stop the guy no and then he tries to get
information from the guy and he
accidentally loses the guy's hand and he
falls off the building and he doesn't
get any information that he wanted from
the guy right I mean how dumb can you be
to drop him like you're supposed to ask
him questions duh well I guess the James
Bond accidentally letting the guy go and
fall before I got information out of him
was kind of showing that James Bond was
slipping and his job as a secret agent
who's getting older getting sloppy and I
guess that was kind of the point of the
whole movie right
so Jay what did you really think about
Skyfall oh I thought it fucking sucks
three months ago you lost the drive
containing the identity of every agent
embedded in terrorist organizations
across the globe double-oh-seven
reporting for duty but he'll of you been
enjoying death no no in all seriousness
I was thoroughly entertained by this
movie I thought it was great yeah mm-hmm
uh Daniel Craig runs funny yeah he runs
up like a machine like like he has stiff
like c-3po arms yeah yeah yeah
I don't maybe it's running in a suit
maybe I don't know he wears very very
tight-fitting suits to show off that
that Daniel Craig physique the rest
Javier Bardem like so much right um but
no I liked the movie a lot good it
should be noted I guess up front that
this is actually the first James Bond
movie that I've ever seen ever which is
strange for Jay it is it's weird
especially you know James Bond is is
such a big part of pop culture it's not
even accidentally see one is odd you'd
have to go out of your way to not see
one but I haven't done that I just
haven't seen one I don't know how to
explain it you were too busy watching
classic Sean Connery films like Zardoz
oh man instead of the old James Bond
films right the funny thing is for a
number of years after scenes are das I
thought that was a James Bond movie so
going into this we'll see that it was
horribly disorienting to not see Daniel
Craig in a diaper and where's the giant
floating stone head vomiting up guns I
thought that was Q I have seen other
James Bond movies more of the recent
ones I haven't watched a lot of the
older ones I've seen lots and lots of
scenes from older ones
I've seen the pierce brosnan ones I've
seen all the Daniel Craig ones I
actually kind of liked Quantum of Solace
there's some neat scenes in it and I
really like that one yeah not as good as
Casino Royale and this one is better
than both of them anyways I think after
the negative kind of response to Quantum
of Solace and then what happened with
MGM not making a Bond film and going
bankrupt don't let that happen and then
they come back I think there was a
concerted effort to make this one a
little more back to the basics and I
think we were all getting sick of the
you know rich European euro villain well
that's one of the things when you think
of James Bond movies you think of sort
of over-the-top filling memorable
memorable villain yeah what I really
liked about this one was as someone who
hasn't seen James Bond movies but I'm
very aware of all the staples of James
Bond movies because it's such a part of
our our pop culture that it starts off
very much like a James Bond movie it's
very James Bond II you have the opening
action scene the opening credits
sequence and and then at a certain point
I guess sort of in the second act it
kind of shifts gears a bit and it
becomes more of a sort of modern kind of
thriller like a Gorn type movie yeah and
then towards the end it kind of shifts
gears again and gets really stripped
down where it is literally just a couple
people in a house in the countryside
like fending for themselves like
fighting off bad guys and I liked the
way it sort of kept stir of shifting
gears like that way where it still James
Bond but it feels sort of fresh there's
no shame in saying you've lost a step
well the problem is with these new James
Bond movies and it's not really a
problem I guess it's just something to
note is that you can't really have a
villain that's like the old-style
villains a comical villain the guy with
the metal teeth or the old man with the
cat and not least comical super villains
that James Bond is known for because
it's been parodied so much you know
Austin Powers and all those types of
things and your villain in modern times
has to almost always be a super genius
who knows about computers and hacking
and all that stuff because spy work
today is all computers and Technology
and all that so if your villain is not a
super genius who has a supercomputer and
is a super hacker he's kind of he'll get
caught really quick
yes um so I would be nice to see them
write a clever villain that does not use
computers but the last three James Bond
villains have been euro villain
supercomputer guy yeah who wants to
manipulate the world's stock market and
change this I think the last plot for
Quantum of Solace was the villain wanted
to steal water he I was something like
that I can barely remember I remember
the action scenes in quantum solace were
pretty good and I liked that but the
plot was kind of like what yeah and and
this one incorporates that idea of
technology well within this own isolated
plot yeah
and that's that's why I work for me
because this is just I was just watching
it not a James Bond fan just as an
isolated movie yes like okay I get what
they're going for here without the Judi
Dench
character and James Bond himself getting
sort of older and and not quite used to
this type of world that we are in now
it's very it's very Star Trek to a very
revenge oriented lead character is aging
and realizes it and you know kind of has
a rejuvenation at the end
they weren't targeting her they wanted
her to see it
welcome to the new mi6 I'm your
quartermaster you must be joking
walther ppk/s magnet a meter short it's
been coded to your palm prints only you
can fire it
I said a random killing machine more of
a personal statement q 707 I have to say
though um if I were to suggest a
negative it kind of felt like okay now
it ends okay now it ends okay we get
that vibe from it know when they had a
spoilers skip ahead to this year time
code but when they went to the farmhouse
you know like and they have the
confrontation it's sort of like the
confrontation is bond em and Javier
Bardem yeah this will be solved you know
but then he the bad guys show up first
they fight the bad guys then he shows up
in the helicopter yeah and I thought
they're gonna have the confrontation in
the house as the house was burning then
they go to the lake okay then he sinks
in the lake and then they go to the
church and it was just like I'm just
like concluded I don't know that all
flowed well I guess cuz I like I like
the action
I like the actors I like the action I
like the scenario I like everything and
I wasn't bored I was just like you could
really end this movie at any of these
particular locations and still have it
have the same conclusion you have it to
have the same story arc you know they
could have gone from the church to
somewhere else after that you know it's
just like okay we can end it now yeah
yeah but like I said back to basics with
this one there were a lot of which is
good and bad in a certain way because I
like the the previous to Daniel Craig
movies because they kind of took James
Bond in this you know new direction but
in this one it was um it was more like
all the winks and nods and stuff like
the shaken not stirred martini yeah the
the tuxedo and the casino bomb James
Bond yeah he brings out the the original
Aston Martin car which I think that's
what it was
well that's the other one icing simple
yeah and the movie felt like sort of and
it makes sense too because when you get
to the end credits it's uh
you know 50 years a mod yes so movie
just feels like sort of a a celebration
of James Bond as the character and as a
franchise and really sort of a something
like an institution at this point yeah I
mean it's been around the bomb movies
have been around for half the amount of
time that cinema has been around like
that's crazy yeah so a long time yeah
keeping it fresh which this movie seems
to do as someone who isn't familiar with
James Bond movies being able to enjoy
and appreciate it yeah mommy was very
bad I guess we should discuss this is
the first gay James Bond villain very
very tastefully done and subtle yeah
that was great it without making it
funny yeah they didn't need to do that
or without making it a big deal
making it a big deal or making fun of it
yeah you know I they didn't need to do
that was perfectly done ya know is a
good stuff yeah yeah whole pharmacy I'd
like to fill some prescriptions he
thinks were a pharmacy this time play
along again mmm hi sir how can we help
you here at the pharmacy okay I'll see
today I got some vicodin oh I've got
some rhythm all that's my heart medicine
uh yeah and I've got some oxycontin oh I
will get these filled for you right away
sir just have a seat in our waiting room
that's right okay um
ah
it's exhausting
ah mr. plinkus your prescriptions are
ready
all right score again yeah senility is
right
how much do you know about fear or not
that this it is the first movie I've
ever seen with a sensual face shaving
sequence
oh yeah that's been in lots of movies
Jane oh was it in like Mike starring
Jonathan Lipnicki yes I think I like two
different flavors of James Bond movies
there there's part of me that likes lock
chair and there's a James Bond movie
with Pierce Brosnan called Die Another
Day which is kind of considered a flop
but James Bond is in it and there's a
really great sword fight scene in it and
then in the end it takes place in a Ice
Hotel in the middle of Iceland okay and
James Bond drives a car around that
turns invisible oh let's don't know the
invisible car yes yes he drives it
around the ice castle and then the
villains plot is a giant space laser and
he's gonna shoot a space laser down on
earth and and I haven't seen moon rancor
I might like Moonraker that's James Bond
on the moon no yes so there's certain
part of me that likes the schlocky stuff
and on the other half the other half of
my brain really likes the realistic
Daniel Craig kind of gritty grittier
Bourne Identity type James Bond yeah um
I both work to me the two survivors this
is what she made us
everybody needs to all be so what's
yours resurrection yeah I don't know
where they're gonna go next and I'm
excited to see but I you know I whenever
I think of James Bond I was really happy
to see James Bond running around London
running through the tube and trying to
save London from some sort of disaster
well that was neat to see yeah like this
this elongated foot chase in a subway
car because you think a James Bond you
think of big exotic location yes and
sexy ladies and he's just like in this
cramped subway oh yeah that was a nice
nice change of pace yeah because there's
lots of different action set pieces and
types of ideas that you can apply to the
Daniel Craig Bond movies and still have
them work the Pierce Brosnan one's got a
little silly and yeah some of the Daniel
Craig stuff is a little more
smaller-scale yeah dirtier like him run
through a subway well it starts pretty
over-the-top with that whole yeah train
chase sequence and then it's sort of as
the movie goes on it progressively gets
more and more yes subdued well the one
thing that this one started off with
that Quantum of Solace fucked up Quantum
of Solace also as a car chase opening I
think everyone does but um Quantum of
Solace is cars chasing each other James
Bond chasing other cars and you have no
idea what's going on
you have no idea who's chasing who or
why ok and this one is just like their
radioing back to headquarters and I'm
like we've got to get that hard drive
he's got the hard drive you have to get
it back it's important it's very
important that we don't lose that got it
got it mum and then these drive in and
you're like okay understood
and in the other movie it was just like
what's happening and it was to like
everything was this dissection and I
hate that and um yeah this is a little
more classic yeah that very very well
directed characters well directed actors
and really kind of tight
mature action scenes yeah less some
Michael Bay shaky-cam craziness well
yeah I remember seeing I don't know
where it fits in the second in Quantum
of Solace but I remember the trailer and
there was an action scene where
everything was clearly green-screen
and this one was I mean there's a couple
bits like during the opening where
they're on motorcycles and it's clear
they're green screened into the
background but for the most part you
know this parts were like oh look real
stunts yeah looks real people punching
each other real people driving cars most
of it felt real yeah and um yeah and you
can't this this is one of those movies
that gets a pass as far as like really
over analyzing the plot well yes it's
just a it's a James Bond movie and um
there-there are certain things you look
for in a James Bond movie and I think a
really tight story is not one of them
yeah there is a story and and the action
scenes service the story quite well yeah
well then they actually bothered to
showcase James Bond as a character a
little more on this one it has it had a
mother-son relationship a parental theme
going on em and and his James Bond's
parents and there's the old man there
and they're sort of like um moving on
growing up eternal maternal kind of
themes going on which you don't usually
get in a James Bond movie so Jay would
you recommend Skyy fail absolutely as
someone that's not familiar with the
James Bond series and honestly never had
much interest in the James Bond series
just as its own action movie I was
thoroughly entertained yeah and someone
with a slightly more than passing a
familiarity with the James Bond movies I
also enjoyed it I to give it a critique
I would say it ran a little long uh the
ending kind of was a bit redundant with
with finding the conclusion but good
characters good Direction good acting
good scripts it may not be the most
believable series of events in reality
but again as we said it gets a pass
because it's a movie about a fictional
super spy I just wish the Daniel Craig
didn't run so funny
prescription drugs and beer alright you
lousy gas station attendants this is a
stick-up
the bank can't find any of my money and
all of my heart medicine turned into
candy mr. blinky you don't think that
we're gonna shut up Hajim I mean
business now give me all your money
whoa just give him money okay okay okay
I need it I need it I need an idea oh
yeah once you never saw me
J did we just get robbed by mr. blanket
here I'll hi Nancy I'd like to make a
deposit
