Jul 22, 2012
The Dark Knight Rises (2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3awmpoB6sP4
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/227116498496405504
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/361726943900703
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-dark-knight-rises-2-of-2

Part two.
So anyway, Mike, what are your thoughts on Christopher Nolan?
well the
first movie I saw by Christopher Nolan
was memento and ironically I can't
remember it
I've seen his inception of course and
then the Batman movies and I may have
seen another Christopher Nolan movie I
don't know all I know about Christopher
Nolan is how do you do that but
progressively his movies seem to be
louder and bigger faster louder more
intense louder faster more intense and
they're like a herd of elephants coming
at your face
I liked Inception a lot yeah there's
lots of things I didn't like about it
but he he it's very polarizing because
there's two different it's like politics
you know right and left where it's like
you get pulled in one direction the
people that are more open to like these
like wow the spectacle I love the
spectacle and I it's very emotional you
have a lot of emotional emotions during
his movies the other side is the
technical kind of minded people where
they're like that doesn't make sense
this doesn't make sense like and then
who might not get the emotional impact
you and I I think can balance both of
those out in our brains yeah but but
general movie-going audiences might be
like well that was great so deep and
thing and what that was a bunch of
fucking crap and I think that's why he's
polarizing because he does have both of
those elements in his movies
yeah his movies can be kind of clunky
and and like what laughs that's stupid
and and at the same time you could be
like like mesmerized I think while
you're watching his movies you're just
yeah transfixed and you're really
engaged in what's happening because of
the the the visuals and the pacing of it
and especially the scores that he uses
or just this constantly driving music
that gets you pumped and gets you
excited I I was I was noticing that when
we were watching it and that's that's a
big point to bring up is the music
because these movies probably would not
work as well without that score
some guys sent me a video they made once
where he removed all the music from the
ending of ET and replaced all the sound
and it's it's like wow it's just so dry
yeah he's walking up the little ramp
it's like all right and there's just
wind blowing everyone just area and it's
so awkward and emotionless and dead
or they say sound is 60% of the movie if
there's expression like that it's not
50/50 it's it's more than the image yeah
so it's super important in the
Christopher Nolan movies and there's
well there's the editing and the
shooting which is a whole other topic
yeah yeah well I this movie each movie
sort of gets more competent as far as
the action shooting and editing goes
like you look at Batman Begins and it's
it's the shaky-cam close-up lots of
shaking ham quick cutting so you're not
really sure what you're looking at but I
guess something is happening that's
exciting
a little more streamlined in in the dark
night and and much much better executed
in this one yeah yeah and I always get
that in these Batman movies the
Christopher Nolan ones where you're
watching it you're like where is this
person at is this person facing this way
where is this which direction is this
car going in and it's different from
like a Michael Bay kind of movie where
it's just like craziness action going on
all the cameras like one yeah because
it's their shot more traditionally but
but at the same time it feels like and I
don't know if this is true or not it
feels like Christopher Nolan's sort of a
sloppy shooter
he's more of a big picture guy like it's
a big movie everybody like Ed Wood it's
not about the details it's about the big
picture well speaking of Ed Wood there's
a moment in this movie where it goes
from day to night in the matter of like
a minute all right in the middle of when
they're right after the the stockmarket
scene oh yeah when they're they have
that you know eight minutes to download
the program or whatever and they're
driving it's like eight minutes seven
minutes and it's daylight out and then
it's down to like five minutes and all
of a sudden it's night I was like that's
a really bizarre mistake to make in such
a big movie I always I always visualized
the editor in the editing room like
pulling their hair out but try to pieces
I'm trying to muscle together a shot of
this yeah because some of the someone
that comes across that way I'm sure
that's not the case I'm sure but it
comes across that way yeah he turns this
big action movies
to something very intimate and emotional
so Jay why do you think everyone on the
internet hates Christopher Nolan hey you
know I don't know I don't pay a lot of
attention to it I try to avoid the
extreme negativity because I just don't
care but I've heard I've heard the
elderly hate him the most why would the
elderly hate him I don't know they just
they just fucking hate him the elderly
all get on their message boards and they
go to the bingo hall and it's the Tal
the talk of the town in the bingo hall
really they say Christopher Nolan his
movies have so many plot holes just
everything so overrated heck huh be 23
bingo it's not a retarded 13-year olds
but that read things on websites and
just copy and paste it as their own
opinion they're not the ones that are
saying horrible things about him no it's
the elderly okay that's good to know I
don't think my frame of reference up
ssin Wow no I don't know I to me I don't
see him as a brilliant filmmaker I don't
see him as a genius I would put him more
in the category of a vajayjay Abraham's
than I would you know some like Paul
Thomas Anderson or David Fincher he
makes very effective movies as far as
I'm concerned a visceral emotionally
effective movies but they're big and
sloppy but there they are big and sloppy
and that's where the plot holes come in
I guess that's why I don't have a issue
with him because I don't see his movies
as yeah trying to be intelligent like
when I saw inception as I saw it and I
was like you know that's a clever twist
on the typical sort of heist movie yeah
or thriller movie and I was actually
surprised by how simple it was yeah I
mean I mean I guess if you can't keep
track of the the dream and a dream and a
dream maybe seems intellectual or
confusing or too heavy but I didn't I
didn't have any issues with it but it's
like well same here lever action movie
same here I end I got a lot of emails
about inception people send me emails I
think they're accidentally sent to me I
don't some I must have the email address
of somebody else but I get a lot of
emails about inception I you know this
doesn't make sense this character
shouldn't be there this this technically
evolve while there's so many mistakes
and bottles and in subchannel
and at the at the end to me it's like
when I watched the same reaction as you
I watched it I understood what was
happening but I could see how this
didn't make sense here or there then but
at the end of the movie I was like oh
okay this is a story about a guy dealing
with the death of his wife and how he
caused that death and that's all it was
a little emotional core of the movie and
when a movie has an emotional core the
framework around it isn't as important
as a movie that's about the framework of
a movie about a linear narrative story
and every movie should have an emotional
core of some kind but with the
Christopher Nolan movies and the Batman
movies they're very um they're
artistically done they're emotional
their poetic kind of the logic doesn't
always make sense but it's more about
feelings yeah let's talk about our
feeling is more about that yeah and and
I'm sure when people watch The Dark
Knight Rises like you'll have somebody
out there that that will complain about
the ending with
where Alfred says earlier in the film I
want to someday be on vacation worryfree
and just to run across you with the nice
lady enjoying your life does Alfred's
MMO and the movie is I want to see Bruce
Wayne lead a normal life
he's his caretaker so at the end of the
movie Alfred does indeed run into Bruce
Wayne and so someone will go well how
did Alfred know where he was going to be
that's an amazing coincidence it just
happens to be sitting in a seat that's
facing Batman when he's facing that way
and they happen to see each other like
what kind of coincidence is that that's
a boy and you're like no it was the the
point of the scene was that
Alfred got what he wanted in the end
yeah and and that was concluded to a
satisfactory level to an emotional level
it wasn't about the logic of it
yeah and and i may sound hypocritical
saying stuff like that because i've
often complained about the Star Trek
movies and the Star Wars movies you have
I have but uh when you watch uh let's
just say for example a Star Trek The
Next Generation feature film where it's
about the plot it's very narrative it's
very linear very basic very
straightforward very straightforward
that's like this happens this happens
that's a type of movie where you can
just go what that doesn't make sense
yeah but with with something like this
it's done it's about the presentation
and it's done in this artistic kind of
freestyle way where there's music and
and it's almost like you can say plot
holes are forgivable in certain types of
movies like Inception that's a good
example because you're never going to
get that movie right yeah but once once
you realize what the movies about at its
core then you can go okay that's fine
well plot holes and and nitpicking that
stuff is fun when you're watching a
movie that is just rotten to the core
yeah if it doesn't have that that core
elements of either yeah as you said an
emotional core or just a
a really interesting story I mean you
know Terminator 2 has plot holes right
and that's a great movie lots of movies
have plot holes it doesn't make them bad
move it doesn't make movies like Batman
there's another plot hole that someone
will point out our sure someone has a
Batman goes away gets trapped in a
prison
Gotham gets locked down by terrorists or
Bane as the terrorist leader they blow
up all the bridges you can't get in or
out they've police everywhere and that's
the whole point of the ending is no one
can get in or out and then Batman just
shows up or Bruce Wayne just shows up
yeah without any of his gear or gadgets
or planes somehow he just walks into the
scene and he just appears from the mist
and he's like I'm here now that was the
only moment in the movie where the that
element kind of took me out of the movie
for a moment that was the Lex I thought
was that biggest plot yeah
but but the point was and how he got
back the point was that he's back yeah
and that's the thrust of it he has
returned and he's come back to this city
it's almost like a fairy tale yeah
he's like how do Hansel and Gretel
really follow all those breadcrumbs
technically a bird or would have picked
it up or so the wind would have blown
those bread crumbs but that's it's the
fact that they follow them is the
important part yeah and and it's it's
all about the presentation and that will
anchor lots of people that were saying
this but it's kind of the truth certain
movies you can you can recognize plot
holes because of the logical way they're
presented but if they're presented in a
kind of a artistic way more artistic
more poetic way than it's it's more
forgivable because this movie is not
about the plot it's not about how Bane
wants to blow up the thing it's it's
about the Dark Knight rising it's about
a character like moving on with his life
and and kind of overcoming that that was
a really great way to tie everything in
a nice bow at the end was the
similarities between him falling in the
cave oh yeah down the well that's
looking up and the bats
everywhere and and now Bruce Wayne has
to kind of overcome that again and get
out once again a very very nice way to
um to tie everything together but I was
able to climb the rocks was for
Christopher Nolan is an overrated heck
yeah
another warned me about getting into
cars with strange man this isn't a car
well now that we're done talking about
the Dark Knight Rises you know where we
gotta go hmm Taco Bell
no well we made it yeah maybe now we can
finally get some answers
