Dec 31, 2012
Django Unchained and 2012 Re-cap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBe9z7XbyAY
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/285758171451105280
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151210040252634
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/311245468975748
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-django-unchained-and-2012-re-cap

Half in the bag.
Who do these guys think they are, Rick Berman?
alright Mac and me
on VHS I can't wait to not watch this
yeah
oh hi mr. plinkett what are you doing
well I'm getting ready for my New Year's
Eve party of course I'm inviting 50 of
my bestest friends ever over oh well we
were gonna work on the VCR if it's not
gonna get in the way the party that's
fine I guess just make sure you're out
of here by 8:00 we're gonna have a gay
old time watching Dick Clark's rockin
New Year Eve mr. plinkett Dick Clark is
dead oh my watch Bob Hope then whatever
hurry up and get to work
all right oh wow he's crazy oh Jesus
would you sit on something the hell is
this I don't know
I
oh that's one of my party favors you
ought to make a lot of noise at midnight
when the balls drop
speaking of big balls have you seen
Django Unchained I know I haven't what
what you know what a bounty hunter is
you kill people they give you data they
are bigger the reward I'm looking for
the parental promise however I don't
know what they look like but you do I
called my wife miss Alden but I'll know
too Calvin Candie
that's the repellant gentlemen well sir
Django Unchained is the latest movie
from auteur filmmaker and foot fetishist
Quentin Tarantino the film takes place
two years before the start of the Civil
War and stars Jamie Foxx as a slave that
teams up with Christoph Waltz to rescue
Fox's wife from an evil plantation owner
played by critters three star Leonardo
DiCaprio the film is most notable for
it's incredibly historically accurate
depiction of slave era life in the south
Mike what did you think of Django
Unchained I really liked it
I was based on a true story right it was
yeah it was based on a book about a true
story actually I think the original
title was roots no but in all
seriousness and Tina does everyone hate
Quentin Tarantino - I think they did for
a while after Pulp Fiction and he kind
of had that rock star attitude I don't
like him as a person I fight him
incredibly obnoxious but he makes really
good movies and he makes them in a way
that it almost feels effortless you
could say what you want about Quentin
Tarantino he's he's he loves himself
he's an asshole he's crazy all that
stuff but he makes really compelling
movies they're not there they're really
really well-made regardless of the
subject matter yeah it's the way that he
writes the dialogue it's the way that he
directs the scenes there's a lot of
inventive
camera work that that you just kind of
it's not just like shots typical yeah
you know they're just the camera just
will go fuck and do this thing that
you're not expecting and then the next
thing it'll be doing this this kind of
dolly shot and then the next thing it's
shot completely differently there's
almost like there's this whole feeling
of not knowing what to expect like you
know django unchained is gonna be a
spaghetti western throwback a grindhouse
kind of pulpy movie all this stuff is
like that
yeah but story wise I had no idea where
it was going yeah I had no idea what to
expect next especially the opening scene
of inglorious basterds the scene where
the girls hiding under the floor oh yeah
I mean it's just thick the air is thick
with tension he knows that the proper
length of time is seen should be to
really ratchet up the tension yeah and
and all of his movies are sort of chunks
of little stories with in it little
vignettes there yeah it's almost like a
series of short films that are maybe
sometimes connected but yeah in this
movie especially is really episodic yeah
but but you feel you get that feeling in
the theatre too it's not just people
just munching popcorn like talking to
each other and waiting for the movie to
be over people actually engage their
people are just it's like silent and
everyone's just watching this scene they
don't know what the heck is gonna happen
next
yeah and it's that mixed with just
really really clever dialogue really
good performances lots of tension and
effective direction all everything in it
is just great it's the whole package
what you dig him up for twitches turn of
events from Django and myself together
move it
womper tell about you you got me curious
I'm curious what makes you so curious
well what's interesting is is that he
makes these movies with a lot of sort of
typical kind of grindhouse elements or
genre movie elements but he does it in
such a clever way that even mainstream
critics just praised his movies Oh like
the fact that you could have a movie
where Jamie Foxx is hiding behind a
corpse is continually getting shot and
just exploding with blood in the most
comical way the fact that a movie like
that is so well received not just
critically but even like his movies are
always big hits like with mainstream
audiences which is sort of crazy when
you think of some of the movies that are
mainstream hit films you know
yeah but then everyone everyone
typically runs to all the cliched
responses to his movies and glorifies
violence why the need for so much
gruesome graphic violence why not let us
it happens it's so much fun
chan get it there misogynistic there
racist yeah I never uncover and tries to
make heads or tails of them incredibly
violent and soulless there's no soul in
it and I wonder how he sees women being
empowered when there's no soul all right
thanks Jen okay well he's got a pretty
impressive career as far as it just
seems to do whatever he wants
mm-hmm it's never like you know he
doesn't cast someone because they're big
at the moment or or he tells a story
because it'll reach a wider audience he
just makes whatever he feels like and
that's that seems to be getting more and
more rare
honey black grapes or something up deist
be here for that girl we gonna have us a
Candyland talkin feathering in this
house another thing we should probably
mention is Tarantino's use of music oh
yeah yeah that's another real strong
indicator that these are his movies and
not movies made by studios because he
has his own original songs like 70s
themed theme songs and then at one point
he plays at Jim Croce song and then um
then there's some rap music like it's
very eclectic all these different
musical like Pulp Fiction was famous for
its soundtrack yeah like it had a really
popular soundtrack I was just all sorts
of weird stuff and I thought it worked
better in this movie than it did in
Inglourious Basterds - there was a
couple parts in that where I was kind of
taken out of the movie by some of the
musical choices this one at all I
thought blended together well and fit
more appropriately then yeah some of the
music and inglourious basterds mosu
candy whenever you ready
Oh
Oh black
do you what would you say Jay if the
movie had were to have some problems
what would you say cuz we shouldn't
because everyone will say that we're
sucking Tarantino's dick yeah and there
we praise a guy that makes really great
movies he makes really great movies yeah
no I would say if I had any complaints
one would be the jegos wife the
broom-hilda character is pretty under
written she really doesn't do much of
anything yeah um which is surprising cuz
Tarantino usually has really sort of
interesting female characters in his
movies that's one of his strengths and
yeah she's just sort of there she
doesn't really have any sort of
character to her in those this should
not be any kind of complaint because
it's a Quentin Tarantino movie and you
have to have the caveat that yeah but um
for me there was a point I wouldn't
complain that the movie was too long
just because it looked great everything
about it was great I just wanted to keep
watching yeah but you can't you can't
complain about I mean too much of a
really great movie right yeah there was
a point though when it felt like the
natural ending of the movie and then it
kept going yeah it did it did eventually
ultimately pay off in the end
yeah it would have been I know that the
moment you're talking about there's a
scene where it feels like the movies
wrapping up and then it goes on for
another I don't know half an hour maybe
more and there'd be a bigger complaint
if what happened after that wasn't great
as well yeah but it it seals the deal at
the end yeah and it's a really good
performance movie yes especially oleate
Leonardo DiCaprio um get them a little
real not here I know you're not a fan of
li√©narde he's good at shouting and he
does a really good job playing like an
idiot asshole this movie is used
appropriately in this movie I don't
think I dislike him as much as you do in
general um I think he's very limited as
far as what he can do he's always fine
in a movie he's always used the way he
should be used i I don't think he has a
lot of range and in this movie it felt
like Leonardo DiCaprio playing a
character in a Quentin Tarantino movie
as opposed to sort of embodying that
character right
I don't supervision is required
I think I think the reason why I liked
Leo in this movie was because of the
fact that it's a Quentin Tarantino
moving the dialogue and it's fun and
he's playing this kind of comical
villain who shouts a lot he's stupid but
leo like he's like a Tom Cruise or you
never forget that he's Tom Cruise yeah
but Tom Cruise tends to stick to roles
where he's Jack Reacher a Mission
Impossible guy Leah leo takes on a lot
of roles where he's j edgar Hoover
Howard Hughes or now he's this southern
plantation owned owner so it he's like
it to me it always comes off comical
like he's doing this little accent it's
got this little face mask on he's like
my mom I'm like it like a high school or
in a play what it's late never again
it's you never forget it he doesn't
become that part in our DiCaprio doing a
wacky voice that's it and in this it's
you never forget it's leo
yeah he's leo doing the southern accent
yeah he does the material justice but he
doesn't elevates the material into
something sort of more interesting the
way some of the other actors do like
Christoph Waltz who's like the perfect
actor for a Tarantino movie that guy's
great and Jamie Foxx - he's sort of very
understated in this it's a lot of
non-vocal acting but if facial reactions
a lot of subtle work and he does that
really well and I've never really felt
one way or the other about Jamie Foxx
like what did I think I saw ray I don't
even remember who knows we're gonna
happen
y'all ain't gonna make it daddy laughing
I thought it was interesting that the
violence was used in a wave where when
it was a good character or a slave
character when violence was being
inflicted on them it was done in a very
sort of tasteful manner it was it was
brutal as it would be in real life but
it wasn't excessive uh-huh but the
violence towards the the bad characters
was completely over the top and
ridiculous in the best possible way
where it's sort of almost cathartic and
it's sort of a celebration of movie
violence which is not the same as a
celebration of violence or yeah yeah and
I I think that's I mean you're always
gonna have those people that don't
understand the difference oh really okay
I'd like to see you walk down the street
and get attacked by some kids who's just
seen oh but you saw BC Jan you're all
messed up because you're talking about
real life oh I'm talking about the movie
you gotta get right but I appreciate
that Tarantino was just making what he
wants and isn't going to water that down
for fear that some people won't
understand it if that makes sense
what are you doing hey don't do that
don't do that again well Jay let's talk
about the humor in this film and whether
or not you think it was appropriate
given the very sensitive subject matter
uh well I will say that this is the
second funniest movie about slavery that
I've ever seen
the first being the Patriot oh right no
this is a genuinely funny movie probably
is funniest movie there's a lot of humor
in this a lot more than in his other
films and I would say the humor is used
appropriately it's not like a haha
slavery was funny know that subject
matters treated as brutal and disgusting
and horrible which it was um but I think
it's impressive that he can make a movie
that is also very funny in that world in
that context yeah III don't think
anything was in bad
tastes as far as its portrayal of
slavery or there's no humor in those
segments you know if you want to take
someone's power away you ridicule them
uh-huh and and I think this movie does a
good job of that
as far as pointing out how ridiculous
and ignorant these people are yeah
anyone bring any extra bags no nobody
brought an extra bag
I'm just asking uh there was one
sequence in the movie it's probably one
of the most sort of emotional scenes in
the film where Django is reunited with
his wife finally and I was completely
taken out of it for reasons that most
people won't but Django opens the door
and she sees him for the first time and
however long they've been apart and the
sound effect on the door was a sound
that mr. plinkus door makes every time
we walk into it and I completely ruin
the emotional impact of the scene for me
at least they didn't have this sound in
the movie
well by the way Jay I just wanted to say
I'm I'm I don't know if I ever was
against digital projections I think
earlier on I was because they are seem
dimmer and less interesting but but
compared to our viewing experience of
The Hobbit in 3d in 48 frames and an
ultra screen looking at it for the
fishbowl perspective we saw Django
Unchained in a very big theater not not
a ultra screen theater very big theater
on the bottom level about 20 rows up on
centered perfectly centered beautiful
projection digital projection but still
very bright and an Tarantino still
insists on shooting on film
hmm it does nothing from me I mean I
actually think I'm getting gypped when I
go to a movie and I realize it's either
been shot on digital or being projected
in digital because everyone thinks you
can't help but think that when you're
filming something on film that you're
recording movement you're not recording
movement you are just taking a series of
still pictures there's no movement in
movies at all they are still pictures
but when shown at 24 frames a second
through a light bulb it creates the
illusion of movement so thus as opposed
to a recording device when you're
watching a movie a film print you are
watching an illusion and to me that
illusion is connected to the magic of
movies but it was just a great cinematic
experience I didn't have to wear the dim
3d glasses there's no ho Curie Pokkiri
no doodling skedaddling no Shaz Meraz
metas are there any other words you
would like to use grandpa picker II dues
Hickory dachshund dues what you're
saying is the movie is more of an
immersive experience than the fucking
Hobbit yes I was immersed in in the
story and and being drawn in by the way
the movie was made by the dialogue by
the way it was shots by everything that
the filmmaker intended other than
cartoon blue elves running around and
look at how
many trees are flying past you in
Pandora it's like yep
fuck you couldn't turn Tino's Django
Unchained immersed me more than your
hackery
Zachary do 3d Deedle dum Sukkot Peter
Jackson Peter haxon James Cameroon you
you you frauds can eat a dick this movie
was great he also did all the the
assuming most of the blood effects were
all real I'm going to assume all of them
yeah there might have been a couple
little ones here and there that might
not have been but there were real
explosions of blood it was it was pretty
impressive it was Paul Verhoeven
turned up to 11 yeah really really
impressive practical effects and I love
that a movie came out this year that is
doing very well critically and box
office wise that features a man getting
shot in the dick at point-blank range
and you know I think I think he was
going for historical accuracy mmm cuz
cuz weapons back then were more brutal
like weapons in the Civil War like like
fuckin musket balls were just like this
you know they were just musket balls and
when they hit you it just blew you to
pieces
seriously and I can spot a digital blood
splatter from a mile away and I just
hate it I hate him too they always look
bad so kudos to Quentin Tarantino yeah
yeah he has a set of balls on him and
and we appreciate that so does Jamie
Foxx yes if you want to see Jamie Foxx
is nuts
go see Django Unchained
look at me bullseye
you
so Jay what did you think of 2012 oh I
hated that movie with John Cusack oh
fucking stupid you know I saw that whole
movie and I thought that was Joan Cusack
no I'm not talking about 2012 the movie
I'm talking about the year in film so
what you're saying is we're gonna do a
recap now yes we're gonna do a recap so
what's what's the film that you saw this
year that we didn't discuss on half on
the bag well on the the subject of
comical films about slavery I saw
Lincoln oh the the new Steven Spielberg
comedy incorrectly titled film it should
be called the Thirteenth Amendment hmm
passing of the 13th amendment
Spielberg's Lincoln was a good film
based on some book with a really long
title so it's not it's not a biopic
movie about Lincoln's whole I know it's
it's Lincoln's in it of course and and
there are a lot of dramatic elements
with Lincoln and Mary Todd Lincoln and
his son and things of that nature but
the movie really revolves around the
process of passing the Thirteenth
Amendment it's not like Lincoln doing
the Log Cabin Lincoln he chopped down
the cherry tree and he said he wouldn't
lie about it that was George Washington
a scene if you knew that um Lincoln he
was a railroad guy he hit the railroad
ties and then he became a lawyer in
Illinois and then then he did some other
things and you know Lincoln's life was
not that it's just a very short period
of time when he was trying to get the
13th amendment passed and and the the
kind of moral moral quandary he was in
with he had an opportunity to end the
civil war earlier and because the south
is kind of a verge of surrendering and
if they surrendered they wouldn't get
the 13th amendment passed they wouldn't
end slavery the South they just
surrendered Lincoln won it also in
slavery so there's a political debate
and is a very
kind of dry movie if you like history
you would enjoy it I kept my interest
most of the time probably because you
know Spielberg did it he's adept he
knows how to shoot Dino's how to make
movies and keep them keep them
interesting but yeah there are no action
scenes there are no great Civil War
battles and all that stuff it's really
all the things that happen behind the
scenes in the White House and it's very
interesting in that regard to see not
really kind of glorified Hollywood silly
the historical version but it's very
detailed and we have to get these
congressmen just to vote on the bill you
have to try and get this to go through
in other sense that's interesting is
when I hear Lincoln directed by Steven
Spielberg I already have the whole movie
in my brain so it's nice to know but
it's not that yeah then there's some
cornball stuff there's some Spielberg II
and saccharine ending but overall it's a
good movie it's not for everyone there's
like a get shot in the fucking head in
the movie there's no - it's just that
brief period they show any no they they
have the ending well they do that they
do what they do up they do a little old
bait-and-switch type stupid thing like
they show um it's really dumb there's a
scene there's a scene earlier on when
they Lincoln and his wife are in the the
box seats you know the the balcony seats
where you get shot from and they show
them they're talking and they're talking
and the cameras going like this and
Michael is just is he gonna get shot now
Lincoln's in the theater and then and
then it ends and then it's in those oh
that was a different time they went to
the theater and at the end they're like
it's time to go to theater and then they
go to the theater and you see a stage
performance and Lola and then some guy
runs out on stage and he goes the
president's been shot at a different
theater oh I see and then they cut to
him on the deathbed and the doctors it
sounds really lame it was it was it was
a dumb uh switcheroo a dramatic
switcheroo as it's called in the
industry
I see Spielberg yeah like oh you did
that you're just should've just cut to
him in the bed and of course I can't
talk about Lincoln without not talking
about Daniel day-lewis oh god yeah who
who is just tremendous he's really good
I mean not just a look but the
performance yeah you know but Tommy Lee
Jones his face is also in the movie and
you know if if I wanted to look at
wrinkled stone I would visit Mount
Rushmore hmm shall we stop this bleeding
you
well speaking of Tommy Lee Jones I saw
just recently I didn't see it was in the
theater men in black 3 mmm that's that's
a movie you want to bring up sure why
not
it's a movie that came out in 2012 in
2012 ok well let's talk about men in
black um I actually was surprised by how
much I enjoyed men in black 3 it was
very entertaining it's not a deep movie
obviously it's it's a dumb summer
blockbuster movie but it was very
because that second movie was terrible
the second men in black movie was just
sort of like a just a bunch of shit
shoved into him except the one where
johnny Knoxville as a cartoon hub yes
the second that's the second one and
yeah that second movie is pretty awful
but this one the it was very focused the
storyline was very focused the narrative
was very straightforward it wasn't just
a bunch of crap shoved into a movie to
make a sequel which second one felt like
and Josh Brolin plays young Tommy Lee
Jones in that movie and it's the the
highlight of the film he's really great
and doing his impression of Tommy Lee
Jones that's more than just an
impression it actually does feel like a
character okay how do you know my name
did do they still have Rip Taylor as the
head of the the man black organization
no no they they wrote out Rip Torn he's
actually dead in this one and I I think
they wanted to avoid working with Rip
Torn because he likes to drink and gets
confused and thinks that banks are his
house right you know I've I've been
there I I once thought a person was a
parking space
so J what else did you see this year I
also saw the Paul Thomas Anderson film
the master Oh
why do you say that I don't know
everyone says it sucked no it doesn't
suck it's it's I want to watch it again
because it was sort of a frustrating
movie because it's a really great movie
like it looks great it's well shot that
Paul Thomas Anderson knows how to put
together a movie really great
performances and it's more of a
character driven story than it is a
narrative driven story and the
relationship between Philip Seymour
Hoffman and Joaquin Phoenix is really
interesting and strong their
performances are amazing but at a
certain point in the movie it felt like
I don't know I would say it felt almost
like a shallow movie like you get their
relationship like like show hell what do
you mean by a shallow movie well I once
you get once you understand their
relationship it kind of feels like the
movie doesn't do anything for a long
period of time when we kind of flounders
around a bit and I don't know I sort of
it's a really obtuse movie but really
great performances and amy adams is sort
of the linchpin of the whole movie i
think and that's sort of subtle the way
that's handled as far as her character
and her characters motivations so good
movie just it felt really bloated
well I of course cannot comment because
I have not seen the master yeah I will
say though that it's great to see a
movie that is this well made and this
smarts but also features a scene where
walking Phoenix jerks off into the ocean
and also tells people that he wants to
fart in their face it's funny cuz the
same thing happened in Lincoln oh really
yes
but speaking of films with good
performances I very very recently saw
this is 40 year old virgin oh yes yes
so it's called then this is it's the
movies called this is 40 hours long this
is 40 first dates yeah this is 40 it's
the new film from Wahb well what's the
same Judge Reinhold
Judge Reinhold no it's it's from Jerry
Maguire no who's the guy that makes the
comedies Adam Sandler no I'm Santa
doesn't make comedy films that's true uh
Judd Apatow that's his name yes junkets
it's the Judd Apatow film I'm gonna go
with an on recommendation on it stay far
away from it but I enjoyed it a lot and
I laughed a lot then why would you not
recommend uh it's like it was like
visiting it was ironic because I watch
it on Christmas night it's like visiting
your family you go you have some good
times but most of the time you feel like
you're being punched in the face over
and over and over again and that's kind
of what this movie was it was just a
roller coaster ride of ups and downs of
people yelling and screaming and then
funny parts and then people fighting
again and yelling and screaming and then
some funny parts and some some
interesting characters and the really
good performance is all around everyone
in the movies good totally some of the
comedy stuff like goes from unrealistic
stuff it's a very realistic to silly
back to horribly unrealistic back to
realistic fighting it's just like oh
trying to get a headache oh so what
you're saying is they probably shot a
ton of footage a ton of improv and then
tried to smolt something out of it let's
jot a pizza
I use my sir fish where's my sir sir
so J I understand that you've seen a
handful of smaller films that were not
released the theatrically in theaters
what are those films please share them
with us look - J that piece of papers
blank I also saw the comedy starring Tim
Heidecker and was it funny no that's the
irony of the whole movie Oh
the title is well what an ironic what's
it about uh it's it's a difficult movie
it's definitely difficult movie to
recommend because it's aimless it's a
very aimless movie but it's aimless by
design because it's about a character
and his friends that are also aimless
and they're all horrible people
so it's it's a directionless movie about
awful people it's it's what they call a
feel bad movie and I like a good feel
bad movie it's it's sort of just an
examination of these people these
characters is specifically Tim Heidegger
and what you would call aging hipsters
the people that are sort of detached
from everything and everything's a joke
they don't take anything seriously and
how sort of pathetic that is when you're
in your mid to late 30s and you never
sort of learn to grow up and it was
interesting because you don't I've never
seen a movie that deals with those type
of people this accurately I know people
like this um was in our movie with
something something with green and the
title Greenberg
yeah Greenberg Greenberg yeah there's
there's Greenbury with Ben Stiller and
that's comparable but it's not exactly
the same this is a movie that it felt
more realistic yeah this movie felt very
real in a way that makes you
uncomfortable while watching it so it's
it's a movie that kind of makes you
squirm but if you're you're into
something like that it's worth checking
out
and lastly I saw a film just recently
called excision mmm which I enjoyed so
much it was almost depressing because
it's the type of movie that I would like
to make or the kind of movie I should
probably focus more and try to get made
it's it's one of those movies and I
think we all have those that sort of
almost feels like it's tailor-made
specifically for you have you ever seen
any movies like that and yeah showgirls
okay that makes sense yeah and it's
about a because I have a horrible fear
and disgust of the human body I think
we've mentioned that before and of
disease and hospitals and the movies
about an awkward high school girl that
is fascinated by an obsessed with
medical procedures and she has these
fantasy sequences about surgery or she
sort of fetishizes or sexualizes
surgeries dry-humping corpses and the
like and but it's not a horror film I I
thought I was gonna watch a horror film
and it turned out to be more of sort of
a satirical kind of family drama
black comedy yeah yeah a sort of dark
John Waters has a cameo as a priest so I
should tell you something right there
Traci Lords placed the mom she's very
sort of over the top she's a little
hammy compared to the tone of the rest
of the movie but the main actress in
hood was completely unfamiliar with but
she's genuinely unattractive in the
movie greasy hair the way she sort of
carries herself for posture and I looked
her up afterwards because I had no idea
who she was and she's apparently on the
90210 reboots she's a good-looking girl
a very attractive girl but she's
genuinely unattractive in the movie will
you have a shout out what's her name
yeah Anna something oh it's not a
perfect movie it's a little unfocused
but her performance that lead actresses
performance really sort of drives the
whole the whole movie so it's another
one that I would call a feel bad movie
if you like movies that make you feel
like shit and you just want to take a
shower afterwards the comedy and
excision are both excellent examples of
that
I realize it's not all about me anymore
well J let's look forward to 2013 them I
do understand that there's a lot of
movies to look forward to in 2013 yeah
and and those movies are
oh there's Texas Chainsaw Massacre 3d a
good day to die hard the Carrie remake
another one yep the Croods computer
animated movie about cavemen GI Joe
retaliation pain and gain after earth
directed by M night Shyamalan uh The
Fast and the Furious 6 Hangover Part 3
grownups - Paranormal Activity 5 Thor 2
The Smurfs - Star Trek 2 scary movie 5
holy cow we were talking about movies
for so long I lost track of time
yeah it's like 11 o'clock my god 11 yeah
it's almost midnight mr. Plunkett where
all of your guests I don't know nobody's
shown up to my party yet who'd you
invite let's see
I got Jack Palance Charles Durning
Ricardo Montalban richard dawson Jack
Klugman glorious Stewart Larry Hagman
mr. Plunkett all those people are dead
you mean all of my friends are dead well
no wonder nobody's coming to my party
I guess I'm spending New Year's alone
this is kind of sad yeah we should uh we
should get out of here
well I'll see you later mr. blinken yep
happy new year
this isn't right J no you can't let mr.
plinkus spend New Year's all by himself
no no he can't we have to stay it's the
Christian thing to do mr. plank yep half
a million
