Sep 21, 2012
Resident Evil Series Part I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caKcJ9Jllfc
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/249174660451803136
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151072540872634
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/407083089345883
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-resident-evil-series-part-1

Half in the bag.
Jay and Mike are frauds.
customer hmm lightning-fast VCR repair
this is Mike no it's not
can you fix it please don't go hello
hello
so were there any customers while I was
gone no but a homeless man did come in
and asked to use the floor as a bathroom
no when you just let him I've been doing
that since we opened oh I've been using
the bathroom there's one in the back no
you saw it before you know we have to do
something that isn't a horrible waste of
time yeah I've got it let's go watch the
new Resident Evil movie J that's a
terrible idea let's go watch all the
Resident Evil movies President Obama
were on the case hello and welcome to
half in the bag I'm J and I'm Mike and
in preparation for seeing the latest
Resident Evil movie we recently locked
ourselves in a tiny room and did a
marathon straight through all four of
the original movies that's right and we
invited our friend rich Evans to join us
at the beginning of the 21st century the
umbrella corporation had become the
largest commercial entity in the United
States doesn't at Walmart and this is
true this isn't bullshit we actually did
watch the movie straight through we
started what like six seven ish and went
to one or two in the morning yeah one
after the other one after the other and
it should be noted that neither of us
have seen any of the Resident Evil films
I saw the first one Oh a long time ago
way to make a liar out of me I'd seen
that one but that was it and I didn't
remember anything about it
and INRI watching it it reminded me why
I had forgotten everything about it
what the fuck
alright the droplet
somehow sam raimi movie well going into
our marathon what was your your first
thoughts when the first movie started
and we were little ways along and you
realized you had another 25 hours to go
of Resident Evil movies
um sure terror um I I've always heard
that the Resident Evil movies were bad
yeah um and I always thought well I
understand what the movies are what you
get out of it is action and violence and
blood and zombies and sexy ladies
kicking zombies and zombie dogs and all
that stuff and the plot isn't that
important they're they're hard movies to
really get upset about like they're kind
of lame but I wasn't angry while
watching them I wasn't irritated and so
we get to baby the fourth one which
we'll talk about that was the first one
but the rest of them are just I was
actually surprised at how tame they were
like the first and second one
specifically it felt like it should have
been a pg-13 movie
but there was a little couple little
bits of nudity but there's next to no
gore when people got shot there was no
blood bursts or anything they're
incredibly lame
is there anything less cool than score
that's supposed to sound like rock music
it always sounds lame yeah but it's very
cheap today I guess target audience for
this should be you know
thirteen-year-old kids or something but
it's r-rated so they can't get in so
it's amazing that the series has lasted
as long as it has yeah yeah well the
first one was rated R but it didn't seem
like an R movie no no and and the movies
are they are what they are but they're
also kind of frustrating because with
just a little bit more effort you know
you could write a better story there are
so many creative elements to deal with
like zombie apocalypse the world ending
all these laboratories and all these
different things but each movie is
always Alice teams up with a handful of
mercenary soldier types and they have to
get from point A to point B and then it
even sets it up like a video game and
the first one there's literally maps
showing here's where you are here is
where you need to get to and it's sure
the series is based on video games but
it doesn't have to be that methodical
and that at least I didn't go to the
extremes that movables House of the Dead
did where they literally inter splice
footage of the video game into the movie
oh it's amazing that sounds horrible
even though I had this this vast
creative environment to work with it
always managed to pull everything back
into the constraints of the premise of
the first movie yeah well and the fourth
one yeah we'll get to the fourth one but
the frustrating part is that they're all
focused on the Alice character which
isn't really a character yeah there's
absolutely nothing tourgee does not grow
you don't learn anything about her
throughout the entire series of movies
right and it doesn't help that it's
played by milla jovovich
you can't tell anything from her facial
expression I like her as an actress
generally but I'm getting nothing here
just looking around yeah she doesn't
look confused she's not concerned yes
scared or anything it's just blank
stares yeah we were watching the first
movie and we were talking about the fact
that you could cut to any random
close-up of her in that movie and you
would absolutely have no idea what
emotion she was supposed to be conveying
do you think there was a moment when
Paul WS Anderson was looking at the
monitor while they're shooting the first
movie and you can see these close-ups of
Milla Jovovich with absolutely no
emotion whatsoever and he said that's
the moment I fell in love with him
that's when I knew
Oh Milla Mike what are her strengths
what are her weaknesses what are her
faults what is she vulnerable to oh she
just kicks in slow motion yeah well they
made her have amnesia in the first one
so they didn't have to do that so they
don't have to bother wasting time with
characterization well you learn a little
bit throughout the series of movies
about her sort of backstory with the
Umbrella Corporation but that still
doesn't tell you about her as a person
right yeah yeah you know she worked
previously worked for the Umbrella
Corporation and then now she doesn't
know
yeah
once there goes
they're riding the motorcycle in the
motorcycle both Widow speaking of the
umbrella corporation yes
going into the second movie what what
more do we learn about the umbrella
corporation man film that they're evil
yes yes this is the most single-minded
conglomerates
in movie history the umbrella
corporation where you're constantly
wandering throughout the series of
movies what is their goal what do they
actually try to accomplish and it
basically is just to be evil yeah
apparently they have unlimited resources
even after the economies of the world of
collapse yeah even after there there's
no life left on the planet even after
they destroy the world because of their
bio weapons research that accidentally
destroys the world they they're still
like we must stop the world and we must
kill more people they're still doing
like comical bad guys yeah but I guess
if there was an applicable movie to
insert comical villains it would be the
Resident Evil series what
rather than evil in space are watching
oh why is the umbilical doing here the
world is gone I still doing even
research she'll have the power to
maintain all these elaborate facilities
yeah so the throughout the first at
least three movies we discovered that
they kind of up the ante with each one
as far as the location of it like the
first one underground facility you're
all going to die down here we started
the second one walled off city what is
the bigger picture here like raccoon
cities in the United States place yes
scimitar shows oh there's no like once
it's they shut off a city and declare
martial law by a corporation it's just
not a problem apparently and then your
third one you get to the whole planet
has been destroyed and turned into a
desert so it's like what do you what do
you do after that movies great so far
this is so far this is the most
entertaining one
that's cuz I even introduced some dumb
plot yet yeah well well they say that
the whole planet is a desert that
somehow the t-virus somehow people
turning into zombies caused all the
oceans to dry out well the t-virus did
something to the environment but even
though the whole planets a desert they
still happen to be riding around in the
desert of the US yeah for some reason
there's driving around like California
areas that were conveniently deserts
already yeah yeah when the third ones
start cuz the first movie was pretty
lame kind of boring it's just like okay
I was it wasn't painful to sit through
you're just like all right I get it
whatever second one kind of more the
same and then the third one actually was
a little more visually interesting yeah
I notice that right off the bat
yeah it looks better it looks like a
higher production quality yeah and the
zombie makeup look and the zombie makeup
was great it was like classic Tom Savini
Day of the Dead era zombie makeup yeah
oddly enough the movie itself rips off
quite a bit from Day of the Dead to not
just the look at the zombies but there's
the the fenced off entrance to the
underground facility and there's even a
helicopter there mmm-hmm there's a scene
that is exactly like the seed with bulb
from day the dead where I have the phone
say hello to your aunt Alicia right
that's right Bob say hello come on Kathy
can you break will you
say hello to your aunt Alicia
this is amazing he knows what it is are
you saying that Paul WS Anderson is the
Carlos Mencia of the filmmaking
community oh ah leash this becomes
something that we noticed throughout the
course of the next few movies - it
starts to become more and more
appearance the ripping off of other
movies yeah it's almost like they
started with a blank slate yeah the
video game and you know - zombies never
really seem that important in the movies
and that's it but like in Romero zombie
movies obviously it's the focal point
like their underground lab and Day of
the Dead it's like okay they're trying
to figure out a way to domesticate the
zombies um well it's all three those
original Romero movies are about how
does the world deal with yeah this this
thing and and these movies the the
Resident Evil movies they have zombies
in them but at the same time it's it's
movies about trying to defeat or fight
this umbrella corporation evil
corporation yeah and at the same time
the evil corporations goals are sort of
bland and vague and nonsensical yeah so
there is no specific focus of what each
movie is about it's not a survivor movie
you know because the characters are
disposable Alice's character is boring
and flat yeah so it's not really like
okay well the bad guys motivations are
vague there's zombies everywhere but we
really like all these characters because
we don't we don't know anything about
any of them yeah
oh my favorite characters back he had so
many great moments in the last movie
it's that guy it's that guy I recognize
him
so yeah the third movie a little bit
better than the first two a little more
interesting visually mMmmm everyone's
saw the desert one that one got boring
the point of these movies everyone just
dies yeah maybe you care about them in
the first place but well I think they're
just supposed to be action movies but
the action in all of them is so boring
the opening of the third one to me was
more exciting than anything that
happened in the first two movies as a
whole and it looked neat I liked the
idea of the the post-apocalypse desert
landscape Mad Max with zombies sure and
then at the end of the movie we discover
that there is a clone army of Alice's be
bringing a few of my friends oh my god
if there's like 10 Milla Jovovich is in
the next movie that would be amazing
can't wait that idea sounded fun the
idea of this this army of Milla's so
what so what happened when we watch the
fourth one there there was a couple
meals yeah here we go they delivered
with what they promised yeah
it looks horrible but the delivery the
helicopter down this is slot this is
schlock yeah yeah the opening of that
forth movies is actually a lot of fun
like I was entertained while watching
that yeah it was using the creative
elements of the series to its advantage
yeah and and in silliness it went right
over that line where it was good
yeah and you're like okay this is fun um
but then then they had to rush it rush
through it yeah yeah it's the opening
scene and then the the the sequence ends
with all the clones being killed oh no
they're all gonna get blowed up
they're ghosts all that's all that's
gonna be it for the clones isn't yeah
yeah and Milla Jovovich getting injected
with something that takes away her
superpowers so the first part of the
movie was just to tie up all the loose
ends just so third yeah it's quite would
have everything last handful of
survivors didn't come to safety about
the water sparingly yeah it was to tie
up the lesson it was you it's just to
get rid of everything that they
introduced even the superpowers yeah Wow
these movies are really great examples
of writing yourself out of a hole yeah
with just logic that makes no sense
well it's like I was saying after the v
movie um it's like a like when little
kids would make up a game and they would
play it on the playground but then the
one kid would keep changing the rules
yeah make sure that he won
it's like wait no what that you can do
this no it's the lowest common
denominator of storytelling yeah
well by the time we got to the fourth
one that's that was the one that killed
us that that ruined our spirits rich
this is bullsh yes it is yes it is this
is like a bad Flash Gordon TV series
you're making plans
is this a green screen
do they have the green screen a shower
scene like like I don't think it's I
think it just looks that way because of
whatever the type of 3d cameras they
really start hiring wait wait where's
the water what happened the water shut
off no no don't but it didn't shut off
in the shot it shut off on the edit no
swag what that's just a continuity error
blatant no no there's no way that was
done intentionally but it doesn't make
any sense on what you still hear it
where is it coming from you can still
hear it is it why don't what dude what
Dad so the fourth movie by the time we
got to that one we'd set the three
movies was a couple fun moments but
mostly sorted boring
get to the fourth one and this story is
completely nonsensical and and does then
you can't follow anyone as far as what
their motivation is for where they're
trying to get to so we were really
really wore down by this point yeah in
the series we just fresh human DNA
I could redress the balance but when do
your crew end in June and then Alice
gets on the boat and she confronts the
evil matrix looking villain and then
that's when the movie broke us yeah it
literally snapped our brains in half
this is borderline experimental
I don't think I don't think you
understand that the whole movie was
leading up to the
going back
zoo continued in part 2
