Jan 26, 2012
Red Tails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VVMVtuN9FY
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/162749568310710273
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/162669567176198
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-red-tails

Half in the bag.
Movies can eat my cock.
well we've been doing quality work what
is that what what is that you're holding
it's a VCR we've been repairing oh I
forgot all about that yeah me too
huh just until a little while ago I've
been looking at it yeah it looks like
we've done more damage it's possible
yeah but that just means we have more
progress to make right yeah the more
damage we do the more we'll have to
repair and we will be here see the thing
is though I've been wanting to watch
reckless so I've been like more
interested in actually fixing movies
that's a that's a book though what this
is this predates VHS tapes watch this
watch this
whoa how'd you do that what's inside it
words and all these words they run
together to form sentences like what I
text to people yeah but longer and
probably less erotic oh so what you're
saying is I can't watch that on the VCR
no oh you have to read it so why am i
bothering to fix this seen any good
movies lately No
they got us out here using planes to mop
floors fellas get your hair up son
your fighter pilots okay 11 o'clock
there's military let's give those
newspapers something to write about
hey guys welcome to half in the bag i'm
jay and i might and we just saw red
tails
that's right jay red tails is the new
film from world-renowned entrepreneur
and billionaire filmmaker anthony
Hemingway red tails tells the story of
Native American fighter pilots in World
War one and has been praised by critics
for its historical accuracy memorable
characters and moving dramatic realism
so far red tails has smashed worldwide
box-office records even sailing past
James Cameron's Avatar and generally
loved by moviegoers and critics alike
how's that for an intro well just like
the movie itself everything was wrong so
I guess reviewing Red Tails was
obligatory it's to be expected yes yes
because as we all know our fans are big
world war ii buffs that's why they would
want us to talk about
they're also fans of the show The Wire
and want to see Anthony Hemingway's
first directorial features true that's
why everyone's talking about this film
of course so what did you mean by
everything and it is wrong I within the
first 30 seconds of the movie I was
laughing at it and saying oh no to
myself it's it that everything there's
flat Direction flat characters flat
editing bad score and and an
inappropriate use of CGI yeah everything
was wrong but the CGI in it was
acceptable like it's acceptable on its
own terms but in the context of this
movie and the style of movie I were
going for it was inappropriate right
like that this movie is is I think it'll
go down in history as like this this
fascinating anomaly just because it's
it's this a hundred million dollar movie
and it looks like a b-movie yeah if it
wasn't such a high budget and it didn't
have George Lucas attached to it in any
way I I think it would just be
completely forgotten movie in a couple
years it's it's really like it's not a
catastrophe it's not a train wreck it's
just a completely forgettable bad movie
it's the worst kind of bad movie where
it's just like everything's kind of
boring and flat
well yeah it's I think it's just like it
comes off like a made-for-tv movie like
worse than that which is ironic because
there was a made-for-tv movie that's I
have not seen but from what I understand
it's more dynamic and and interesting
than this one I don't know I would
describe it as a train wreck
really yeah and ironically there's a
train wreck in the opening scene that's
true even the dog fights weren't very
exciting no they weren't that's cuz they
all feels too too sterile it had it had
all these pieces of everything
overcoming adversity thing with the
racial plot the whole like World War two
dog fights a love story a friendship
story like everything that had all the
pieces but each piece was like wrong
like each piece didn't work yeah I liked
when I saw the trailer I thought the CGI
of the planes flying around looked like
a video game and when I watch the actual
movie it didn't bother me as much it was
like it was too clean and it didn't feel
like you were in World War 2 right era
and it was like the cinematography
everything looked like flat or compare
it to something like Saving Private Ryan
where it has that like that really
gritty like D saturated time-life photo
like gritty Wharf footage yeah this just
looked like like a commercial for
Blockbuster Video something it just
looked horrible well the problem is that
that was what they were going for the
the goal with the movie was to make a
movie that felt like it was made in the
40s the problem with that being that
this
is 2012 and there's a reason they don't
make movies like that any other like
that was a more innocent time it was
more naive time that's just the way
movies were made
we've film as an art form has evolved
since yeah so one to make a movie that's
a throwback to that is misguided in
itself but to to make one that's
intentions are to honor you know these
people and this real events in history
it almost trivializes the real yes yeah
they're great guys you know and the more
you read about them the more astonished
you earn how really great heroes great
people and then that that is George
Lucas's goal like I think his entire
career now has been based on throwbacks
to all serials and stuff from the 1940s
which is which is what Raiders of the
Lost Ark was and Star Wars but they took
those old serials and they sort of like
use them as inspiration to create
something new modernized it yeah he
didn't try to make like Raiders of the
Lost Ark like an old cereal because
those things were shot quick and dirty
and cheap yeah but this like to
intentionally have bad acting and bad
storylines yeah that that almost seems
like a like an excuse or like some sort
of crutch like that he made that after
the movie's finished he's watched a
screening of it's like oh I did that on
purpose right it's like the kind of
feels like yeah yeah almost like the
whole um and it's weird to talk about
the movie as if George Lucas directed it
because technically he did not but right
his shadow looms large over the final
product oh sure I'm sure he had his
fingers in all the pots right well the
word on the street is that he did direct
some but they did reshoots and he
directed some of that and those were the
worst parts well there are parts that
feel like they were definitely directed
by George Lucas I can't confirm that
they were I don't know but the a lot of
the parts in the during the aerial
scenes in the cockpits like the acting
of the the white pilots and like the
German characters is mind-bogglingly Ben
yeah yeah there goes those red tails I
sure would like to fly with them again
yeah that was like the literal delivery
it sounded just like
yeah that's not even an exaggeration no
and so you're kind of like scratching
your head going is that intentional or
not yeah or was it just like how could
you get someone to act that poorly in a
major motion picture and it's like it
does it's like Tommy Wiseau saying he
made a dark comedy right they're trying
to do something dramatic with it you
could tell um but it's like it fell flat
on its face and kind of making an excuse
that it's like supposed to be in that
style yeah the expectations placed upon
you men are hot Heavenly Father we ask
that you send your angels down to
surround us as we fly through the sky
it was it was a predominantly
african-american audience in the theater
and I felt so bad for them because
because there's there's a contradiction
here where it's it's this is a film
about the Tuskegee Airmen and and at the
same time it's also like a some sort of
bizarro
throwback patriotic thing that's
intentionally cheesy yeah so it almost
seems like a contradiction like these
these poor men that had to endure racism
and fight in a war and stuff and then
this is like something that's made and
it's like paraded around as some sort of
honor film for them and it's cheesy and
embarrassing yeah and and and then you
see you know black people are watching
this movie and everyone's laughing at it
in the theater there was a lot of
laughter at the movie at the screening
we went to yeah I overheard some some
guys talking like and they're like yeah
it was a good movie they seem to sort of
make excuses for it like it was a little
corny but I liked the message that it
had I guess and I'm like so sorry
yeah well the message being what racism
is bad oh yeah I don't know I said it
feels outdated in that regard like that
this this topic especially with a movie
like the Tuskegee Airmen that's been
made already yeah and then we're a
decade ago and then you have like one of
my favorite movies of all time glory I
have not seen glory glory is is is the
counter balance to this like if you want
to point on a good example about African
Americans fighting in a war yeah that's
the movie that movies beautiful it's so
well done and it's so emotional and it's
so well made why do this like we got it
yeah well the characters are all
portrayed solely each one just sort of
has one specific trait about them
they're all like really really cardboard
characters and when it comes to them in
their planes and wanting to participate
they just come across like they have a
blood lust yeah and it makes them almost
like creepy yeah that's not the goal but
that's how
and the fact that they're cartoon
characters is yeah like everyone has
given one trait they so so they're one
dimensional cartoon characters and
you're supposed to relate to them as
real people who actually fought in the
war and somehow pull out of that that
there that the real Tuskegee Airmen were
inspiring war heroes like if you look at
glory all those characters are really
really depth full they feel like real
people and you become really close to
them and and these characters because
it's played up to be a cornball
patriotic World War two movie they come
off as one-dimensional characters yeah
and so the the style defeats the purpose
if the purpose is to inspire young black
kids to to have role models you're not
doing that give them real characters
they need real characters and I can go
or or a 100% realistic factual-based
Tuskegee Airmen what up though is she
boy big snoop d-o-double-g and I'm here
supporting the motion picture red tail
be sure to go out and see it and spread
the word tell all your friends about it
Facebook Twitter just spread the word
let it be known surreal actual motion
picture based on facts dig that
so as I said within the first 30 seconds
I was saying oh no because the dialogue
was horribly flat and on the nose as far
as what was happening and the editing
especially was driving me nuts in the
movie where it's like character in
cockpit says line right at the end of
his line cut
see something it's a train I love it
o'clock let's go get it to other
character and other cockpits saying
their whole line cut its like synthetic
it's like if you programs into a
computer how to make a movie this is
would be the results like just this
really phony like processed thing with
no sort of heart or feeling behind it
well even in the director of this movie
- or you look at and it looks like a
George Lucas directed movie right it's
like right how much input did the the
credited director really have or was it
like just show up and do what George
says yeah dude do the heavy lifting
yeah well George kind of tells you what
to do Anthony he's gonna do it all and I
just have to sit back and watch now what
he said the first day we met that's when
I felt the weight of the world I mean
same goes with the script I guess - yeah
because the script is got all eight
German fighters or a team still doesn't
change what I think of you and your boys
we don't care it's not just the corny
lines it's it's how everything's played
out it starts out with a sequence where
there's white fighter pilots yes and
they're flying a mission and German
planes come and fly around and then they
go they fly after them and then the guy
goes the guy flying the bomber goes
there goes those pilots chasing after
the Germans and leaving us undefended
again literally that's the line and then
you're like okay so now we need to get
black pilots in who won't do that yeah I
can't afford kind of losses my
bombers men suffering can you help save
lives there fighter pilots they're
supposed to protect the convoy if they
do that more than once how about you
just order them not to do that yeah
don't do that anymore it's like it's
like a like a war that's run by like
children I need pilots who will put the
Bombers ahead of themselves and it's
like there they go I wish this guy I
wish our escorts would protect us like
they're supposed to
we need the Red Tails and and and then
like the next scene it's like five
minutes later it cuts to them watching
the the black pilots watching fighter
footage in like the briefing room the
war room or whatever and then like
stirring music starts swelling and
they're like we're men too
and we can do the job of any man we have
a right to fight for and so on and
you're like where did this come from
like that should be an hour into the
movie yeah what we do how well we do it
doesn't matter and you all thought what
you'd sign up and that'd be the end of a
hundred years of bigotry get your head
up son your fighter pilots
we have a right to fight for our country
the same as every other American we will
not go away this it's like a mess as far
as pacing goes yeah building the
audience up to kind of like they should
have followed those those Airmen through
boot camp through through supposedly
that'll be in the prequel is this movie
successful he says he's gonna make a
prequel and a sequel well also speaking
of the bad bad writing there's a love
story subplot in the film which is
pretty pretty amazing the openings after
the opening sequence the the lightning I
think his name is yeah he's flying over
this Italian city and even though he's
hundreds of feet in the air this woman
that's hanging laundry on the roof of
her building sees him they lock eyes
from that far away even though she'd be
like an ant and they wave and then he
gets back to the base and then he walks
over to her house having no idea who she
is they've never met and just sort of
invites himself in and sits on his cat
sits on her couch and then they're in
love yeah she's beautiful she's the most
beautiful saddest to be a very beautiful
Italian woman who's single yeah I guess
who's into black dudes to know once you
go black you can never go back as they
say in Italy it's same with that plot
there's a plot line in the film about a
character that gets shot down and ends
up in a POWs camp oh yes yes and there's
it's so poorly written he walks into the
the POWs camp the German soldier like
explains who he is to everyone instead
of just pushing him in there and
slamming the door and then and then he
goes come into this other there's a
American guy who goes come into this
room and he walks and he's like I like
you I just you just walked in the room
he just walked I like you I can trust
you since you're a black guy you're
obviously not a German spy so you're
going to be helpful in our operation to
escape from this prison camp that we're
about to spring he's like I just got
here I wish we could say that you're my
bag down it was so terrible I wish we
could say that you were exaggerating as
far as like that's what the dialogue was
but it really was that it was literally
that and then when they escaped the best
part is that they escaped and they
decide to dig the hole out to get to get
out
right before the woods yeah they would
be hidden no they do it's like a like a
Looney Tunes cartoon London lay there
like running away into the woods and
it's ridiculously stupid well and and
the fact that there were two scenes
involving the escape it was the one
scene where he walks into the to the
prisoner camp and he and they
immediately tell him about it
yeah and then like 40 minutes later they
show them caught crawling down into the
hole and then they run away and it's
like this and then this whole
complicated operation it felt like there
was 20 minutes footage cut out of the
movie or maybe there was there needed to
be more no it was it was like this
bizarro pointless subplot now
so I guess we should talk about the
backstory into this movie which
unfortunately means we have to talk
about George Lucas every time I see the
Lucasfilm stamp I break out in hives
yeah yeah it's it feels like talking
about George Lucas at this point is like
beating a dead horse but he's just
endlessly fascinating I'm not a
psychiatrist but when someone does
actions it's it's fairly obvious what
they are like him saying he's not going
to make Star Wars movie ever again yeah
like a child pulling this toys away
going I'm going home right it comes off
as a little bit passive-aggressive like
but to see him on the Daily Show
when he was on The Daily Show and
talking about the film as if it's some
important like socially important thing
and saying like this is the first
all-black action movie it's one of the
first all-black action pictures ever
made is that true yeah he comes across
incredibly out of touch when you're like
there's been fucking decades of black
action movies there is an entire
sub-genre of it in the 70s like just a
man completely out of touch and and
trying to sort of inflate his own sense
of importance with the the movie he's
making well the history of it is I guess
he pitched it around to Studios just to
get them to pay for it and he screened
it around a lot and they all watched it
and nobody wanted the movie we took it
to all the studios every single one of
them and nobody wanted it not one studio
said we'll do this movie they all said
well we don't know how to market this
movie and so he immediately attributed
that to the fact that it was an
all-black cast because it's an all-black
movie there's no major white roles in it
at all everyone in Hollywood is Arisa
that's a racist everyone's a racist
candid comments by entertainment mogul
George Lucas sent shockwaves around the
country he said Hollywood wouldn't touch
his latest movie red tails because of
the all-black cast and to me
that's like maybe the reason is that it
was a bad movie but it looks like a big
movie it's a real professional movies
got movie stars and it's got everything
in it and nobody wanted it it's possible
that an all-black cast movie might not
appeal to the majority of white
audiences I don't know it I wanted to
see it like I did just fine I mean it
had Matthew Broderick as as the lead
technically but it was a movie about
that topic and it was just so well done
that it won Academy Awards and did great
it's so I don't know well well it also
comes down to the is he doing this movie
as a businessman or as an artist it's
just been a project that I really wanted
to do yeah if he was making this movie
because this was a story he wanted to
tell then the business angle shouldn't
have that much of an impact on it like
right you know what I'm saying like and
again they all said there's no foreign
market for this it'll never work outside
the United States so you can't and
that's just what they say about all
films with black people in well yeah
there's um I want to make this movie I
want to tell this story there's plenty
of filmmakers out there that know that
maybe their movie won't have the widest
audience but they want to tell that
story yeah and obviously George Lucas is
a fucking billionaire yeah spending you
know even a hundred million dollars
really it's not that big of a dent if
that's the story you want to tell it was
all paid for and it's not even that
expensive it's like it's two-sided idea
the one side he wants to make this this
film with the specific goal the other
side he wants to make a massive
blockbuster like Star Wars and turn it
into that so rich one is that they both
contradict each other yeah the story of
the Tuskegee Airmen is a big story and
it's an amazing story
just like chores the whole racism angle
is just it's just silly do yeah well and
also the idea of him George Lucas trying
to say that black teenagers today don't
have any heroes to look up to I think
would be a very very exciting story and
a story that young people especially
young black teenagers would really be
attracted to and it would show them a
really good role model and and you don't
know that that black kids out there
aren't into history I mean what does he
know yeah and and why why do you feel it
that it's your job to make this movie
and then when you make the movie make it
into a terribly embarrassing schlock
epic yeah yeah I mean all of this could
have been avoided if he had just said
like I'm interested in the Tuskegee
Airmen and I'm interested in making an
action movie with planes like just end
it there don't even bring the race thing
yeah into it because it's so
inappropriate for when you see the final
movie it's like completely irrelevant to
what the movie is there is a massive
movement on social media to support red
tails at the theaters I've heard that
it's going to be a fabulous movie and my
husband and I actually have some friends
that we have collected a group of us
that we're going together from Twitter
to Facebook people are gathering groups
all over the country to go see the movie
at the end of the month it's their way
of sticking it Hollywood while
supporting George Lucas did it myself
does they don't think audiences are
gonna show up in the United States is
that what they're saying yeah they don't
think anybody's gonna go to it the I in
order there's one more to them wrong yes
we are gonna prove them all wrong yeah
and the movie touches on on the issue of
racism in that era in such a like a
clumsy caveman ish way yeah again like
someone that's completely out of touch
with culture made oh and at the same
time it's being racist towards Germans
and portraying them all is like like
evil like villainous bad guys yeah like
with scars on their faces their offenses
the German pilot with the scar on his
face like Africans kill them all and
show no mercy
yeah they said show no mercy the German
pilots are probably justice
terrified as American pilots flying
planes and shooting at each other yeah
you know like they're not like villains
and that's what I liked about like like
Saving Private Ryan or other more
contemporary war movies
the idea here was to throw it back to
the old Patriot otic John Wayne type
movies but the same time you're saying
you're telling the story about realism
and actual racism it's like those don't
work if you can't make a propaganda type
patriotic film and at the same time have
a message of realism
yeah and racial equality in that yeah
those movies were racist they were
painting the Germans in the Japanese out
is like villain yeah and that was the
point of them you can't do bolt it's
it's a it's amazing that no one realized
that he screened the movie around to
executives and they watched it and they
went you know I don't want to distribute
this I don't want to pay for ads for
this
why are you racist racists and then it's
like and then you have movies out they
put any fucking movie in a theater now
yeah and regardless of his all-black
cast like 1012
modern audiences aren't going to not see
a movie because it has black people in
it the notion is so outdated I've never
met a single person that has said I'm
not gonna go see that movie cuz it's got
black Vulcan and right right right well
do you remember the controversy was
Spike Lee complaining about the Clint
Eastwood movie no he's like there were
black soldiers at that time weren't
there any black soldiers in that movie
he's like because the specific story I'm
telling there weren't black soldiers in
this unit and Clint Eastwood is like
what are you talking about and he called
Spike Lee like an idiot and for the most
part
the store the great stories of people
color have not been told
why do I have to label everyone's race
all the time why what what does it do to
point out that they're the same how are
you supposed to point out that
everybody's the same if you don't label
them as different yeah okay that makes
sense I would be only to bet that there
was tons of different races going to see
underworld because everyone likes action
he brought everybody together they
brought everybody together and all red
tails did was terrible but everybody
apart know it brought everybody together
to through laughter your lecture final
thoughts would you recommend red tails
no no it's horribly boring and and
childish and poorly written and terrible
and I would add to that insulting yeah
and that's all there is to say about it
it's insulting and I'm not even black
well now that we've successfully ended
racism we should probably get back to
work on the VCR oh yeah
that's a wonderful idea you know more
about this model than I do it's a work
on that well the first thing we have to
do is this you racist
