Jan 12, 2012
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and 2011 Re-Cap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87HKe0ggt34
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/156007371703975936
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/226312074114357
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-girl-with-the-dragon-tattoo-and-2011-re-cap

Half in the bag.
Why the fuck are you watching this?
We're back oh um you know
you don't have to say that every time we
walk into plank it's house but I like to
what's going on over here oh gosh iet
looks like he's dead
holy shit there's only one way to know
for sure
do it yeah he's definitely dead shit
this guy was our meal ticket what we're
gonna do there still may be a chance to
save him one of us has to give him
mouth-to-mouth resuscitation
hey did you ever give him mouth-to-mouth
mm-hmm
apparently it didn't work though hmm hey
maybe what we need to do is give him ass
to mouth resuscitation Oh Oh God
don't you dare do that I had to come
back to life just just so you couldn't
violate me you're horrible people well
that worked
hey maybe we should inform the medical
community about this new breakthrough
this is Harriet someone ends a family
murdered Harriet
for the past 40 years has been trying to
drive me insane hi welcome to half in
the bag I'm Mike and I'm Jane and we
just saw the girl with the dragon tattoo
that's right Jay the girl with the
dragon tattoo is the new film from David
Fincher it stars Daniel Craig and Rooney
Mara and it's based on a series of books
by Swedish author Stieg Larsson the
books have already been made into three
films but yeah the The Girl with the
Dragon Tattoo the Swedish film that was
made in 2009 so it's about time for a
remake yeah it's it's bent over it's
overdue actually I would say this is
less of a remake and more of just a a
stealing someone's idea kind of thing to
make a film out of this sound bring it
to a larger audience and make lots of
money
it saves all that time of trying to come
up with a new idea or so is that it but
I guess these books are very popular
they are yeah they're they're
international bestsellers as they say I
have not read them I haven't read a book
in 22 years really yeah the last book I
read was oh the places you'll go by dr.
Seuss dr. Seuss is overrated all's I
know is that the places I'll go don't
include libraries yeah fair enough
you will be investigating thieves misers
bullies at the most
the book collection of people that you
will ever meet my family so J what did
you think of the girl without a Dragon
Tattoo
very good very good movie I think I was
more invested in the technical aspects
of it and the performances than I was
the actual story being told
yeah yeah um like you I am a fan of
David Fincher he's a top-notch director
he's a he's a very smart filmmaker yes
yes and it's it's wonderful to watch his
films because they're very very detailed
very methodical very well-made no it's
not just like crank out this crap and
get it going it seems to actually care
yeah but all of his films I don't think
I've seen one I haven't seen the
Benjamin Button movie that's the only
film of his that I don't care much for
and even that it's a really well-made
movie it's just a really stupid script
okay but this movie kind of falls in
line with some other movies he's done
where he sort of takes kind of middle
the road material and elevates it to
something that is a lot more interesting
it's it's something about the way that
he directs the actors in the way that
the films are constructed and paced out
and everything it's like I really like
that social network movie and the social
networks great I'm assuming that's
overrated too and everyone hates that
because it's about Facebook and and
normies are on Facebook but the movie in
itself very little to do with Facebook
it's more about you know people
backstabbing each other and complicated
relationships and problems that come
with Fame and success and all that and
you know that and same with the Dragon
Tattoo the movies are about less about
the plot per se and more about like how
the characters deal with situations yeah
and that's why I really like that
Facebook movie cuz I'm I watched it and
I'm just like those movies are sort of
hypnotic and it's the way that that the
actors perform in this in the movie and
the way that there's always sort of like
this like tension or this build-up in
all the scenes like you're always just
kind of like waiting to see what happens
next and there's nothing that's ever
predictable or cliched or stupid it's
just sort of like hypnotic almost yeah
yeah well it's yeah it's it this movie
similar in that word
the actual plot is sort of like
standard-issue kind of whodunit story
but but it's more about the characters
and then the movie continues after that
plot is resolved there's another like 20
25 minutes movie
that's just resolution to the characters
and that was far more engaging than the
actual main plot of the movie
I need a research assistant I know an
excellent one she did the background
check on you so what you don't think we
could hire just anyone with something
like this you always hear about the de
Lisboa wander character and she's sort
of this you know goth like bisexual
kick-ass chick so I kind of had this
idea that the movie would be more sort
of like glorifying that or making it
seem like hip and cool and it really
doesn't like her introductory scene she
just comes and sits down in this boring
office yeah all I knew was that it was
called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
and that there was supposed to be some
girl in there that was was awesome so I
expected something like um like salt the
angelina jolie film where she kicks
everyone's ass like and then that to me
is like so played out like it's just
like here's this character you know they
were trained by every agency on the
planet they were ex-kgb CIA hacker
satellite operator so maybe there were
really crazy action sequences in the
book she jumps on the roof of a train
and then flips off the side kicks
through the window and then fights 15
guys and then flies into the control
booth of the Train and derails it and
while it's de railing she jumps out the
window and then the train cars start
flipping and they form like like a loop
and then she slides in between the two
train cars as they crash and makes it
through and then she lands on a bridge
as a tanker truck jackknifed sin front
of her and then she slides under the
tanker truck
as the whole tanker truck back-end comes
up and hits the bridge and explodes and
then while she's flying she puts on her
fire suit hmm
in in midair yeah and then goes through
the fire all in kind of sped up slow
motion that's the strong female
character and this character is like a
complete twist on that it still has
those same elements but she's she's like
she's like like a wounded animal she's
sort of sort of pathetic run down that
she still remains all those or retains
all those traits yeah well and that's a
David Fincher thing is sort of grounding
everything in a in a reality I think it
kind of played with the idea of who was
the main character a little too oh yeah
you you relate to Daniel Craig um a lot
because he's more normal you know the
Lisbeth Salander is they keep showing
her how she's a weirdo I mean she does
horrible things in the first part of
that movie she's kind of pathetic she
sheets junky food she's she's doing
illegal things hacking into people's
computers and so you're like and then
there's they sort of have a once they
meets halfway through the film and start
working together there's sort of like a
like a polar shift and then and that's
what I liked about the characters in
that movie is that they weren't like
clean-cut and you know black and white
yeah
the cinematography to the look of the
movie it's very drab very bleak and then
you have Sweden in the dead of winter
like it looks great and it's yeah
completely sets the mood yeah it almost
feels like the failable light most of
the time but yes I really like as
opposed to like I don't know
Spielberg's DP everything's bright and
glowy everyone glows
yeah there's eight coming look at me I'm
the DP um there's there's look at me I'm
the DP or look at me I'm the director
kind of shots yeah you'd never see those
rarely in the David Fincher movies some
of it's certainly your stuff like a
Fight Club but that's sort of a movie
that's intentionally stylized but this
didn't need anything like no
David Fincher knows what he's doing yeah
they throw all these film directors
together and say who's that who's the
top of their profession
you know you got top doctors you got top
where is it
yeah say top filmmakers he's on the top
you know he knows exactly where he's
putting the camera he knows exactly how
long these scenes need to be transitions
between scenes how to how to build all
the tension up how to keep your interest
yeah all those things that go into
making a movie and the use of sound to
which is very very important there's the
scene that I really liked in the movie
was the the first time that Elizabeth
case worker social worker guy sort of
offers her money for giving him a
blowjob and takes place in his office
the doors closed it's late at night and
the entire time there's a guy just
outside the office it's like waxing the
floor and that entire scene in the
office you can hear the guy just outside
waxing the floor and as the scene
progresses and it gets sort of creepier
and more intense that sound starts to
get worked into the score and I thought
that was really well like the way it
sort of builds um yeah there's all that
there's all that it's like the the most
effective perfect way to make films
so Jay would you recommend this movie I
would absolutely if you're a fan of film
and filmmaking and and can watch a movie
with an attention span and appreciates
all the elements of filmmaking coming
together into a perfect balanced perfect
harmony
cinematography performances music sound
design very well executed well said I
will I will agree with all those
sentiments and also if you like kind of
a well-done like erotic rape scene kind
of like straw dogs you know it has it
has that you know I don't I don't think
that was supposed to be erotic the rape
scene that was supposed to be horrible
and disgusting and violent what so it
was nice that at the end of 2011 there
was actually a really quality movie
being released that being The Girl with
the Dragon Tattoo it makes up for a lot
of the crap we saw in 2011 so a lot of
bad movies but there's a lot of things
we saw that we didn't do on the show
yeah so we're gonna do a little recap of
2011 movies yeah we did not discuss okay
a brief little best and worst of 2011
but uh since we are a simple lowly VCR
repair man we are not film critics we
typically don't see every film that
comes out like a professional film
critic site it's the best of what we've
seen live or let's say it should be more
of eight what we saw list yes not even a
best / worst oh sure okay so a
recommendation series because we can say
we like certain things didn't but we're
going to quickly recap the other things
we saw this year anything to report uh
well I think my favorite movie of the
year what I would consider the best that
I saw would be drive as I mean I was was
excellent drive and super or sort of the
at the top of my list but as far as just
sort of favorite theater-going
experience most fun I had watching a
movie I would have to say the Muppets I
fucking loved the Muppets I thought it
was excellent hmm III am in the same
category with drive and super they were
the most kind of
crushing entertaining films that I saw
this year which I guess says a lot about
the both of us
because they're both films about a
withdrawn deranged psychopath that's
sick violence so it's tend to be the
movies I gravitate towards for whatever
reasons yeah but I did not see the
Muppets I realize I am no longer a child
you don't have to be a child to enjoy
the Muppets you just have to have a soul
what else did you see this year um I
recently saw a film called The
Descendants I have not seen this yet I
want to I like Alexander Payne a lot The
Descendants was what I call a mom movie
hmm because it's a movie that mom likes
or grandma it's from a book you know one
of the books that Oprah will say you
should read and then mom will read it
and mom will tell other moms about it
and they'll go see it Nell said that was
great saying the grandma will go and
grandpa will go and it'll smell like
Church in the theater you know the the
director is fairly straightforward I'll
say in his in his approach yeah well
when I think of Alexander Payne there's
always sort of like a cynical edge to
his movies there's that sort of dark
edge to it so well I wouldn't say dark
um certainly cynical though I mean the
movies about it's about him and his kids
but it's also about their descendants of
like sort of the heirs to property you
know dating all the way back to when we
acquired Hawaii as a state so that's
about them selling off this property and
making a whole bunch of money but his
wife is also in a coma and going to die
oh crap so it's about him dealing with
that and he's a very practical character
um he's not very like you know prone to
like hysterics or anything like that
he's just very like this is how I deal
with this and he kind of reminded me of
me you know okay and that and that's why
I found it interesting but he's dealing
with all these really heavy issue
his wife was cheating on him his
daughters how to raise them and so
there's there's some pointed emotional
moments but then there's some parts
where you think it's supposed to be
really emotional and then it kind of
turns into sarcasm or comedy and you're
like oh yeah that sounds like Alexander
how life kind of really works yeah you
know how some things are just like okay
it was it was very very entertaining you
know so a movie about emotions and
feelings but not schmaltzy yeah it
didn't it didn't get too melodramatic
and and corny sepra don't ever do that
to meet you
well speaking of melodramatic and corny
we both saw super 8 and we did not
discuss that movie on the show oh yeah
polar opposites that's that's that's uh
well what's your stance on JJ Abrams as
far as the way he he manipulates an
audio yeah JJ Abrams is is very it's
very effective at heart string tugging
and motional manipulation and all that
he's the new Steven Spielberg yes yes um
I remember you saying you really liked
it when it was done and I I did to a
certain degree I enjoyed the movie the
the biggest problem with the movie is
that it kind of it for the majority of
the running time it wants to be got like
a Godzilla type movie and then at the
end it decides it wants to be et and
it's like you can't really have it both
ways you know yeah at least not the way
the movie is executed huh well it had
the the front of trying to be a movie
about something smaller sort of like et
you know you're coming of age story with
the boy yet and this was the boy falling
in love you know and then so the monster
isn't super important but uh yeah it's a
movie that's dragging you where it wants
you to go emotionally yes I generally
prefer move dragging you wanna on a on a
slip'n slide filled with schmaltzy gooey
material yeah you know it's not dragging
you through a broken glass like some
movies it's dragging along a slip and
slide and you're just like okay I'll go
down the slip and so I just pull me
along and that's how I felt and and that
the Ender was like oh okay
that was kind of fun it was pleasant
enough all the kids are really good in
it they're really natural yes and of
course it's about little kids making a
movie which you know I think both of us
can relate to so yes it's cute for the
most part but yeah those elements I
liked and I liked the fact that it did
that was a point it did it kind of pull
you back to your childhood you know when
when there's that girl that you like
yeah you know fall in love with her and
and have sexual intercourse with her in
a bathroom stall in your grade school
those those little magical moments that
you fantasize about as a little kid and
so he he was like oh you know and she
was a cute girl whoever that was wasn't
it uh
Dakota Fanning's Alyssa she's actually
really good at faking fanning girl yeah
yeah she's a good actress and the kid
was good and then they have the fat kid
and the other kid and yeah
there was something about it that felt a
little forced
now I'm where certain movies from the
80s kind of come natural this was
obviously a retro homage type thing and
maybe that's what made it felt forced
them yeah um it's it's very hard to
crack the stone-cold heart of Sinica um
especially when it doesn't feel like
when it feels like someone's saying
let's do this plug in these things as
opposed to someone like making the
descendents the descendents you get
choked up in the end it's a little sad
and it feels normal feels natural
natural it feels like someone kind of
wanted to tell the story and it feels
like more honest yeah as far as the film
goes like um it doesn't feel like well
let's do this let's have this and we're
gonna make it like et mixed with Goonies
mixed with this and then we're gonna
have the light glowing and we're going
to all these beautiful close-ups of kids
with eyes of wonderment and then the
music swells by the way can we copyright
wonderment a trademark of it and and
then there's that whole like that
marketing thing with the it's what is
super 8 damn well yeah I was the same
thing with Cloverfield or took what is
the mystery and then you see them the
movies almost like an afterthought
where it's more about the marketing and
the build-up and then you see the movie
you're like oh it was a monster yeah and
then that said no one believes me
what the hell
so speaking of uplifting schmaltzy
movies that tug at your heartstrings we
also both saw melancholia which is the
feel-good movie of the year
yeah lars von trier knows how to make an
audience feel great and battle I was I
was actually mildly disappointed in
melancholia okay
I liked lars von trier I really loved
Antichrist sand I don't know it it's
stuck with me melancholia like I'm still
thinking about it weeks after which is a
good sign it's actually grown on me a
bit but when I first saw it I was a
little disappointed sort of broken up
into two halves and I liked the second
half a lot yeah where where things are
sort of more engaging and something's
happening other than Kirsten Dunst is is
sad I mean I know the movies about
depression and the first half is sort of
building that up but I don't know I
didn't care much about her in the movie
she's your performance is good but well
I was excited to see the film because
I'm a fan of Kirsten Dunst I liked
Kirsten Dunst I'm oddly attracted to her
some people think she's she's
strange-looking or regualr snaggle
tickler snaggletooth um III liked her
she was her favorite film that she was
in is called Dunston checks in it's a
porno oh it takes place in a hotel and
she locks a monkey back to melancholy
melancholia there are certain images in
it and things that happen that really
stick with you so at the end yeah um and
some of the imagery in the opening but
yeah first half felt a little completely
different than the second half but it's
sort of like I don't know there's a lot
going on in that movie too or it's like
first half Kirsten Dunst is getting
married and it doesn't feel like
anything has it that has anything to do
with the second half but the first half
is her story the second half is the
sisters story and so there's sort of
like two different things so then you
have like if that and this this ominous
planet that's always like coming towards
Earth and lots of depression issues the
first half she
sort of like the outcast the black sheep
the crazy person everyone hates her
there's I guess the the wedding sort of
symbolized like normalcy you know what I
mean like that's like a normal event and
everyone has their way of acting
appropriately during that event and
she's just like just sticks out like a
sore thumb even though she's the bride
because she's so weird and fucked up and
then the second half it's very like blue
and sad and she's sort of the normal one
in that situation and everyone else is
like you know trying to deal with this
ominous threat of the destruction of the
earth and she's the one that you
gravitate toward as being like relatable
yes second half so there's all that
stuff going on but weird dialogue weird
the way people act is weird you know I
like I like to talk here in the first
half of the movie where he's so
disgusted by Kirsten Dunst he says I'm
not gonna look at her all night so he's
doing this yeah stuff it works it has
sort of an otherworldly feel to it yeah
the stellan skarsgård 'he's in there
and he fires her she tells him to go
fuck himself throws a plate it doesn't
break the first time so he goes back and
throws it yeah weird things that
happened and and and again we've
discussed this concept before when we
talked about drive but a movie that uhm
where the script and the story were
handled by a different director and
different actors you know where it would
be completely terrible like like this
movie kind of sticks out as one of those
guys there's scenes where you're like
what are they saying like like Kiefer
Sutherland is like looking into a
telescope is like the planet is
approaching will it hit us
father maybe hard to say and I just
picture it like in just like this flat
angle like be actors and you're like wow
that's terrible but because of the way
it's shot and directed before the way
the actors are directed I mean it's most
of its filmed and like
extreme close-ups yeah the whole time
and you're like ah you know like it
takes a while to get adjusted to it in
the movie yes
I now know every square micrometer of
Kirsten Dunst's face oh um it's not for
everyone that's it's barely for anyone
um that's the beauty of lars von trier
yeah yeah that in the fact that he's a
Nazi
and so another surprisingly good film I
saw this year was something called
Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol that
like a little independent movie or there
was a smaller budgeted film it starred
guy named Tom Cruise knows it was a it's
a good film
III was curious to see it because Brad
Bird directed yes
that they believe this is his first
live-action movie uh we we saw it
because we missed the original time we
went to see The Descendants mmm missed
the screening so I said let's go see
Mission Impossible whatever whatever I
wanted to see it because it had the the
world's tallest building in it um which
is that building in Dubai
um I was like that's a neat location I
haven't seen that in a movie before yeah
um and then we ended up seeing on the
ultra screen and I was like okay I'll
watch a big dumb action movie and it
turned out that it wasn't a big dumb
action movie I mean it was what it was
yeah it was exactly what you expect of
an impossible movie um but I read later
that it said there was only 700 visual
effect shots in the movie which I took
as an attribute it's funny that you
think about that now like only 700
effects shots do you think back to the
movies is like the 80s where they're
like we have 32 composite shots in this
film but now it's like yeah the 65,000
effect shots and you know Transformers
movies are what right and and it was
like I thought that was a good thing I
was like wow less special effects but it
wasn't just that it was um sort of that
um didn't have all that crazy
unbelievable
nonsense stuff in it where people can do
anything everybody do anything yeah
and there was a couple of moments but
but there was lots of practical stuff
too I mean there's a kind of a simple
sequence where he's hanging outside that
building he's got to use these suction
things to crawl on it and swing around
and fun stuff like that and there's
there's a particularly good sequence in
a like a car parking garage structure
that's automated where these like lifts
go up and get the cars and bring them
down for the people and sort of a
reminded me of like Indiana Jones a type
situation yeah they're trying to get
this bag and he's fighting the sky and
the bag falls he falls two levels down
but the bags on another car and it's
going up I got to get back up so it was
it was fun and but it was it looked
looked all like realistic you know it
didn't look goofy yeah overly computer
graphics didn't all that stuff so and an
interesting little spy plot yeah fine
Simon Pegg was in it and and he had lots
of laugh-out-loud moments very very
funny he was sort of the comic relief
character um the computer whiz guy yeah
and you know I was surprised by it and
like he said Brad Bird I saw him I was
like oh yeah he directed this I forgot
about that and for those of you who
don't know Brad Bird is he did The
Incredibles
that's our movie yeah he worked on The
Simpsons a lot writer and producer type
thing so mostly known for animation
which is what is almost a reason to be
concerned that it would be over reliant
on sort of CG effects or animated
animated stuff yeah well the The
Incredibles is like one of the best
action movies I think that's entirely
atidim and that's great so um yeah
surprised by that one I enjoyed it
so what would you say is the worst movie
you saw this year
not counting a movie starring Adam
Sandler well not counting Jack and Jill
the friends-with-benefits movie that was
the fucking most offensively stupid
movie I've ever seen I didn't stay to
see the whole thing mmm literally walked
out on it um I just couldn't take it
anymore
it was like nails on a chalkboard like
like a nightmare it's like a living
nightmare it was so so stupid but it
falls in line with a similar review we
did which was uh what's your number
what's your number which I would say is
probably the worst movie I saw this year
not including Jack and Jill yeah
but that's also not a movie I would
ordinarily go and see yeah so I I don't
think I've rarely walked out of movies
yeah um and that was one where I had to
it was just I was done with it well then
on the far other end of the spectrum
from a movie like what's your number or
that is bridesmaids which was a big big
comedy this year probably the most
successful comedy of the year yeah um I
liked bridesmaids I what I said right
after I saw it I said wow there's a
really good 90-minute comedy buried in
there somewhere yeah I thought it was
way too self-indulgence and went on way
too long
bridesmaids yeah okay a lot of the
scenes felt like they were went on twice
as long as they should tell you about
the pacing yes the movies like two hours
bridesmaids was was actually um I didn't
find it like a comedy it was like
depressing yeah it was like a black
comedy almost because I felt so bad for
Kristen Wiig scary her character's
horribly pathetic yeah
and it's so many like they really dumped
on her as the protagonist character like
everything yeah her roommates a creepy
British roommates and just her life is
so miserable yeah and you know but there
was some moments in there that were
funny and and some of the stuff that
dragged on real long I liked but some of
the stuff I didn't yeah um but overall
yeah it was
it was a very different kind of take on
those wedding movies yeah cynical and
darker yeah than normal we should also
mention that it's one of the only films
ever to take place in Milwaukee okay
yeah um and and some of the locations
were filmed very near our studio hmm I
mean this house that were happened to be
in oh it was it was nice to see that
they portrayed the people in Chicago as
being more culturally refined and rich
and that people in Milwaukee are Kristen
Wiig who are retards that little dumpy
apartment oh and get fired from their
job in a jewelry store so here's the
great thing there's these two cities
they're really close one is
sophisticated an upscale and smart and
intelligent and Vance one is filled with
bumpkins and idiots ah that's okay I'll
take that
but whatever she's naked I'm sorry I
want to apologize I'm not even confident
on which in that came out of so yeah
2011 not a great year for movies there's
a couple of movies that sort of stood
out but 2012 is looking up lots of big
geek movies coming out in 2012 there's
Prometheus the Ridley Scott movies
coming out and really looking forward to
that um
The Avengers is finally coming out after
years and years of buildup The Dark
Knight Rises Christopher Nolan that's
going out The Hobbit I'm really looking
forward to I loved the Lord of the Rings
movies so that looks like it'll be great
um so yeah lots of big geek movies
coming out to look forward to that
everyone on the internet will say are
overrated no matter how good film is it
will always be bad yes yes it will
always be hated because it didn't live
up to
incredibly high expectations
expectations that aren't grounded in any
sort of reality it's a shame it's a
shame I feel bad for movies these days
mm-hmm well it's time to start writing
my memoirs you know I've been thinking
I'm good not in yours and this there's
really quite a few things I want to say
you know before oh my god I'm having a
fucking heart attack oh I guess he's
dead again
