Oct 6, 2012
Looper and Dredd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZn8yGoGynY
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/254560707692093440
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/430723806985319
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-looper-and-dredd

Half in the bag.
Jay and Mike are losers.
Hey, Jay.
Did you see who got robbed?
The Packers?
No, actually, it was Mr. Plinkett.
elderly man oh yeah who would rob mr.
Plunkett I don't know wait he had that
new HDTV and blu-ray player oh that's
right yeah boy in a roundabout sorta way
I feel like we're kind of responsible
for this yeah I'd say you're responsible
yeah
so when people talk about having
feelings is this what they mean I think
so
you know I've never actually felt
anything before but if I were feeling
something it would be good guilt Gogoi
old oh I know what you're talking about
yeah I'm goo uilt yeah good ghoul guilt
guilt that doesn't sound right at all
no so how do we get rid of Google well
Jay we do something nice for once for
someone else
oh but other than ourselves okay come on
little boy
let's go hi mr. blanket oh hello hey we
read about what happened you in the
paper and we wanted to help out that's
right Jay
you see we fixed this VCR about ten
years ago now and the owner never picked
it up so we wanted you to have it
oh well that's great I I can finally
watch secrets with Jacqueline Bisset I
can't wait to find out what her secret
is I think it might have something to do
with her pussy we also got you a TV Oh
oh that's that's that's wonderful Wow -
two weird guys giving me an outdated VCR
and an old TV well that's just the
nicest thing that anybody's ever done
for me I guess that seems about right
yeah well I think we've done our good
deed for the day that's right J let's
celebrate by going to see a couple
movies that's a great idea
can I go too it's been a very rough
month for me first I got robbed and then
my my cat died after that my girlfriend
left me for the milkman well here you go
then my other girlfriend well she left
me from my other other girlfriend and
then I got cancer hello and welcome to
half in the bag I'm Jane and I'm Mike
and in a dramatic turn of events we saw
two new movies that were both good do
you know what's gonna happen
he done all this already as me I don't
want to talk about time travel
we both know how this has to go down so
why don't you do their old man too and I
just took your little gun over between
your legs and do it boy looper is a new
film which may or may not be based on
something neither of us have ever seen
or heard of ever like a graphic novel or
a video game or a book or some other
crap the movie stars Bruce Willis and
Joseph gordon-levitt in a mind-bending
time-travel adventure story about people
shooting other people from other times
so Mike what did you think of looper
what's looper I liked the movie at first
I didn't and then I really grew to like
it towards the end
um actually from the trailer I thought
it was a ridiculously stupid premise
yeah it sounds like one of those dumb
high concept studio sci-fi like
disposable things you know it doesn't
even sound like a studio concept it
sounds like a college like a first year
college screenwriting student that's
what in time sounded like to me like
everyone his time coded in their arms
and it's gonna run out like that someone
can trying to come up with a sci-fi
concept and this the premise is I'm
Joseph gordon-levitt and other
characters in the film play it's
something called bloopers where they
send the Mafia
sends people back in time
and then they just shoot them and then
they dispose of the body in the past
because they can't kill people in the
future because it's more difficult to
get away with murder in the future right
I'm one of many specialized assassins
called loopers we eliminate people from
the future
so in criminal organizations in the
future need someone god they zap them
back to me
and I do the necessaries
the Mafia sends people back in time to
whack them just like fuck this they have
this great tool of time travel and and
you know like Biff Tannen they could
have just went and got a sports Almanac
yeah made a whole fuckin bunch of money
but they just use it to assassinate
people and and the logic of the plot is
shattered in one scene which I guess you
could call it a plot hole it's like to
say where Bruce Willis essentially once
you're a looper you have to someday kill
yourself because you have to close the
loop yeah so that you know nothing about
this so at some point in your looper
career your future self appears and you
shoot them and then you're done and you
know in 30 years you're going to also
get shot by yourself
so Bruce well so so this profession
attracts a lot of sort of lowlifes and
people that aren't thinking too far
ahead yeah I just want the money right
live good lifestyles but um in the
future they go for Bruce Willis and the
bad guys and the black hats come for him
to take him back in time but his wife is
there and they just discriminately shoot
her as she's gardening outside and the
first I was like wasn't it hard to kill
people in the future hold the whole
point of study people back is that you
can't kill them in the future yeah
getting lost shoot the wife because
she's there and and I guess you could
say like they she surprised them or
whatever but they were they were so
sophisticated that they were able to
find where Bruce Willis lived in the
future of 30 years exactly to when they
had to go take him back in time and they
they they didn't like stake out the
house and see that the wife was all bad
gardening yeah is there anyone here I
don't know just fuck it let's go inside
and get him
the point is like the Dark Knight Rises
where you shouldn't get too bogged down
in the technical details of this
especially because it's a time travel
well that's that's the thing with pretty
much every time travel movie if you
really break it down they all kind of
fall apart just by the nature of just by
virtue of the fact that their time
travel movies I mean you could say like
oh if this person went back in time and
they killed this person then that would
cause an event that would send them to
not be sent back in time in the first
place and it just it just gets
completely completely confusing and
convoluted but there's a wonderful scene
in this movie that sort of shrugs all
that off there's a great scene between a
young Joe which is Joseph gordon-levitt
and old Joe which is Bruce Willis where
Bruce Willis says you know we could sit
here all afternoon and discuss
time-travel and the logic of it we could
make little diagrams and maps but
whatever that's not really important
what's important is you know the facts
and and it's a nice little wink I think
to the audience like you know I don't
take this too seriously because you're
just going to lose your minds and hate
yourself yeah but it's exactly like the
scene from Austin Powers to The Spy Who
shagged me dhoni I've gone cross-eyed I
suggest you don't worry about this sort
of thing and just enjoy yourself that
goes for you all too yes like any good
movie it becomes about something much
bigger than the premise bigger themes
people characters there's a mother/son
complex in this movie there's lots of
them and father-son complex too if you
look at like the Jeff Daniels character
and the yeah what was his little
henchmans guy yeah blue kid blue or
something yeah yeah sort of has a like
he wants to make his father proud his
father figure yeah I mean there's the
obvious general
plot of the movie with the little kid
but then there was also like Bruce
Willis and he had a wife and she was
trying they're trying to have a kid and
then the stripper that he was trying to
date remember the stripper
yeah he's like I give you some money for
you and your kids I was like another
mother and son or single mother
situations yes things things going on
all over the place like that and then
then during the bigger
at the end Joseph gordon-levitt - was um
was like an abandoned child so I guess
in the future everyone has abandoned
children and there are no family units
that doesn't seem like it would be too
far-fetched this is not a good thing my
boss will be searching for me till he
finds me sweep the streets get on it
that's actually what I liked about the
movie a lot is the the look of the
future because this essentially takes
place in two futures it takes place in
like 20 44 I think it is and then 30
years after that so the future of the
movie is very subtle like it's a very
believable future it's not too far over
the top with you know tons of flying
cars everywhere and something comes some
things kind of float cellphones or like
tiny little clear squares lots of
attention to detail and I like that a
lot it's like the most accurate
representation of the future because if
you look at like 1980 and if you're 19
18 say what will 2012 look like and you
think flying cars and so it's like
basically we have all the same shit yeah
it's not there so there's still farms
there's still people dusting crops or
whatever she's doing in the movie
there's still like junker cars around
you know those things technology just
got a little smaller and it was that's
another thing is it was nice to see a
movie that is sort of playful like and
is fun yeah cuz so many movies like of
this nature now feel grim and and like
you think I like the Christopher Nolan
movies or they're just so serious and
and this is a movie that's it's it's
emotional and you connect with the
characters but at the same time there's
like fun actions stuff yeah yeah yeah I
don't know what kind of movie I would
compare this to it had a lot of
recognizable elements from other sci-fi
type movies I kept thinking a terminator
yeah first willis is going to kill the
kids that could possibly become and of
course other movies like that it felt
like a couple of different ideas you're
all smashed in one thing but but the
nice thing was it didn't feel on the
polar opposite end of Resident Evil 5 it
doesn't feel like it's just lifting
things wholesale from other movies oh
it's it's integrated in a way where it's
part of a larger picture in some way
every little idea is going to kind of
remind you of something else but but it
was original enough to where it totally
held its own as a movie I would have
liked this film in black and white very
much sure did you get that vibe oh yeah
yeah especially early on yeah film noir
meets a like a Western because there's
lots of themes like that - the bad guys
in the black hats and then
what's-his-face had the gun on the belt
and it was almost like showdown kind of
stuff and and though the voice-over
narration is very new Irish yeah that -
that's who this is time-travel crap just
fries your brain like an egg
so the time-travel movies the logic is
always cloudy
what made this movie good well it's good
for for the fact that it took a dumb
concept and made you like it and the the
concept kind of grew into something else
it becomes a bigger story it is a
jumping-off point yeah as a jumping-off
point it becomes a bigger story about
people and relationships and especially
the looper thing becomes analogous to
closing a loop of life of creating bad
choices because decisions you make in
life kind of stopping them before they
get too far both of the characters in
the film Bruce Willis and Joseph
gordon-levitt are horrible selfish
assholes just in different ways well
it's interesting to see a movie where
the main character is both the
protagonist and the antagonist yeah
because you sympathize with both
versions of him for very different
reasons but yeah they both do horrible
things Joseph gordon-levitt is obviously
a contracted killer he's a drug addict
but in the end eventually he kind of
comes to the realization of the
consequences of his actions throughout
life and and changes that for the better
which makes us like our hero again right
um the he as a narc as they say do you
know who else had an arc Indiana Jones
hunt them down at every second that
passes is bad what's he gonna do I'm
gonna save your life my life
what was the point of the the
telekinetics in this well that's what
allows him the ability to kill all the
loopers and become the Rainmaker I know
that yeah
but why couldn't you just become the
Rainmaker why did they have to throw
that extra element of science figure
yeah I guess to make a more invincible
more tougher for anyone else to you know
stop it's a sci-fi thing so you're
telling me that in addition to inventing
time travel humans also create we have
telekinetic powers in the future sure
why not
overall good performances I didn't think
it was entirely necessary to apply
makeup to Joseph gordon-levitt to make
him look like Bruce Willis though yeah
yeah well I thought it was yes I
understand their motivation for doing it
but I thought it was more distracting
than anything more distracting than it
would be if it was just Joseph
gordon-levitt and you say you know what
it's a movie I'll just accept the fact
that that's young Bruce Willis yeah with
that makeup I thought he looked more
like Robert Forester than he did Bruce
Willis yeah this Spock eyebrows were
kind of distracting yeah and I was like
is that what he looks like or did they
do something to him I couldn't couldn't
figure it out and then they forgot what
he looks like
I knew he looks like Heath Ledger you
know the Joseph gordon-levitt looks a
lot like Heath Ledger I need visual
proof of this it's right here bleep oh
my god yeah the makeup I don't know like
I guess it's kind of neat they tried but
I could just see like at least they
didn't go overboard with it like they
could have gone really far did I make it
look like Bruce Willis oh yeah it was
subtle but it was the fact that it was
subtle was almost more distracting I
don't know I I think I would've
preferred if they just didn't do
anything I feel bad for him because I'm
sure he had to sit in a makeup chair for
a while I'm an actor I stacked with
appliances on and maybe distract them
from their performance a little yeah in
this case I think it would have been
okay just to go with like you know let
the audience use their imagination and
just assume that because they had a nice
little touch in the beginning when he's
he's getting ready and then he goes like
this and he checks his hairline and then
he leaves yeah and I'm like perfect I
mean it was nice to see a movie where
Bruce Willis actually looked like he
gave a shit I can't remember the last
time I saw a movie where he looked like
he cared yeah we actually put in some
effort well you look at like the fourth
die hard movie what about Coppa or or
cop-out oh man that's just uh he's
really given it his all in cop out he
certainly doesn't look like he wants to
go take a nap being sucked out
no I cop out is my favorite movie that
was a great film it was it was a one
full movie and and Bruce Willis's best
performance he was nominated for an
Academy Award for capo who gave him it
was at the same year the Daniel
day-lewis one for there will be blood is
that's a fucking Bruce Willis got robbed
hmm at Daniel day-lewis yeah there will
be a lot of his performance in every
movie I mean I watched it you know and
kind of bored and Daniel day-lewis like
I don't know I just yeah phoning it in
is the expression and then nothing
happens in the whole movie
right it's so boring it's like that's it
that's the movie really out and so yeah
that that movie fucking suck it's like
ever hear of acting school but um no
yeah Bruce Willis even though in his in
his advancing senior years he's starting
to look like mr. Magoo I noticed it in
his face he no longer looks like like a
man he's starting he's starting to look
like mr. Magoo I don't know if I saw
that he looks like the guy that plays um
an admiral in Star Trek Voyager okay
Admiral Paris and he looks like mr.
Magoo do you ever think that maybe you
draw too many comparisons to Star Trek
not everything is about Star Trek
oh hello yeah we did place an order for
a pizza
oh is this mr. Berman Rick Berman oh
yeah you'll be delivering it oh it's
Rick Berman there's a producer on the
Star Trek's hey yeah he works at toppers
pizza oh my god yeah I called about half
an hour ago to order pizza okay is he
delivery he's delivering yeah well yeah
I'm still here yeah yeah it was the one
topping just cheese and sausage pizza
yeah you'll be delivering it mr. Berman
yeah no no no we do tip despite what
your records show there yeah we we do
tip yeah yeah about half an hour thank
you
ask yourself would a sacrifice for
what's mine
we both know how this has to go down
can you walk right back so it was
surprising as the movie went along to
discover while watching it that its it's
rated R I I don't know why I wasn't
expecting that I was thinking this was
sort of like a general audience pg-13
ish range movie lettin there were boobs
and then there was people getting shots
it wasn't excessive but it was there and
it was used to propria I would say it
was a immature r-rated movie it was a
movie for adults it wasn't stupid
then it wasn't pg-13 it could have been
but I I think the the violence and it
was used appropriately where where it
had an impact it could have been a pg-13
and it probably should have been too
because it does have a broader appeal
other than the concept of executing
people as the premise of the movie like
what the the Liam Neeson film called
taken oh yes and now it's a sequel
called taken to and taken again take
taken harder to know it's got more more
taken again taking over I saw taken in
the theater and I was like the first
half I'm like this is a pretty good
movie I really like this and then at the
end I'm like something's wrong here
there was no blood yeah there was no
like f-words or anything I'm like this
is a pg-13 went out it's a pg-13 movie
and now taken to is unfortunately a
pg-13 as well but they said they should
make the lit of the rating go down with
each movie like they did with the police
academy films yeah or it's like taken
two will be PG taken three will be a G
rated family film yeah or they get taken
to the zoo but yeah some movies you like
just logically that's an R that's not an
hour and I think this could have been a
pg-13 it works as an hour works as both
you know but um I don't think it's gonna
affect the box office at all cuz
obviously it's doing well do you know
what it's not doing as well as what's
that J Hotel Transylvania with Adam
Sandler
by the way whatever happened to step up
revolution I know we reviewed it but is
that out of the theaters yeah
was that a hit no so Jay would you
recommend looper I would wholeheartedly
recommend looper I would also recommend
it's it's the whole package you watch it
and you feel like you're watching a real
movie and then at the end everything
ties up nicely and has a message and as
a point characters have a nice arc to
them Joseph gordon-levitt what Oh
hey what are you doing the phone's
ringing lightning-fast VCR repair this
is Mike how can I help you yeah hi my
name is mr. blinken and uh I just got a
VCR but it's not working too well so
also but you can come over here and take
a look at it mr. plinkus yeah um yeah I
guess me and Jay could stop by in a
little bit I mean there shouldn't be
anything wrong with the VCR uh how would
you know well anyway my address it's
eight for seven mr. fleiger we know your
address
well how the fuck do you know my address
hmm right you got like a tracking system
on me or something
no I'm what are you talking about did
you try to play a tape in the VCR did
you play the secrets tape starring
Jacqueline Bisset our home fuck you know
I got a secret tape starring Jacqueline
% you wanted to know if the secrets were
about her pussy yeah of course I wanted
to know the secrets of her pussy what do
you got like cambers on me what are you
using Google look mr. plinkus is the
Google have my Jacqueline Bisset tape on
it mr. plinkus well we'll stop by a
little later today okay and take a look
at the VCR okay all right we'll see you
in a bit okay what was a fucking weird
phone call shit is it lunch time it's
always lunch time
800 million people living in the ruin of
the old world
only one thing fighting for order in the
chaos
men and women of the Hall of Justice
Dredd 3d is the new film version of the
famed comic book character Judge Dredd
who was last portrayed by Sylvester
Stallone in the 1995 film in this newer
and bleaker version Karl Urban stars
alongside a sexy psychic while they
battle futuristic drug lords in a
futuristic housing project using
futuristic weapons Jay what the fuck did
you think of Judge Dredd 3d is good
angel in the Judge Dredd boys they call
me judge frowny face oh I was thoroughly
entertained by this movie it's 90
minutes of straight ahead action and
frowny faces people growling a slow
motion body's getting shot and exploding
Paul Verhoeven's style yeah Paul
Verhoeven it reminded me of a Paul
Verhoeven film um meets a John Carpenter
film right yes yeah this sort of very
simplistic nature of the story just sort
of we have to accomplish this goal all
takes place in a very limited number of
locations that's very John Carpenter and
and Paul Verhoeven with the the violence
and the the sort of serious tone I think
this movie would have benefited from the
the more sarcastic humor in the the Paul
Verhoeven movies but yeah visually very
similar as far as the the way the
violence was executed in a sort of
completely emotionless way it was a
little dry and I think that would be my
only complaint other than digital blood
splatters uh but you know there were
there was a lot of blood in this there
was some pretty grotesque things that
happened to people which I was happy
with and it was glorious um but I long
gone are the days of the squibs and the
violently exploding squibs
long gone are the days of the scene from
Robocop
that's one of the most amazing scenes in
any film ever yeah it's a great feeling
as a kid when you see stuff like that I
remember seeing the toxic Avengers as
probably an eight or nine year old and
there's a part where they they they hit
a young guy on a bicycle with their car
and they back up and run over his head
yeah it makes you sick to your stomach
as a small child and there's not enough
movies like that now where little kids
can see them and and learn to hate
humanity well know seeing horrific
violence like blood and guts makes young
kids want to be doctors seeing horrific
violence like people being shot up makes
young kids want to be police officers oh
okay um and also seeing people get shot
up or murdered makes young kids want to
be lawyers
horrific horrific violence in movies and
little kids seeing that just does
nothing but benefit society hmm I really
like the the slow pace of it yeah and I
like the fact that it wasn't about a
really big story it wasn't Judge Dredd
has to stop so and so with the MacGuffin
device that will blow up the city he
doesn't have to save the city and I
that's actually one of the things I
appreciate about both this and looper is
that they're they take place in this
large sort of sci-fi environment but
they're a very sort of self-contained
story in a larger world in a larger
universe some people have been comparing
this movie to the raid the action movie
that came out last year which I still
have not seen that's one of those movies
I've been meaning to for a while but to
the best that I can tell the
similarities sort of start and end with
the fact that they both take place in
one building yeah so may this more as a
salt on precinct 13 kind of field yeah
so I think that's why I get the John
Carpenter vibe from it is like a Robocop
is always just kind of like walking
around by himself and like there's a
scene in this movie where Judge Dredd
goes into a like the the chemical lab
where all the people are making the
drugs and it's straight out of Robocop -
yeah I was look at that it's exactly
straight pins chooses
factoring base for all the slo-mo and
megacity why you know how often we get a
judge up in peace trees where you got
one now she has control of everything
that was one 200
this is mama some learner's block or two
judges that's not good
basically the plot for Judge Dredd is
Dredd takes the rookie cop out and she
has psychic abilities they go into what
is essentially a giant futuristic
housing project to respond to some
murder calls and they get trapped in
there and the housing projects run by a
drug lord so basically the building gets
locked down I guess you could throw a
little die hard in there too and the
situation is there's all these like gang
members everywhere trying to kill Judge
Dredd and and the rookie and that's the
plot that's it got to get out got to get
to the top got to get the drug lord it
very die-hard meets Robocop
you know the very simple plot well
there's some movies where the plot you
would describe this plot as simplistic
as a negative but this is one where
completely works in the movies favor
yeah like I loved the the sort of narrow
view of what the movie was right like
you're saying it's not about a plot you
know save the city or anything like that
you get the impression that this is the
kind of thing the dread goes out on all
the time and this thing like I'm sure
they have more scenes in this movie that
might appear on a special edition disc
or whatever but like there was almost
zero characterization and Judge Dredd
and I love that well that it yeah that's
again one of those things you would
complain about in other movies but in
this movie it works completely the the
sort of straightforward nature of the
character this is the kind of situation
he's in all the time and kudos to Karl
Urban for keeping his fucking helmet on
for the entire movie there's no vanity
there Karl Urban never removes his
helmet and I just Browns and grunts he
frowns and yeah you'd think a an actor
would just be I have to show my face in
this like I have to have a scene where I
cry and wear something tied as but but
he never ever takes his helmet off and I
think actually in this movie the rookie
is more so the main character and Judge
Dredd is just Judge Dredd and any works
as Judge Dredd there's a little bit in
the beginning when she's do using her
psychic powers and she sort of reads
Judge Dredd she's like there's a man
here you know she's on the other side of
one-way glass there's a man in there
he's a police officer or a judge I guess
they call them judges and in this movie
um and he's he's dark but there's
something else something hidden they're
like okay that's enough you know and
you're about to get some information
about Judge Dredd and there they cut it
off and they yeah it's real it's sort of
again like looper it's a little sequence
that's sort of very subtly breaking the
fourth wall mm-hmm like the discussion
and looper about you know we can debate
time-travel all day like it into the
audience like you know what that's not
what this movies about yes
and then this movie does that too
another thing I really liked in the
movie was the use of slow motion which
is something that's is kind of overused
in a lot of movies these days the Zack
Snyder and the Abraham Lincoln vampire
hunter yeah speed up slow down thing but
here was only used during the sequences
where people are taking that drug is it
called slow Scouts law the drug is
called slow mo so you see the effects of
it you see the way people react to it
and there's some sequences of horrific
violence that happen in that that kind
of becomes sort of beautiful in an odd
way a spoiler alert the he does kill the
villain at the end the drug lord
her name's ma mama mama um and it leaves
you with sort of like this like sour
taste in your mouth or this bitter
sweetness cuz she he makes her smoke the
drug yeah what she does to other people
and she throw he throws her off this
balcony and it's like a hundred stories
down 200 stories and and which is really
cruel because she does that earlier in
the film to some of her her victims and
and you see her falling in slow motion
to her death and it's all you know
sparkly and slow motion and she's on the
drug and and it gives you some time to
think and you kind of like think about
her character and she was up like a
former prostitute who was like probably
abused and she had a scar on her face
and so it's almost like a like a tragic
villain almost because
if she was not just evil but kind of
pushed that way because of the society
they live in yeah and the judge dredd
just does not help that situation at all
yeah it's just like violence
perpetuating mother violence and it
becomes this like six cycle yeah and
there's a scene in there where the
rookie kills the guy which I didn't
think she was going to yeah oh yeah that
was like a guy who's begging for his
house for his life and he's like a
verdict death yeah and she basically has
to just shoot him in the face and you're
like wow you know yeah they have to get
a handle on crime yeah but I guess now
that I think about it the movie brings
up themes about about police enforcement
and laws and how that affects society
and now just the I mean a city with that
much crime like you have to be brutal to
control it but then it becomes just like
brutal dictatorship and it's like it
asks a lot of questions I guess yeah now
that I think about well that's I mean
that's the whole idea is that they're
not just police officers like they are
they're sentencing you to death on sight
and so the main character the villain
kind of comes from this really bad spot
she she bit off a man's penis hmm and
had a horrible scar in her face so
obviously she's twisted and deranged
probably because of years of being
surrounded by violence from coming from
this environment so the you know the
environment that Judge Dredd is trying
to protect his breeding criminals like
this it's like the cycle and and maybe
that's what the comic book is about I
don't I I couldn't tell you a thing one
about the comic
sentence is death
so as previously mentioned we are going
to compare these two films and decide
which one you should spend your
hard-earned dollars on well in a perfect
world people would spend their money on
both movies but this is going on to the
assumption that's let's say for whatever
reason you can only see one of them
they're both very good so which one
would you lean more towards well I want
to say looper because it's the original
idea
um Judge Dredd is a wonderful film I
want to say Judge Dredd on the I guess
we're not gonna come up with an answer
are we well there's there's pros and
cons to both I guess uh the the
recommendation question J has always
been difficult for me well that's the
Louis the whole point of this segment
was to say if you had to choose one I
would recommend it for date night hmm
because secretly women love violence
when they see people getting murdered
hmm really yeah Sigmund Freud discussed
it
oh that's up did he use did he cite
Robocop as an example you do if you
bring a girl to Judge Dredd on date
night you're getting laid mmm you bring
a girl to looper um they're gonna say
well you know Joseph gordon-levitt but I
would say that overall if I had to pick
one I would say looper well I'm gonna
say Judge Dredd just to counter your
argument that's always the best reason
to come to a decision
um I admired judge dreads a take on the
simple the simple stories the the take
back to the die hard kind of movies
where it wasn't saving the world it was
a nice small story in a in a bigger
universe in a bigger comic book type
universe I like the fact that that was
scaled back well that's that's the nice
thing about both of these movies is that
neither are very high budgets which i
think is good yeah because they both
look great they look probably bigger
than they actually cost to make
but compare I think looper was like 30
million to make oh well compare that to
you know the latest Adam Sandler
animated Transylvania movie whatever the
hell that is
looper was only 30 million oh yeah yes
that explains what half of it took place
on a farm house there you go
but yeah movies don't need to cost so
much we made our film a feeding frenzy
for only four thousand dollars which is
available on DVD and Digital Dell would
you say that feeding frenzy is better
than looper and red yeah you don't even
have to ask that question feeding
frenzies got it all
it's got humor it's got action it's got
um lots of gore and puppet effects and
its really it's a really fun movie Oh
Jay would you recommend feeding frenzy I
would wholeheartedly recommend feeding
frenzy I would recommend it to almost
anyone yeah I'm bigger ever yeah grandma
a little kid you know date night it's a
perfect date night movie the only the
only demographic I wouldn't recommend
the movie to is mimes mimes mimes I just
think they're creepy
well the good thing about mimes is they
can't tell you how bad the movie is well
looks like Jackie Gleason still dead oh
I hope it's not another Michael Bay
movie hey mr. blanket you called us
about the VCR oh thank god you're
finally here look my VCR needs some work
done on him what
conference just a minute Jay I don't
think he remembers us or of last year
yeah what are we gonna do I've got it
yeah call social services and let them
know that there's a confused sick
elderly man that's desperately in need
of medical attention
yo numbskull I've got a much better idea
oh well mr. blinken me and Jay have
talked it over and we feel that a repair
job of this nature will cost you $100 an
hour oh well that sounds like a fair
price you both look like fine upstanding
young men I'm sure you wouldn't try to
pull a fast one on me well get to work
you need anything just give me a holler
Jay I think we're back in business thank
God for dementia yay
what
