Jul 22, 2012
The Dark Knight Rises (1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5hSwnZ7FyY
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/227116498496405504
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10150966054847634
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/361726943900703
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/402430789814837
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-dark-knight-rises-1-of-2

Half in the bag.
Isn't it about time they end this show?
oh my god holy shit oh my
god I can't believe that comic book nerd
was in on the conspiracy to kill us J
everyone's involved in a conspiracy to
kill us man
we should make some phone calls to other
VCR repair men hmm that's a good idea
see if they know anything about what's
going on
yeah I'll shit my phone's about to die
huh huh I must have misplaced my phone
oh maybe we can get one call out I'll
call your phone and see if it's around
here okay yeah maybe I dropped it right
nearby what oh I ate it I guess I
thought it was food damn it my phone
just died who around here as a phone we
could use you realize whose house we're
nearby don't you
something's different in here oh my god
you're right plink it got rid of this
little rug what are you talking about
look around new furniture HGTV blu-ray
player instead of Roku Hey look there's
a note on the back of the door now let's
open up the note and read it to find out
what it says okay dear Harry I must say
I am so proud that you got rid of your
old VCR and crappy television and made
the big leap into HD TVs and blu-ray we
had some great times together Harry
especially all the awkward and terrible
sex unfortunately I don't think things
will work out between us and I need to
move on to the next phase of my life I
wish you the best
love Sheila Sheila there's something
suspicious about all this
you're right J there is but we came here
to use the phone and that's what we got
to do right let's start by calling Phil
from Phil's electronics on Broadway
that's a great idea you know Phil's a
nice guy I'd hate to see anything bad
happen to him yeah oh the phone just
started ringing huh should I answer it
yeah answer the phone okay hello hey mr.
Harry yes pluggin uh pretend to be
blinking oh um yeah this is her a
springer who is this that's the worst
plinking impression I've ever heard he's
gonna think you're a fake shut up
well mr. plugin this is jabber from
jabber the man WB BL morning radio
congratulations you and your lovely
girlfriend Sheila have won tickets to an
advanced screening of The Dark Knight
Rises oh thank you Jay find a wig I'll
explain on the way
there's storm coming
you sound like you're looking forward to
it
I'm adaptable hello and welcome to half
in the bag I'm Mike and I'm Jay and on
this episode we'll be talking about the
Dark Knight Rises which is the third and
final film in the very popular series
directed by Christopher Nolan the movie
is about Batman and the villainous bane
endlessly punching each other in the
face but it's also about Heath Ledger's
dead and is not in the movie so Jay what
did you think of the Dark Knight Rises I
you know I was actually surprised by how
much I enjoyed this movie i odd are you
looking at no oh this TV
feels weird I guess that's kind of in
the way I always have this weird feeling
like whenever we talk about movies
someone's watching us yeah I know what
you me and I get the same feeling but
it's a little bit different this time
it's like this TV is is yeah it's just
it's a really ominous presence yeah
shall we change our setup maybe yeah
let's move seats okay let's talk over
here so you were saying uh well to
briefly sort of establish my
relationship with the series of movies I
am NOT the biggest fan of the
Christopher Nolan Batman movies going
into this why not and I'm also not the
biggest fan really of Christopher Nolan
why not we'll get into this later I'm
sure but the the passionates love for
him or the the completes hate for him
there's both ends of the spectrum I
guess you could say I fall somewhere in
the middle so going into this movie I
didn't have really any expectations I
assumed it would be decent but nothing
beyond that
that being said I thought this movie
fucking ruled well that's high praise on
a pure just sort of visceral level on
just a spectacle level I I was
thoroughly entertained
well my general reaction is and I agree
with you visceral and spectacle are good
words to describe this movie I really
like the movie as well
I would say almost as much as the Dark
Knight maybe a teensy bit more I would
say that the Dark Knight is probably a
better movie it's a better film yeah
this one I found more entertaining yeah
The Dark Knight of course everyone just
goes straight to Heath Ledger
it's the Heath Ledger movie yeah and and
then you have this situation where it's
like well okay
Heath Ledger is dead now what do you do
like how do you top that
The Joker's plan wasn't as grandiose or
is destructive as Bane's plan so it's
like well this movie the the plot is
bigger and more bigger things happen and
and it had the the potential of really
just turning into a clusterfuck or
blowing up in their face and I think it
managed to rein it in and hold on the
whole way through I like that they
didn't try and top it in that respect
like a lot of people are saying you know
even people that seem to like this movie
or say and well it's really good but it
doesn't have a strong of a villain right
and I think Bane is a fine villain in
this movie it's not trying to outdo he
Dodger it's not trying to to recapture
that sort of spirit it's a completely
different animal altogether this one
kind of pulls the villain out a little
and brings up all the other parts just
to stronger levels that were sort of
lacking in the Dark Knight it's the
first Batman movie not just in the Nolan
movies but in any Batman movie where I
think I actually gave a shit about
Batman yeah that's the conundrum of all
the Batman movies is that he's always
the least interesting thing about them
he's broken in the beginning he's kind
of crippled he's it seven eight years
since the last movie he's sort of out of
the game and um and he really has like a
arc in this one that he really didn't
except for the first movie and it's it's
really the Dark Knight Rises it's that's
what the movies about so it does focus
more on Batman as a Batman movie should
I'm Gotham's reckoning
I would like to see a superhero movie
with a smaller story I would like to see
a Batman takes out this crime syndicate
kind of story but with this they took it
to the nth degree which which made it
also work yeah because I was sort of
like I was a little disappointed in the
the MacGuffin bomb the we have a whacky
device that didn't buy this it bothered
me slightly but all the other elements
out outshined it which was which was
what made it work if it was just that
now Bane wants to take the bomb and put
it up on top of the Statue of Liberty or
this whatever statue of Gotham and and
blow it up and turn everyone into people
with things on their mouths you know
like it was something like that oh it a
good like is this what Spiderman was
yeah I'm like I'm so sick of this but
they took it to such a level where where
it becomes that des it's like a pock
elliptic event where the whole city is
under siege and their way of life
changes the police are like this
underground force and it takes it out of
control and that's why for me it's more
entertaining them than The Dark Knight
is just because for me personally that's
the kind of thing that I think is
interesting that cool is just scene I
did compared to escape from New York or
the cities blocked off and just seen the
scene a society just completely collapse
yes and that's one of the reasons I'm
interested in certain zombie movies to
just see in the society completely in
ruins and how people deal with it and
survive and and yeah it's it's it's epic
in this movie which is is the only way
you can go with the previous Nolan
movies they've been constantly ramping
up there's nowhere to go with this so I
guess they have to reboot it at this
point because you can't get me Batman in
space maybe maybe they'll shoot Batman
into space
it's the true completion
a bump barrier bird enough members of
the Wayne family and takes everything to
another level
what was neat to see in this one too was
that because the first two just sort of
feel like two separate Batman stories
and this one sort of takes elements from
each of those two earlier movies and and
adds to it it combines us to the whole
series of three movies sort of gets
wrapped up in a nice little bow it all
sort of ties together well overall I
think it's safe to say we both really
liked Batman Forever what is this movie
home it's a quality production it's it's
sort of just like this big clunky loud
awesome thing I think that's the best
way to describe it's not it's not
perfectly beveled on all the corners
it's not shiny it's not flawless it's a
movie that is really eager to please it
made me think of like the old like
Golden Age of Hollywood movies like the
big musicals and the big spectacle films
with hundreds of extras and dance
numbers and it's like we're trying
really we're trying so hard to entertain
you when I'm on the opposite end of that
spider-man feels like a cheaply made
piece of crap well and that's the thing
is like you know Dark Knight Rises it's
not perfect movie it has problems I
would say the biggest one for me is that
it starts off a little clunky the first
actor so if the movie is it takes you a
while to kind of get into what's going
on because there's a lot of characters
and there's a lot of things in the air
as a little jumbled but once all those
pieces are in place
I say it's smooth sailing everybody has
their assignments everybody has things
to do there's nice little revelations
throughout the story to keep you engaged
some of them are predictable some not so
much but at least they're there it's not
the lizard wants to turn people in the
lizard people spider-man has to stop
them and then that's it well I will
acknowledge your point but I don't agree
with it that the beginning was clunky I
thought it was fine like as far if the
pacing was fine it's just it was so long
since the last film and not in our terms
but in the movie terms it's been eight
years so there was all these scenes
and things and you're sort of have to
get re-acclimated to what's going on
like Bruce Wayne is a shut-in and you
know this person is in charge of the
Harvey Dent has died and all this stuff
you have to kind of get into and and
that was fine and it's so long until you
see the Batman come back and that's what
was great the rest of time is focused on
Bruce Wayne it's focused on you know
bein all these other characters uh-huh
Bruce Payne don't forget about him
Brisbane I don't remember this he was a
character in there and it got confusing
after a while cuz they didn't know if
they're talking about Bruce Wayne or
Bane there's a guy named Bruce Bane in
the movie it's like fucking idea was
that seems like a horrible decision yeah
yeah that Christopher Nolan's overrated
heck he is he is and there's another
character named Bruce Banner which is
like it was unrelated spelled
differently and then the part of the
movie where they all traveled to
Brisbane yeah oh my gosh bein in
Brisbane with Bruce Wayne and Bruce
Banner and they're all watching
basketball so let's talk about the
actors briefly okay before we get into
the meat of this review and bitch about
plot holes um
when I first heard that Anne Hathaway
was cast in the movie I had the same
reaction when I heard that Heath Ledger
was cast at the movie it's like Heath
Ledger as the Joker what now and then he
turned out to be brilliant and then Anne
Hathaway turns out to be brilliant as
well that's why I wasn't concerned about
her being Catwoman yes like you know
what at this point he's earned my trust
great I got to give him the benefit of
the doubt I was like Anne Hathaway the
girl that ruined the Oscars the only one
I didn't like was that guy that played
the other the police commissioner the
other police commissioner Oh Matthew
Modine he was just like shouting his
lines and it's like bad well he's just
sort of there I mean that whole
character was kind of pointless and
that'll be one complaint I have is that
there's just probably too many
characters I didn't think it was pretty
cool to see Tom Lennon show up for oh
yeah and I also like that he played a
doctor because I'm in my brain I like to
imagine that even though in what's your
number he was a gynecologist I still
like to pretend that same character and
that what's your number exists in the
same universe as Batman Tom Lennon just
goes it's like the weirdos I see at my
hospital carry it Sally
well we dated for like three months
scar tissue on your kidneys I cannot
recommend you go hello spoon and then of
course Tom Hardy as the bane and we all
know Tom Hardy who got his acting career
started in Star Trek nemesis as The
Shins on oceans on good old Shinzon can
t be seen on that ship who sounded like
dr. evil in that movie and and Bane
sounds like dr. evil to where our
girl-talk removal and psycho no say to
me he it's not like his accent kept
changing throughout this movie yeah and
it's some parts he sounded like Sean
Connery talking through a tin can and
then there were other parts or I had no
idea what the fuck he was saying I
really liked the vane voice III see I
thought it was came off comical and a
lot of scenes but well you know hey it
sounded like a prank phone call voice to
me like when you get a prank phone call
with someone with a voice changer right
sound like Earth got the money Wheatley
at the corner of throw whatever Street
and if you want to see your daughter
alive like and anyway it's it's not just
like a movie voice like a typical movie
would be like he needs to sound like a
like a really evil monster run big but
it's it was so strange that it made it
creepy yeah yeah that's just my personal
I would say to me what made it more
off-putting was the fact that it was so
like forefront and the soundtrack it
wasn't like mixed in a way where it
matched other the volume of other
characters it was just it was distorted
but it was very clean yeah and that was
off-putting to me it was a commanding
voice I think the reason why it was so
loud and it wasn't like mixed into the
soundtrack in the background like it
veins far away it's quieter you know I
think it's just like whenever he spoke
it's like you knew he was the guy like
I'm bait and he's the guy in charge and
I think that was a stylistic choice you
know my favorite line of dialogue by
bein in this movie was low so when he
said that was my favorite line - yeah a
close second was when he said good
did you say sit on my face
well that's what he said oh I think
there was an Hathaways of that oh he
sure wasn't the the homeless guy that
was sitting behind you in the theater
huh
I didn't she just tell me your
punishment must be more severe
so Bane came from the same place that
shins on did jazz laughing I was like
Bane was born and like a hellish prison
world underground and there's like the
big tunnel to escape from and it's the
same thing in Star Trek
Emma says do you think Christopher Nolan
was influenced by Star Trek nemesis I
think I think he watched it and said
that's my Bane that's the new that's the
next Adam Sandler film that's my Bane
that's my vein starring Adam Sandler and
Tom Hardy is Bane dirt could I borrow
the core Selina Kyle has her own code of
ethics it sometimes involves doing
things that other people might consider
questionable yeah I love the Catwoman in
this movie she's really good yeah really
good he's really good and they didn't
overdo her they never even collared
Catwoman and I like the fact that her
little goggles are what make her a
little catty yeah yeah look visually
goggles make sense in the Christopher
Nolan more real version of Beth
yes yeah she has a cat burglar outfit
but they don't like you know kind of
they've one shot where she walks around
the bat motorcycle and you see kind of
her doing a little sexy walk but they
don't over exploit her know her figure
show her ass all the time or anything
like to goofy like that and you barely
see her in the cat suit it's more about
her character and the same with all the
other characters in this movie it's the
that and that's what makes the costumes
and the superheroism and all that goofy
stuffing at work is yeah because it's
supplemental it's not primary yeah
unlike the spider-man movie well and
there's they tried it with the
spider-man movies yeah it was like they
fell on their fucking face well and
there's no no show off II moments in
this now like everything feels very
natural and it's all in service of the
story right like the first time Batman
does show up after whatever 45 minutes
or an hour into the movie there's not
that like hero shot you just sort of you
see him the back of his vehicle and then
he's just standing there holding his gun
you're like there's Batman mm-hmm and
it's it's it's almost more exciting than
if they did the because that's the thing
another you know we both I think like
the Avengers but that's a movie there's
nothing but like nerdgasm shots the the
famous one were it's going around all
the characters everything in that is a
big like look at this these guys are
awesome
and this is much more subdued and
natural yeah yeah it's good to bring up
the Avengers because when you're talking
about this movie versus that movie
they're two movies that work in their
own style um but they're in such
opposite ends of the spectrum yeah what
you can do with this comic-book
superhero movie and then right in the
middle you have the amazing spider-man
so you have got you have the Avengers
which is goofy colorful unrealistic
showoff II and then you have Batman
which is a little more darker realistic
and then in the middle they tried to do
a spider-man that was closer to Dark
Knight but but you still have a giant
lizard moms but you still have those
goofy elements that you have like Joss
Whedon knew exactly what to do with that
material Christopher Nolan knows exactly
what to do with his material and then
they picked you know the best guy
possible Marc Webb to handle that
material I the only one that could have
done a better job would have been Brett
Ratner yeah if you're looking for total
mediocrity and someone they'll just be
subservient to the studio like he's the
guy you go to I think he called Brett
Ratner for advice like on the big night
before shoots yeah Brett Brett how do I
make this as bad as I can
ed Brett Ratner's like let me just tell
you I got all sorts of tricks do
whatever they tell you to do make it
look like the other movie and then just
cash that paycheck Webb do you think
it's coming back I don't know
continued in part two
