Jun 26, 2013
Extras: Zack Snyder, Superman IV, and The Justice League
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dd0rT89clSM
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/350074059771490305
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151517392872634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-extras-zack-snyder-superman-iv-and-the-justice-league

Half in the bag.
so let's talk about this
film's director the film had a director
his name is Zack Snyder say I don't get
this like I don't get a real specific
stamp of a director from no no there's
more so I'm sucker punch all this movies
you can look at and say oh it's Zack
Snyder's visual style yeah this one just
felt like movie yeah and looks like
Watchmen that was a little more reserved
a little handle a little differently the
300 obviously is very stylistic and and
it's it's appropriate for that mm-hmm
but this like I don't know it just seems
like the worst choice possible for a
director you know what I mean because
it's too too extreme every it's weird
because his other movies aren't like
this but he is other films are sort of
mannered and lots of kind of wider shots
here everything is handheld close-ups
mmm the simplest scenes I the the one
where it really bothered me was a
flashback with Kevin Costner talking to
a young Superman and they're just at the
back of the truck sitting at the back of
the truck and POC Kent's telling him
about how he's meant to do great things
or whatever he says the same thing
through the whole movie and the camera
won't stop shaking I think someone said
we can't make this film boring like the
last one even the boring ER parts make
them less boring earth actually you know
what would have made the ending in this
movie even more hysterical during all
the crazy chaos would be if he was doing
his signature like like speed up slow
down action I was gonna say Superman
like Shh yeah that didn't happen at all
no he didn't do any of that that would
have made it even worse which would have
made it even funnier yeah
well I think we can all agree that the
best Superman movie is still Superman
for the quest for peace
uh-oh I will always have a fond spot for
three okay mostly for the one scene
though where the woman turns into a
robot I love that scene that scene would
scare me yeah all the scenes scared me
in Superman for
there's a scene in the fourth one where
it's like I was shocked when I was car
Kent is sitting in this apartment and
Lois Lane comes over to visit and he
gets up and he walks over and there's
just like this giant shadow from the
camera light on the you even say that
you're gonna see the shadow of the
camera man when he gets up really gates
off for a second and he walks over and
it's just like this glaring shadow it's
him and a shadow on the wall oh my god
it's just like it looks like a worse
than a soap-opera lighting oh the movies
so cheap my favorite part of Superman
for is when he repairs the Great Wall of
China with Superman power the light
shines out of his eyes and bricks
magically appeared what Superman power
is led
Superman will no longer do corny things
like that
now fly it fly around the world so fast
the opposite direction reverses time is
it that they couldn't get away with
doing that anymore or is it just because
there's no way they'd want to deviate
from the dark night formula it's because
people would look at this and they say
oh it's Superman but stoled like The
Dark Knight I like that movie yeah I'm
just saying is there is there no place
for a corny Superman and cuz I can't
imagine a child watching this movie I
saw a child in the theater down on the
bottom row seats was like a 6 7 year old
kid and he's like he's gone like this
the whole time like looking around and
then finally he just kind of turns on
each school and puts his head in his
hands and then exam like completely
impatient like this was before the
action stuff and just bored out of his
mind when you think of Superman you know
and obviously there's been many
different versions of him over the years
but I don't think anybody thinks of this
no Superman is not Batman and he doesn't
have to be Batman they're great
Marvel gets they get the characters
right there that used to try to and they
get the tone right and that's the most
important part is that it finds a good
balance between being somewhat
light-hearted and fun and still having
like a realistic threatening villain
yeah I'd character or premise this this
movie tells for me fell flat on its face
trying to be too moody and gritty and
realistic and and yeah it's weird you
can I don't know how DC mashups or
team-ups in the past of work but Batman
and Superman like they are two different
worlds like - like I can't even imagine
that they both operate the same universe
all the Marvel characters sure but
Gotham City and metropolis like corny
Clark Kent at the Daily Planet and then
like Gotham I just Dean and especially
in movie form looking forward to that
Justice League movie who else are they
after having the Justice League they
have to reread ooh grim Lantern because
nobody liked the last one I
Hal Jordan do solemnly swear to pledge
allegiance to a lantern that I got from
a dying purple alien well now we'll redo
it and he'll be a manic-depressive well
so they go they have like a flash and
Wonder Woman are them the best let's the
main core I mean there's other
characters that come in and go in and
out of the Justice League I don't know
how the hell do you make Wonder Woman
dark brooding gritty serious make her
her costume darker shades of all the
colors and give it that that look like
it has the webbing on it everything else
I have the webbing yeah she'll be a
prostitute who gets turned into Wonder
Woman and stamps her pimp in the eye
she won't she won't have an invisible
plane that's for sure no she'll have a
regular whip - it won't be an energy
right it'll just be aware via dominatrix
which she'll snap it around a pimps neck
and kids will say mommy why are we
watching this crime drama
