Apr 16, 2013
Extras: Evil Dead Outtakes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6oeDFbGbYLg
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/324214544127885312
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/166674163497487
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-extras-evil-dead-outtakes

Half in the bag.
And...go.
I'll eat your faggot souls, you fuckface.
maybe the
demon voice better faggot songs your
fuck fresh smooth jazz version I'll lead
you a faggot souls one action
and he stepped up napped it off and
action
holy shit mr. blanket is a candarian
demon what the fuck holy shit mr.
blanket is a kid dude even did you do
that
what welded playing were ten really
require violently dismembering my
mailman yes
did he bring me my prescriptions first I
really need my heart medicine what a
waste of a perfectly good mailman
uniform I didn't even notice that there
did you do that I guess so I'm the one
with the axe you're such an
embarrassment
stop comment for a second all that was
perfect
now yo
blink it heads-up hey you fuck fuck
could be cut let's do smoke like what is
happening there's the fire alarm one
smoke ball it goes really long not too
much smoke doesn't even smoke
that's not detectors detective lightly
smoked yeah
Karthik moles with X particles very good
the idea that we have something over
here did you do that worried what's
going on where's where's my mail gave my
mail where'd you go we're gold no that's
not the mailman that's the new doormat
that we got you it just looks like a
dismembered mailman yeah what did I do
what oh I thought I saw a mailman there
a moment ago
never mind Wow
