Nov 14, 2013
Ender's Game and Thor: The Dark World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-MbVag2fn8
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/401003836644806657
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151787341502634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-enders-game-and-thor-the-dark-world

Half in the bag.
hey guys welcome to another episode of
half in the bag oh my god you two will
never believe what crazy thing just
happened oh oh oh okay hey guys welcome
to another episode of half in the bag
I'm Jay and I'm Mike and this week we
saw Ender's Game and Thor 2 - they made
20 - Thor movies
no I meant - as in also like in addition
to seeing unders game show or - we saw
Thor - t oh oh right
oh oh I still think he's the one
this boy has the empathy to think like a
foreman
understand them anticipate them
it's not ready you're never ready
Ender's Game is based on the book by
Orson Scott Card who probably hates the
director of this film almost as much as
he hates the gays the film is about
little kids being trained and recruited
into the military for some reason to
prepare for a forthcoming battle with
giant alien bugs
our main character ender is the chosen
one who will lead our world to victory
because science fiction trope Mike what
did you think of Ender's Game well J I
couldn't wait for this film to end or
I'm the first well the movie has some
problems we were the only ones in the
theater by the way that I think is a
problem as well but yeah a hard one to
hard one to nail down there there's if
again I've probably said this before but
it felt like a mishmash of stuff even
though it's based on a book yeah well
tell us about the book well the book
came out in the early 80s but there's
lots of similarities to things like The
Last Starfighter Starship Troopers
so my stuff that came out after the book
but it's still the movie version at
least as I feel I kept thinking of Star
Trek 2009 when they promoted a
fourteen-year-old boy to Admiral oh yeah
that's one thing to point out is that
this movie feels like it takes place
over the course of a week and he just
keeps getting promoted yeah the book I
guess takes place over a couple of years
but the movie it's just like every day
he's a new rank I'm sure there's a
billion science fiction books out there
about subject matter like this and it
had a lot of interesting science fiction
ideas and in the the movie like the
recruitment of young people I mean they
say in the movie that the reason why
they're using young people is not just
for cannon fodder but it's because their
brains can do the calculations faster it
was all really vague in the movie I'm
assuming it's fleshed out more on the
book yeah but like like I guess it's
like sort of like how when you're
younger you can pick up a language
quicker like you can you can learn
foreign languages as
child much easier than as an adult so I
think it's a concept like that except
for shooting things because Harrison
Ford and Gandhi with tattoos on his face
they're all like he's gonna do this next
to you this is a great idea though you
guys know so much why aren't you doing
but I guess the little kid can do things
faster so that's the general concept and
then the whole you know the idea of
genocide and propaganda and all that
kind of stuff like conditioning mental
conditioning and so you know a lot of
interesting ideas I think it's one of
those things that definitely works
better as a book based on the the lack
of anything interesting happening
throughout the entire middle of the
movie the best thing I can say about the
movie is that it made me really want to
read the book because I'm watching the
movie and I'm thinking like you know I
bet that this has explained more
thoroughly in the book I got this theme
or this idea because there's lots of
interesting ideas in this movie but none
of them are really given any room to
breathe it all felt very sort of like
like they went through the book and just
sort of very literally adapted the
actions that happen in it without sort
of taking time to explore why they're
happening or what they mean or the germ
attic elements of them yeah
everything about this movie fell flat to
be that's that's what I was so bored
with the movie my brain start to think
about what might be in the book yeah
everyone kind of feels like a robot
except for Harrison Ford who just looks
like he wants to know and I could relate
would you like to lead your own army
a great responsibility rests upon each
of you when the enemy first invaded we
were not ready
millions of innocent lives were lost we
threw everything we had the invaders and
the alien attack nearly destroyed us
that was the kind of the contradiction I
had while watching this movie is that
there weren't like it wasn't like
Starship Troopers right where it's like
there's a couple of big action set
pieces throughout the movie you know
that happened that it's all a build-up
to this big thing that supposed to
happen the end and the whole movie is
training yeah and at the same time it
felt like they weren't going into the
training as much where it's just like
you're now a commander of this squad and
you're going to do this crazy like they
didn't even explain the rules of that
zero-g game now you had something to do
with teams working together and getting
into the other teams like capture the
flag almost yeah and I was like I think
that's what what's entailed in this in
this game but no one's explaining this
to me but at the same time it's very
slow-moving yeah like from what I've
been told all that stuff is is much more
elaborate in the book and that's
something too or it's like everyone's
like oldest ender he's very good with
you know he has tactics and figuring out
these problems and situations but
everything he does is really like basic
common-sense stuff at least in the movie
that or everyone else is a dummy I guess
that could be the theme of the movie is
that everyone in the future is dumb he
does some clever things that the
sequence when he takes over the Dragons
he created they create a new team for
him and then he beats the little guy
with the Napoleon complex it's the tiny
man who's very short for a Napoleonic
reasons um yeah like that part was fun
and and I was like interested and that
was the stuff on the movie highlights
that's about the only stuff in the movie
I liked yeah and then you know it has
this this kind of I mean
I don't know how much we want to get
into spoilers I definitely don't want to
spoil the ending of this did you see the
end coming though
oh you expect a oh sure the twist Brit
is super obvious yeah no I completely
knew that it was oh this is this is what
this is um some cornball stuff like all
the friends showing up at the end help
we brought all your friends especially
being the kid you met in the first day
yeah he's your tactical officer and that
the four year old girl is the one who's
going to fire the space cannon yeah
that's the contradiction for me is that
it has those sort of like kiddie movie
things like that Ned but in such sharp
contrast to how dark the actual idea the
movie is yeah but they're just like
training these kids to be heartless
killers basically well I'm assuming at
the whoever the author was trying to
make some sort of commentary on the
military in general sure the movie
doesn't have any sort of bite to it or
satire it just everything it feels like
a kiddie movie yeah but I think that's
the production of the film itself
because yeah I got I got a lot of the
kind of the Hunger Games vibe like from
some of the the way the costumes and the
sets looked and the whole like whoa what
it's the what do we got that's like out
there yeah someone searched around and
found this book oh this is well not just
one book there's a series of books so
this falls right in line with ever since
Harry Potter now they're always - trying
to find that here franchise that already
exists right right Oh this'll we can
make this a new movie there's four other
books five all their books we can just
keep making movies yeah to me it felt
like everything was just sort of rushed
to get through everything that's in the
book like especially early on like they
just drop you right into it or it's like
a battle with bugs and kids and training
and there's bullies and now he's getting
recruited it's just like bam bam bam and
they need they need to have this
elaborate system of recruitment and
training to defeat a space alien that
will be taken down when one plane is
flown into a lot Independence Day ya
know so um so yeah Ben Kingsley flies a
plane and into the name a lien trip
and that's all I needed there's a chance
because of you
the formics might leave us alone forever
I have to ask you to come with me was it
weird to you and they were showing the
video to the kids of the initial alien
attack where the guy did fly up into the
plane and it was shot like a movie no
I'll give that a pass that's movie stuff
and that's acceptable because they've
done that a lot you know specifically
Star Trek for the voyage home when
they're having the trial for Captain
Kirk and then they just put the movie of
Star Trek 3 up on the screen see that
already has like me it has like
close-ups and all these shots yeah and
and then they they show the exterior of
the ship exploding who filled no some
bad was a little space camera floating
around like and it's just put the movie
up there yeah that's the least of the
movies problem a big problem and dare I
say ruined the movie is Harrison Ford oh
grandpa sleepy grandpa oh my god Wow
yeah yeah Harrison Ford did not want to
be there what do you think the book
Ender's Game why is it still so relevant
now as it has been well because I think
it Harrison Ford from Star Wars and now
like he had he was he was funny and
smart and now he's like he's just like
sour puss old man yeah and his acting
it's it's it's just so bad all he just
he just says lines yeah I don't think he
needs money I don't think yeah I don't
think here's the cord is hard up for
buddy so why bother you're not doing it
for any sort of love of the craft
usually wonders Willis the same thing
yeah I do hope that there is going to be
a third one it seems setup for there to
be a third one
what's reckon I wouldn't be a bit
surprised and that must be frustrating
for the director to something like
directing Bruce Willis or directing
Harrison Ford really Oh Bo you used to
be you were in Indiana Jones oh well he
just shows up he's just like let's get
this over with
every time Harrison Ford was on screen
it just pulled me out of the movie and
I'm like everyone else was trying even
the Ben Kingsley tries you know yeah at
least like you can tell the caliber
there to give it their all yeah no
matter what the role and that's that's a
sign of class and I'm saying Harrison
Ford is a non classy guy I don't know
him personally but you're you're ruining
the movie so Mike would you recommend
Ender's Game I have to go with the no on
this one Jay
some good concepts some good sequences
kept my interest 52% of the time real
real long dry spells bad performance by
Harrison Ford that ruined the whole
movie and an overall kind of quasi
heroic story of something happening and
that's the biggest problem no I would
not recommend it either because it's
just so vanilla and and dull not just
bad performance by Harrison Ford but I
would say by most of the cast they felt
like robots so that's a no-no maybe read
the book I'm curious to read the book
now I'm curious too but I'll forget
about this in two days it's just much
easier to watch television
I'll do everything I can to win this war
our next film is called Thor the dark
world and it's released by Marvel
Studios and it's also the second Thor
film about Thor
after all this time
now you come to visit me brother why
to mock a new joy in the film Thor
battles the alien from Prometheus who
returns with the black goo and is up to
some wacky mischief the alien elf wants
to shoot his black goo through the nine
realms as all of the holes converge in
the sky above stellan skarsgård z'
house natalie portman standin is also in
the film and she sleeps the whole movie
inside a time-traveling boat while
pretending to have some sort of disease
problem with her because black goo is in
her eyes Thor too has some enjoyable
moments but with a plot that's so
schizophrenic you'll need to take some
Thorazine to understand what's going on
what so Jane what did you think of Thor
dark world by the way they need to start
putting numbers on the end of these
titles because we're going to have we're
going to have a Resident Evil problem
and I know they've been good with the
Iron Man movies yes this Iron Man 1 2 3
got it yeah now we're only on the second
Thor movie and already they're doing the
yeah the subtitle I'm confused which one
came first Thor or Thor the dark world I
don't know
and now they're making Captain America
the Winter Soldier exactly you can't
have a number anymore
I miss numbers they put a number on it
put a number on it this look what
happened to Resident Evil you had 17
films and who the fuck knows what order
they go in which is really disappointing
because those movies are great and I
want to watch him in the correct order
as the the filmmakers envisioned
originally I mean Paul Thomas Anderson
yeah Paul Thomas Anderson when he made
his you know his resident evil eye
I have trailing off so Jay what did you
think of Thor to the dark world I
thought it was a goofy movie with a
gobbledygook plot and it gets sillier
and sillier as it goes along
is it self-aware silly Jay I'm not sure
it maybe maybe is because I actually
rewatched the first one in in
preparation for this one because I
hadn't seen it since it was in the
theater and that's a movie that
is played way too straight for what it
is and this movie feels a little looser
a little more self-aware where it's like
you know what nobody cares about Thor so
let's just throw in all sorts of weird
stuff and there's a lot of variety to
the visuals in this to the there's lots
of uh there's you know fantasy
landscapes and spaceships and alien
creatures and monsters and stellan
skarsgård ins underwear and and so
there's lots of neat visuals and things
going on to kind of keep your attention
because otherwise you'd spend the whole
movie wondering what the hell is
supposed to be happening yes I actually
really liked some of the the costumes
and the alien designs and it felt very
Lord of the Rings II well that's that's
something that stuck out to me because
in rewatching the first one I was
reminded of how Jin see that whole movie
looks I don't know if it's a case of
they didn't want to spend a lot of money
on the first Thor movie but it looks
like you know the fantasy world Asgard
world it just looks like one big cheap
set you know and then some CG
backgrounds this one feels more like a
actual sort of lived in no environment
you know the big disappointment is is
that stellan skarsgård never got to go
to ours guard uh yeah great great set
design great costumes the the opening
battle it very reminded me of Lord of
the Rings because when they tell the
story of the original ring and I'll they
chop the hand off and that whole battle
remember that yeah and the First Lord of
the Rings I do remember that it was sort
of like that's like ancient times there
were evil elves or Barbara Bron then
that's like neat neat and then yeah
there's so much visual fun in this movie
that the Rainbow Bridge lasers shooting
down and and I it actually followed
something that I may have said during
the first Thor movie or at least wished
for the next one was that um you know
like if you're going to do it another
Thor movie have it be a Thor plot where
the the Asgard city and aliens and
something where it doesn't really have
much to do with earth and most of that
you know followed along that line
now after a while I'm sitting there I'm
thinking like oh they haven't gotten
back to Earth at all maybe this is just
going to be a Thor adventure in space
with his people and his enemies out
there and that would be great
but they had the you know dredge Natalie
Portman out of the dumpster put her in
the film because they need that
connection and then that the girl from
two ugly girls or one see the two girls
one cup as wishes oh yeah oh yeah she
was in the first movie but she was on
nobody she was yeah I don't know if they
decided to beef up her role in this
movie because she's on a popular sitcom
now but she's very grating yeah yeah she
her and friend rusher should try to kill
each other with our voices
it was doubles and it has survived
I gave you my word I would return for
you
I guess let's uh I don't even know if we
should bother tying up the plot the plot
has lots of things happen and you sort
of wonder why they're happening yeah
there's like Natalie Portman is now in
Paris they're doing investigations or
whatever with her recent one London and
they find this old factory and she
accidentally goes through a portal to
another world and then there's the magic
flying kool-aid fruit punch that goes
into her body for some reason and then
somehow she ends up back on earth and
then Thor shows up and the people the
alien creatures the Prometheus monsters
that want the the fruit punch they they
try to get it out of her body
yeah and that's what happens in the
movie for some reason yeah because the
the Prometheus alien wants to take the
black goo and shoot it through all the
converging planets whenever you need a
sci-fi plot like a whipped up this this
big events going to happen in your
sci-fi film years ago some kind of
alignment of planets yeah and then
magical things happen and it always has
to result in in multiple universes being
destroyed or something shooting up into
the sky yeah which is just like the
Avengers movie except for this time they
didn't go with the blue laser shooting
up into the sky they went with goofy
smoke or mist or slime or something you
know yeah it's just like it's just a
bunch of silly shit I guess if comic
book fans out there know about these
plot lines that maybe they exist in the
comic book world where the nine
universes and the ancient elves want to
want to shoot black goo through a bunch
of holes in the sky if that's a thing
that's a thing whatever but it's a
really the definition of this movie is
weird stuff happens yeah yeah what you
know what is is appreciated from earth
or movie because the one thing I'll say
is that this is not as forgettable as
the first one
no when I rewatched the first one I
realized that I forgot almost everything
that happened in that movie yeah except
for the the Rainbow Bridge the magical
rainbow bridge but and a giant robot
monster it's
packing a New Mexico City that's like
all I remember yeah you gotta have a big
thing like Thor hits a rock monster in
the beginning and there's a an elf he
eats a rock or the the Prometheus alien
puts a burning Hawk hole inside his
belly oh yeah and he's like just keep
this in here he's I couldn't even put it
in my pocket did you have to put it in
my belly and so he sneaks it in dad's
guard and then when he takes the hot
coal out and squeezes it he turns into a
stronger creature that smashes everybody
and then I guess oh he his job there was
to knock out that glowing orange ball
that put a shield around the Emerald
City
so that all the health ships could fly
in yeah I could crash into it I also
everyone could get Natalie Portman yeah
so that someone could get the goo out of
Natalie Portman no it's stores job to
put the goo in Natalie Portman oh no one
really knows what's happening in the
filming not even Thor Thor Thor is like
he's like at the end of the film he's
just let me just boil everything down
I'm gonna I'm gonna trick the bad guy to
go to this empty field and I'm just
going to go and hit him with my hammer
because I don't understand what the fuck
is happening so I'm gonna just I'm just
going to steal a little time-traveling
floating ship and go to this other
planet and punch this guy because that's
kind of Thor's thinking yeah he doesn't
understand the science behind it all
natalie portman does for some reason
because she's a scientist she's a
scientist natalie portman is a scientist
hey she makes a more convincing
scientist than Denise Richards
face an enemy known only to a few known
only to one you must be truly desperate
to come to me for help
were you getting any uh Star Wars
prequel flashbacks in this movie oh I
did multiple times which I was not
expecting from a Thor film now really I
just mean the fantastical environments
that everyone's in the visuals of Asgard
there's a part when when Thor and
natalie portman are like right on the
lakefront and they're touching hands and
I was just thinking back to the I don't
like Sam's stuff us too and not really I
think the technology has advanced so
much where like what some of the parts
I'll admit like reminded me of the Star
Wars prequels like Asgardian capital
building with all the pillars yeah
that's what I'd like to look at that he
reminded me of what does it correspond
carrucan Khorasan
triskin Thor to was was a bit schlocky
it becomes bogged down in the stupid
plot for a while but then it starts
taking itself lighter
yeah like almost towards the end once
they get back to earth that's when it
was yeah it just was like whatever the
authorities like he's great for a fish
out of water humor like there's a part
where he comes into somebody's apartment
you know when you take Thor he's like
this God character and you put them in
real-world situations it's instant
comedy he hangs as his um hammer up on a
coat rack you have to you have to have
some levity in a movie that's about
black goo shooting through holes in
outer space yeah like towards the end of
the movie there stellan skarsgård
invented a bunch of rods with something
on them that disrupts or create temporal
vortexes or something and they're like
put them all around and somewhere except
for what look and then Natalie Portman
clearly says she goes when all this
stuff goes down it physics is just going
to go off the window which means there's
going to be a great fun action sequence
it makes no sense and it was fun like
cars were flying into different
dimensions and Thor's flying and
buildings are falling down and it wasn't
excessive
over-the-top explosions and violence it
was more clever mmm well there's more
visually exciting than just buildings
toppling over or cement so many times
yeah yeah it gets it gets comical and
weird yeah why do you think this movie
chose to devote so much time to stellan
skarsgård with no pants on
you think because these Marvel movies
all tie together you know they're always
like setting up characters in one movie
that show up in another do you think
that somehow stellan skarsgård
character ties in with Lars von Trier is
next movie nymphomaniac
Oh your bravery will not ease your pain
your family
we'll be extinguished the one thing I'll
give it is that it the relationship and
the dynamic between Thor and Loki yeah
it's been really strong in all those
Marvel movies and that's like it's kind
of nice because that's one sort of
emotional connection you have with this
movie is is those two and their dynamic
and and it pays off well in this movie I
thought yeah yeah that's a good element
I wish the I wish someone other than
Natalie Portman was in this but I wish
that element Thora's romance with a
human woman like yeah there's no
chemistry is just like cornball
unrealistic brilliant scientist the
theories and like and then of course
like it's her who gets caught up in this
this interdimensional plot yeah just get
completely rammed in their light and and
and then they don't seem to have any
charisma or chemistry and it's just like
man find a way to save this little
so Mike would you recommend Thor the
dark world I am probably I liked it I
liked it obviously not for the coherent
story right um but they're there like
you said there's some good character
dynamics um it's it's a good Marvel
movie it's not the top it's not the
bottom it's right in there and it's it's
really got some really nice special
effects really nice I like the look of
those those elf aliens especially when
he turns evil like he's a good-looking
evil character and that was fun
I think the overall creativity and
visual variety weird things happening
makes up for the dumbness yeah I would
agree it's it's the best approach to
take to a Thor solo movie because he's
like a second tier Marvel character yeah
and he's not charismatic and he's not
interesting
he's like Marvel's version is Superman
really he can do anything so who cares
right so they try and fill up the time
with with interesting side characters
and visuals or the best way to approach
it
yeah and there was some even though I
didn't care about black goo turning
galaxies into mush there was some some
heroic moments when you're rooting for
Thor and that's all you can ask for
so what was the deal with that teaser
during the credits of Thor - there's
like beneath del Toro with white hair oh
yeah I think he's the collector I don't
know who that is I don't know who any of
these characters are they're really
digging at the bottom of the barrel for
villains now I know because you two
ignored me
I couldn't get help in time and my
grandson choked to death
