May 24, 2013
Star Trek: Into Darkness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWLGH0VHUVs
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/337972076793192448
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151455266607634
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151462204172634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-star-trek-into-darkness

Half in the bag.
Everyone always complains about things on the internet.
all right picture check
button actuation check what's a safety
goggles good
well this one's back up and running
doesn't it feel good to actually be
working again no it doesn't cuz before
we're making money and not doing
anything that was clearly much better
yeah but now we're making money and
making a difference in people's lives
all these fucking weirdos can now watch
movies on a format with inferior sound
and picture quality than what's readily
available J before we were making money
and doing nothing that was clearly much
better you just said that what
hi picking up yeah okay just a minute so
how's the circus you mean the nightmare
of our empty soulless consumer-driven
Society no I meant the circus Jay tells
me you people are all circus clowns here
you go
that'll be $30 awesome I got 60 Kennedy
half-dollar coins if that's cool
okay thanks for getting it done so fast
I got this party I gotta go to sounds
totally lame I'm still going like a coin
collecting party you wish no some dude
is having a retro VHS party at his house
it's gonna be in a bad neighborhood and
I don't even know the dude but it's
gonna be pretty cool I mean lame anyway
thanks hey Jake take a look at this come
one come all to the ironic VHS viewing
party a gay time will be had by all
free PBR served until midnight BYO VCR
Harry
J do you know what the fuck this means
means that you can read yes but it also
means that mr. plinkus is trying to get
his hands on a working VCR he does that
it'll be the end of our scan for sure oh
my god have you seen star trek into
darkness you think your world is safe it
is an illusion enjoy these final moments
of peace
by now all of you heard what happened in
London man who did it
they're our top agents Star Trek The
Fast and the Furious is the second film
in the newly rebooted franchise by JJ
Abrams the movie is essentially the same
film is the first one
Kirk learns to be a leader Spock gets
emotional ahora and Spock have a lover's
quarrel and some guy wants revenge
things also blow up but this time things
are more blow up II so J what did you
think of star trek into darkness can we
just get a movie about bones can we can
we ditch all the dead weight and just
get a movie buy a proper screenwriter
about a grumpy space doctor there is a
TV show called bones you could just
watch that but that's not about a grumpy
old doctor is it house is about a grumpy
old doctor I'd rather watch an episode
of house I'm the most superficial level
possible there's some entertaining stuff
in this movie just like the first one
the cast is all really good there it's a
very well cast movie they play off each
other well there's some fun action the
problem is with everything else yeah
let me first off say this JJ Abrams can
make a movie
yes he is a a skilled action director
the movie moves along at a fast pace the
action set pieces are great especially
the ending the cast is is fun they do a
good job acting especially Simon Pegg
he's he's fun as Scotty he's a good
comic relief character and Karl Urban
Karl Urban as bone he for me was one of
the highlights of the bit yeah very
underused everyone else does that does
their job well I'm not sure if I liked
Quinto as Spock yet he always seems mean
or angry he does the the non emotion
thing as some sort of
mean anger like I see more of like an
angst maybe and you can attribute that
to their being there the young versions
of them but but Nimoy's um Nimoy's Spock
was was better and but Quinn Toth has a
different take on it and that's fine I
don't like Kirk in this no I don't like
we're on this the other ones are sort of
cartoon characters but other than that
you know the cast is fine the cast is
fun and and that's pretty much all there
is to say without getting into major
spoilers because the movie does the
advertising and the way that you think
things are going to happen don't happen
in the movie they could they take a lot
of the the things you might expect and
switch them up so we can't really
discuss more without saying beware of
spoilers after right now
well Jane now that we've gotten the
spoiler alert out of the way let's start
talking about the movie oh where to
begin
hey guys are you talking about star trek
into darkness cuz i just saw it
who are you I don't know who's that guy
I don't know is he homeless
shall we begin
so I guess you're gonna be joining us
with our Star Trek conversation yes I
dare you
you familiar with Star Trek I've heard
of it okay it's about pirates are you
qualified to discuss Star Trek with us
well I I used to be a movie reviewer for
the newspapers mm-hmm back before the
Internet what's a newspaper it's the
thing with paper you use it blind your
bird cage III will say I was kind of off
put by the movie like right from the
start really cuz I actually actually
liked the beginning I liked the first
quarter third of the movie
well the opening to me felt like like
what are the later seasons of a sitcom
that's been on just a little too long
where it's like the first line out of
McCoy is dammit Jim and then Spock says
something's illogical
and it's like everybody going through
the motions they give me the name of the
movie Star Trek going through the motion
it felt to me it felt like the whole
movie not just the opening but the
opening in particular it felt like like
a children's TV show or cartoon show
yeah just a random episode of yeah based
on a bigger thing yeah I'm feature film
like they made it like the Ghostbusters
cartoon show like they go on an
adventure were you a fan of the original
series at all I I can count the number
of episodes of all the different Star
Trek's that I've seen on one hand I am
NOT a Star Trek guy I just know the
movies the opening is is like a
character joke on Kirk's tendency to
blatantly violate the prime directive
okay he just steals some scroll that
they worship and runs away with in the
beginning and there's like episodes of
the original series were where Kirk goes
down to primitive planets and he starts
like reading people the Constitution
yeah I see Kirk was never that reckless
as reckless as people the movies like a
hyper exaggeration yeah well that's
every character yeah Kirk and in the
original series was very by-the-book you
know for the most part the the the idea
that he's this crazy renegade is mostly
from like Star Trek 3 and and Star Trek
4 when he was you know trying to save
Spock trying to resurrect Spock and he
steals the ship he knows this and then
and he violates all these rules but on
the TV show well that was my biggest not
quite so much yeah but you can argue
this is the young curve right yeah well
that was my biggest problem with this
movie I think was that I was wondering
White Star Fleet even has ranks since
nobody obeys orders ever in this movie
especially Kirk the whole movie is
someone saying Captain Kirk we shouldn't
do this thing that you want to do
because this bad thing will happen as a
result and him just saying whatever
we're doing it anyway evacuated the
device captain when the countdown is
complete the reaction
should render the volcano in earth well
let me ask you they use cold fusion to
to stop the volcano cold fusion does not
work that way right
no cold fusion is a way of generating
heat but the audience knows the word
cold so that's like they could've just
come up with some sort of random sci-fi
thing and said this is the device
that'll stop the book he could have
called it a cry on fire sure whatever
but the audience has heard of cold
fusion so I guess we'll call it that I
get the point of the opening the point
of the opening you got to boil things
down sometimes and you can't get overly
concerned with the details but boil it
down Spock was gonna sacrifice himself
blah blah blah and then that happens
later in the film it's a role reversal
and it's the thing that's the thing
vodka yeah I I saved your life swap and
then at the end uh you saved my life not
to get it that was the point of the
movie yeah but um the Spock is like
hollering about the prime directive such
action violates the prime directive shut
up Spock we're trying to save you damn
it la la blah blah blah but the whole
mission was a violation of the prime
directive you have this primitive
culture and the volcano is gonna kill
them all
like Star Trek prime directive says that
you can't interfere with that it's a
natural progression of the planet if we
can determine the cause of these
geological disturbances we might be able
to reverse the process violate the prime
directive like Picard was ready to let
that whole planet die it's possibly
something that Spock was going along
with because Kirk ordered him to when
Spock probably would have filed a report
either way yes but he kept mentioning
prime directive prime directive prime
directive and and you know they I think
they threw that in there because people
heard it and that's he'd let you die
so so let's continue on there we have
our action opening for action action
purposes it feels like an Indiana Jones
opening yes yeah a previous adventure
that they're on and then it kicks off
the movie but the point was that Kirk
saved Spock's life and stuck his neck
out for him his fuck didn't care because
he's an emotionless Vulcan except for
when he's not except for no reason
except for when he's highly irritated
angry or crying right
he's an emotional assault which is all
the time which is all the time so that's
the opening and then we get into the
plot Jay what's the plot the kickoff to
the story is a guy blows up a building
dig off in search of him and then they
discovered apply from there and I
appreciate that it was a little simpler
than just planets being destroyed
everywhere because that's what I was
expecting they would just blow their wad
because every movie has to be huge now
so it's basically they go off in search
of this guy they discover there's more
to the story than they thought and
that's basically it and it's relatively
simple in that regard see I thought Star
Trek 2009 was it a simple story it's
yeah I would say I'm less of a story
than this one I mean it's basically guy
wants revenge wants to blow up planets
of people he hates right enterprise has
to stop him and it's just a framework to
hang an enterprise origin story all
right Oh point the movie is to get Kirk
and the captain's chair yeah no one in
darkness it doesn't have that it's in
their origin is taken place and now you
need a more complicated story and I I
think they drop the ball I think the
story is just excuse for things to
happen it's just things well what I was
thinking of during the movie I don't
believe what twist and other plot twists
and the problem with the movie is the
script completely the script because it
looks nice the actors are good but I was
watching it and it felt like they came
up with all these set pieces or things
they wanted to have happen like here we
want to have a reference to Wrath of
Khan here we want to have them shooting
through space and having to go into that
little entranceway you know like they
came up with all these things they
wanted to put into it and then play
connect the dots with the story as
opposed to writing a good story if you
were going to say what is star trek into
darkness about I would say I don't know
it's about two hours long
it almost felt like a Mission Impossible
movie or some sort of like action
diehard thriller type thing where it's
like the bad guy as the switcheroo
and he's gonna do this and then he's
hidden this in the missiles and and it
has the the bad guy got caught on
purpose which has been like I've given
that a pass with like Skyfall and what
else was that it and recently the
Avengers did that I think the Dark
Knight is what sort of kicked that off
being and everything but they do it in
this and it's like all right I've had
enough of this okay
I'm actually shocked the III didn't
think they'd do it having somebody
screamed calm no I I left out loud when
they did that and that's what really for
me I was thinking like that original
sequence in Wrath of Khan he goes calm
that's like an iconic thing not just in
Star Trek but in pop culture at this
point and then you have this movie
that's rehashing everything and it's
like you're not gonna make don't you
interested in creating your own iconic
moments like doing something original
Hollywood is is like big these days
they're not interested in appealing to a
niche audience you you talked to most
people and you just mentioned Star Trek
and they go and they they don't want to
have anything to do with it and and the
studio doesn't want to spend whatever
they spend on this 190 million you have
to them they don't want to spend 190
million to make 185 million this so they
they want China's money they they I mean
I don't I don't think a blockbuster is
considered a blockbuster unless it makes
one billion dollars globally yeah so
they're they're never going to make
another Star Trek movie again
we're outnumbered outgunned
no idea what I'm supposed to do the
problem the problem with fandom is they
care more about branding than they do
substance yeah that's definitely the
case it says Star Wars here's my money
yeah it says spider-man here's my money
and we have to look at it from we can't
just say well they didn't make a
sporting Star Trek movie you know we
have to look at it from both sides well
I'm looking at it from the perspective
I'm familiar with the original movies
and I saw all the Wrath of Khan stuff
from that but I was just watching this
as a movie and as a movie I just thought
it was so sloppy and lazy as far as the
writing goes it's in the right hands as
far as the director goes yeah it's in
the wrong hands as far as the writers go
because they are plugging in references
they're making a big dumb action movie
and I'm not naive enough to think that
they're gonna make Star Trek the motion
picture again she's never gonna know
yeah yeah but you can have an action
Star Trek movie with better writing
right and that's the major problem it's
like the same with like the Transformers
movies like there it's just shit yeah
thrown up on the screen for reference
purposes for branding for people
although having that moment oh it's Khan
ooh he screamed Khan just like them you
know the Klingons they've heard of
Klingons a part of tribbles and they
just throw all that stuff on there
throw a thin plot about action and
betrayal and revenge and everyone's
family and blah blah blah blah blah and
and then just market it and sell it
yeah but you know I think there have
been other movies like the Jim the new
James Bond movies like where they're a
little sleek sleeker they're better
written and well they're they're
interested in trying to tell a story
even if it ends up being kind of sloppy
like people might say well how could you
give a pass to Iron Man 3 it's full of
plot holes but not like this movie and
the differences they were trying to do
something with and that's actually the
biggest thing to point out for me was
the reveal of Caan in this because a lot
of people were really upset about the
Mandarin reveal in Iron Man 3 and to me
that's the big difference between this
movie in that movie is is Iron Man 3
like they knew when they were doing that
that it would piss off a lot of people
people that are really into the comics
really into the Mandarin but they had
the balls to try something different and
as someone that's not into the comic
books I saw that as a clever twist on
the type of thing you see in movies like
that like oh that's that's creative I
wasn't expecting it and then in this
movie they'd say my name is
don't-don't-don't Khan and anyone that's
not familiar with Star Trek is gonna go
what does that mean and anyone that is
familiar with Star Trek is gonna say so
what's the point of that and and in the
context of the movie Kirk and Spock
should have said okay okay
yeah it's it's yeah there's no purpose
to it on a storytelling level as opposed
to the Mandarin reveal in Iron Man 3
you
so we know why the movie exists it
exists to make a whole bunch of money
and appeal to mass audiences let's talk
about the plot now and you had said
something to me before about how fast
the plot moves yeah this movie is like a
like a magic trick where it's like
they're they're distracting you over
here so you don't think about how
nothing really makes much sense rich
Evans what was the plot of this movie
other than Caan one for that the plot
going in detail the plot of the movie is
is terrorists blows up building as an
excuse to assassinate a bunch of
Starfleet captains as a pretext to send
Kirk on a mission to assassinate him so
they could shoot missiles at him but the
missiles have frozen people in them for
some reason that was a story element
that was so bizarre that I thought it
was amusing actually an idea of frozen
people inside these missiles well what
Marcus Admiral Marcus didn't know they
were inside even though who did not know
because because terrorists man put the
people in the missiles yes
so he can surrender to the enterprise
and reveal he's Khan so that the Admiral
can show up and shoot at the enterprise
so that Kirk and Khan can team up to
shoot people
so that Khan can betray Kirk so that
Spock can trick Khan into putting
missiles with people on them on the ship
to blow up so that enterprise can crash
and blow up and then fight Admiral
Marcus haimerl Robocop Admiral Robocop
he he got worried because Romulans from
the future blew up Vulcan and blow up
all the Starfleet ships so he says we
need to have a militarized Starfleet but
politically that's not going to fly so
because of that Starfleet ships were
looking around the galaxy that makes no
sense but as a flimsy excuse things they
explain in one line like so we went
searching for things yes and so they
found Conn floating on a ship I guess
they somehow knew they were superhumans
but I guess so they wake up just one
they just wake up calm coincidentally it
happens to be calm
Oh incidentally have
become the wake-up Khan and say Khan
you're smart supermen
I guess you also know how to build an
incredibly advanced starship because you
know with your knowledge of technology
that's 300 years old I can't think of a
more perfect person to build a modern
day super ship yes you have a superior
intellect so build us a super ship and a
whole bunch of super missiles and Khan
says ok I'll do that in exchange for
waking up my crew and killing all of you
and then they agree but Khan obviously
thinks that they're going to actually do
that the superior intellect doesn't you
know warrant him the ability to realize
the Admiral probably will double-cross
them no nobody can detect that in this
movie with any other care No so Khan
builds the ship and then they say go
away now kai I don't know what happened
to him it makes no sense
then Khan has a magic ring that will
when you drop it in a glass of water
will blow up like a huge explosion so
instead of using a superior intellect
and physical ability to set up the bomb
himself because the purpose of setting
off the bomb was to assemble the senior
Starfleet guys so that Khan could get
revenge on them for not waking up his
friends right right yes so he somehow
just hangs around the hospital and then
this this guy was poor guy whose
daughter's dying Khan has the magic
blood that will save this daughter so he
puts it in a machine he says here guy
I'll save your daughter if you drop this
magic ring into a glass of water and
blow up something this is the secret
base of section 31 yeah so the guy
agrees to do it the Khan saves his
daughter and then even though he just
saved his daughter the guy could've
called the police and said yeah he blows
up the building after the fact he blows
up the building after the fact usually
to be Farah Khan could have killed his
daughter if they did that Khan could
have also set off the bomb himself yes
he could concrete you know I was the
only reason Khan didn't set off the bomb
himself was so they could introduce the
magic life better that's the only reason
that's in the movie yeah so yeah so in
order to set up things they're shoved in
without consequence or without logic
right so then they blow up the Records
hall which wasn't really a record hall
it was the secret base in order to
assemble the senior staff so that Khan
could assassinate them
for the purpose of revenge because they
didn't wake up his friends after he
helped them right well I think Kahn was
actually trying to trick them into
firing the missiles at the Klingon
homeworld because the missiles he
secretly put his ok his own crew members
on the missile so I think that was a it
was a smart kind of plot II tricky thing
to do but how did he know that they were
going to fire the missiles and why
didn't he just take the missiles yeah
what if yeah I'm saying at least they
they may have tried something clever
there like the missiles were a delivery
system did Conn disable the explosive
component that makes no sense
that does make no sense then he disabled
but I think well he didn't want his
friends to blow he says the point of
putting them in the missiles though was
to smuggle oh yeah so I think he wanted
to smuggle his people under until the
whole world I think the water I think
the original excuse was that they would
shoot the missiles at Klingon homeworld
and then if people who would be on he'd
wake them all up and then they declare
asylum with the Klingons if these are
super missiles what were they really
going to shoot 72 exactly or just one I
thought they were just gonna shoot one I
know
and so Khan Khan isn't very smart
nobodies varies to be fair he's not very
smart in the Wrath of Khan either where
Kirk does knows basic tricks and Khan
fall that's true that's true yeah
I'm not sure that qualifies
I watched you murder innocent men and
women I will make you answer for what
you did rich Evans was there a point in
the movie where they they they said two
bones all these people in the crowd
tubes are all supermen like common
that's what I was curious about because
I was thinking at the end when they're
chasing Khan and they're like we need
him we need his blood is like what about
the other 72 people yeah oh I'm trying
to remember if if the 72 people were
just followers I'm saying that they're
all enhanced I think that's the thing
though this movie it's like the dialogue
moves so fast and it's just trying to
get past it but you can't keep track of
anything I can I can I can kind of buy
bones wanting Khan alive because even if
they are the other 72 are genetically
engineered the only one that bones no
knows for sure it's the only one he
tests the ring back the dead is Khan
yeah cuz he tested the blood well
luckily death is not a problem now
in this universe no no I expect to see
12 resurrection I was actually really
curious how they're gonna work around
that in the next movie they'll come over
some bullshit excuse as to why that
isn't uh he knew something I'd love it
if there's like the contraption and
con's strapped to it and just all day
long they're siphoning off his blood so
they could send it to hospitals
well to be fair he does he strapped to a
wall saying kill me to be fair I think
death by murder or electrocution or
phaser blast probably Khan's blood
wouldn't help it was the fact that he
was irradiated so maybe death by a raid
radiation is no longer a problem that's
the only thing that it'll solve you get
a blood transfusion um well how did of a
triple die okay okay
I think even no tribbles had human blood
well it's magic blood you can sprinkle
it on anything it's it's dumb script
writing blood Corey's blood into a
toaster in the toaster we'll start
hopping around I actually feel really
bad that I didn't even think about that
so you just mention that the trivia that
they're putting in human blood
there's so much of this movie that
you're just like it's overwhelming I
didn't mind that the ending I like the
the warp core it's different it's
different it's not the clean tube with
the it's it's more grittier and more
Star Wars II with all the technical
connections and stuff and he's kicking
it and it's I like that the point of it
all you know details aside
self-sacrifice save the ship and but the
thing is it's like we've seen that movie
already it was called Star Trek to the
Wrath of Khan and you'd have your first
Star Trek 2009 fine but now do something
different
yeah not doing fanservice stop borrowing
ideas stop borrowing the exact same
storyline put your own little twists on
it whatever but we need a new story you
need a new plots we need these
characters to do new things
and and the tired it's starting to get
tired the the only thing up there only
trick up their sleeve as far as the
characters go is that we're a family and
family works together and we're Kirk and
Spock are best friends there's nothing
else that they can do there's nothing
like how about something really
complicated character wise but they've
they've when when you take complicated
characters and you boil them down to
cartoon characters that's what they did
in the first one yeah and that's what
you're left with James Kirk is a hothead
who learns to lead he did in the first
one in this one does that Spock is an
emotionless guy who learns to be
emotional at the right time and it in
the first one he does it in this role of
Spock Scotty is wacky bones is there
bones is there bones bones says his his
his corny line he's grumpy and grumpy
and so now we've boiled them down to
cartoon characters you you can't build
them beyond that so every movie will be
about we're best friends
Turki and why are Kirk and Spock best
friends anyways because general audience
has heard of Kirk and Spock in these
movies
if the entire legacy or cannon of Star
Trek didn't exist and just these two
movies existed Kirk would hate Spock and
Uhura would have no reason to fall in
love with Spock Spock is a big asshole
in this movie and Kirk is as a hothead
college jock guy who runs around
screaming and everyone's yelling and
those two would not be best friends
there's no reason for them to Kirk dying
in the thing Spock would just go okay
he's crying and he's screaming like my
biggest thoughts my two biggest thoughts
through this movie were why do you Spock
and Kirk like each other and why is Kirk
not been kicked out of Starfleet yet no
idea what you've done
I will walk over your cold corpses
can we talk about the stupid scene with
old Spock no oh you want to talk about
the stupid scene with old Spock
sure let's talk about that scene I I
felt Leonard Nimoy said that he was
never going to play Spock again after
the first one they also said that Khan
wasn't the villain in this one so III
think these people are just liars
you know what happened even if Leonard
Nimoy said that and he meant it they
took one of those bags of cash and just
dropped it in front of him they said
okay can we film it on the Skype what do
you mean that sweet fare was probably
about two hours of work on his part just
sits there they filmed it in his home -
that's what it looked like I was like
the biggest show up is how is them put
the camera right this face yeah you
don't even put the ears on but what does
that guy need cash for he's like 89
years old what does he need a bigger
headstone so the point of that scene is
the movie has done such a poor job of
setting up how bad Khan is supposed to
be that they have to bring back old
Spock since directly addressed the
audience and say trust me he's a bad guy
but I rewatched Wrath of Khan after this
and he's not like the worst thing like
he's a bad guy but they treat it like
and it's because the audience is
familiar with Khan he's the most famous
Star Trek villain well now he's he's
hyper-charged Khan's
right but the best part about it is is
Khan or Spock says he's like I'm not
supposed to tell you anything about the
future and but what you may experience
on your own but whatever and they just
explains it anyway I remember that in
the last one Tori's comes off like a
doddering old fool is just like
recklessly saying all these things about
the future it annoyed me that that Spock
would have thought to call himself to
ask about that in the first place I mean
as far as he's concerned Khan is just a
nobody you're heading years ago he just
met why would he assume that the old
Enterprise also had an adventure where
they ran into Khan because they wanted
to put Leonard Nimoy in the body yeah
also it's been clearly established how
powerful Khan is in this new movie what
else and what other information is he
hoping to get like an Achilles heel like
Khan will die instantly if you say these
magic words
well the thing is there is no point of
that scene they don't learn anything new
he's a bad guy okay thanks Leonard Nimoy
other than other the strictly fan
service throwing an old Spock and going
look it's buggy because everyone goes
yeah yeah if people clapped when he came
on-screen yeah
people gasp when they heard calm did
they when you saw it didn't people gasp
risk-on yeah yeah and then um I was like
the minute the minute
Kirk punched him twice he didn't fall
over I'm like oh he's Khan yeah of
course but I mean audiences don't know
Khan was a Superman they just know Khan
was a bad conditions know the name no
the original Khan wasn't even a Superman
like that and even know he was a
eugenics experiment but he wasn't an
x-man in the original space seed Kirk
just beets caught up at the end
it takes a claw but it just starts
hitting Khan
and this one con single-handedly takes
out an entire platoon of Klingons yeah
what did you guys think of Benedict the
Cabbage Patch whatever oh my god
Benedict Cumberbatch he's an actor that
nobody knew who he was a year ago but
now everybody pretends that they've been
fans of him for years it's very bizarre
III a lot of people seem to like him in
this movie I thought he was serviceable
I didn't really do anything that struck
me is terribly like threatening or he's
fine he's fine he's no Ricardo Montalban
no but no there's there's not that like
Flair you know he's just like generic
guy you know they're very different
characters yeah which is almost like
again why make him con mostly a name
only yeah yeah this this con is like a
psychopath serial killer con the Contra
cara de Montalban con is like flamboyant
egotistical I'm better than you but
Ben's shirts openly yeah like you're
worse we're superior beings yeah this
superior beings instead of in a
character way it just translates into
physically being superior yeah and
that's the part of the dumbness of the
script cons the danger of Congress is
like superior confidence and his
superior ego and his brashness and is
willing to do anything and that's kind
of what made him a more of an
interesting villain this con is just you
can punch me a hundred times and I won't
I
this Humberto cabbage patch his he's
more Hannibal Lecter than he is Ricardo
I was thinking of some some Lions during
the parts where they've got a behind
glass yeah I can't tell you how much I
hate emerald that's what the movie
completely fell apart with me when he
comes in and he's got the giant starship
the minute I saw the giant starship I'm
like oh we're doing that again yeah
because that's that's every Star Trek
movie now they did it nemesis they did
it in 2009 well how are you supposed to
show that the bad guys threat unless he
has a bigger ship that was one of the
cool things about the Wrath of Khan
though there were Wyatt is actually a
weaker ship than the enterprise
and and Khan takes advantage of the
situation with his cunning mm-hmm he
best Kirk with an inferior ship and
that's that's just great yeah this is
just like the bully ship comes in and
we're gonna have the boss fight because
the audience can very easily see oh
they're bad because they've got the
bigger scarier ship Jay are you
suggesting that these screenwriters
wrote this film to appeal to dumb masses
yes
after ripping off the dramatic ending of
the Wrath of Khan with all of the
emotions and the drama they really
needed a stupid foot chase where people
punch each other well it's also it's
Spock yes it's just Spock punching a guy
or eat idli well who's it gonna push the
next one what what do they get him
dredge up from just all job woody where
do you go wow do you think it's possible
they'll bring in like the Borg or
something no series digger Borg cube
yeah it's gonna be the super board cubes
could be the size of the earth rich
that's way too small it's the size of
the solar system it's gonna Mac planets
it's gonna suck planets up but we're
gonna be assimilating the Sun yeah
they'll bring the doomsday machine man
the big ice cream cone yeah yeah that
thing but it's gonna have like moving
parts no it's gonna have a giant mouth
that eats things it'll be real yeah I
don't know what that is right off the
bat so they won't put that in there a
comforting lie told to protect you enjoy
these final moments of peace
but I have returned to have my vengeance
and then the movie ends they all put on
nazi uniforms and the movie ends well
then it cuts to a year later and they're
doing a memorial for all the people that
died I guess is what that's for
and then Kirk Kirk you know even a year
later there's no mention of the the
looming threat of a Klingon war no no
and Kirk also mentions that we we
shouldn't give in to senseless vengeance
and that's what everybody did that's how
they won the day actually yeah
dead sucker she's gone
no she's not if you're to explain to a
layman like everyone will say well of
course it's Star Trek
it has Kirk and Spock and the Star Trek
Enterprise in it what is the difference
between old Star Trek and new Star Trek
not without saying this has more better
special effects or action what's the
difference
actual science fiction where the
enterprise would run across strange
phenomena since phenomena like
interesting science fiction twist on
something Star Trek classic Star Trek is
also about politics it's a bit heavier
than the action shallowness yeah I would
say it's it's not like we're looking
back and at all the Star Trek it's not
all totally cerebral right you know
there's a lot of silly episodes here and
there but overall it's about it's a show
like people just say the Star Trek is
boring search looks boring but and you
don't want to be that person that goes
Luther look cool it's not stirring I'm
not mad that the new movies not Star
Trek I'm mad that the new movie is a
unengaging action film but I do judge it
as an action film yeah well that's
that's my problem it's like you want to
make Star Trek an action thing like
appeal to a different audience now okay
can we at least have a coherent story
out of that the story failed to make me
care about what happened to these people
yeah yeah it's it's a problem with
establishing the characters making them
into cartoon characters but it's the
lack of um I think it's it's the lack of
just general like a general morality
story I mean that's pretty pretty much
yeah pretty much what Star Trek is in
the future like Gene Roddenberry's
vision in the future is that everyone
gets along not with the not with alien
races but humans we all get along we all
work together and and we all abide by
this code of ethics or or this these
moral decisions we have to make and
that's usually what most of the shows
were about being presented with some
sort of moral dilemma and having to deal
with it and that's why next-gen was good
because there's numerous episodes like
that like the data measure of a man
where Picard has to kind of make these
choices and and I think that's that's
what Star Trek fans and ethics yeah well
there's probably a way to incorporate
those elements into a broader bigger
action movie but nobody has any interest
in doing that they have an interest in
remember Conn remember tribbles here
they are and now here's splosions well
because the connections to classic Trek
are just on the most superficial level
right it has none of the meat and
potatoes of what made Star Trek Star
Trek I mean it's pretty if you want to
see colorful things that's a good movie
if that's all you want so you just want
to see colorful things and well well
filmed explosions and well filmed action
but none of it means anything yeah none
of it really leads to anything then
you're gonna enjoy it I guess
no ship should go down without a captain
so Jay after talking about Star Trek the
best and the Furious for over two hours
now would you recommend this film no if
all you want to see if you want to just
sit in a comfy air-conditioned movie
theater and see some action maybe
because it does look nice it's a
good-looking movie and the action is
well-executed but if you want anything
beyond that then absolutely not yeah I
see I would probably say go see it
they're all that I it's it's really
difficult for me because it's it's a
thing that exists you know old Star Trek
still exists and and it's like yes it's
not Star Trek it's not a plot about some
moral decision or ethics or something
really detailed politically with Star
Trek universe it's a it's a really dumb
action movie really dumb but you get to
see the enterprise blow up and crash and
fall into the sky and things blow up
that's a fun ride yes studio yes I'll
take that check now sir would you
recommend this film well I just like to
say you know while I have everybody's
attention and I have an audience I just
want to say that 9/11 was an inside job
9/11 was an inside job if you want to
learn more go to 9/11 preserve the truth
slash 9/11 was an inside job org or like
me on Facebook preserves the truth
Wow do you think his whole reason for
sitting here and talking about the Star
Trek with us was just an excuse to give
his website address I think so I believe
in you Jim
what are you doing back there what
what's that
what's whiskey know that oh this well
this is the lamest movie ever I mean
Jeff who lives at home yes what no not
technically this is actually a fake tape
you know the microwave in the back you
mean the one I used to cook my lunch in
every single day yes that one well I
smashed it in a million pieces because
inside every microwave is something
called a magnetron so I augmented this
VHS into a WMD I'm not following
let's just say we're gonna crash
blankets
little party
I literally use that microwave every day
we can get another micro
