Jan 23, 2013
The Last Stand and A Haunted House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zi7_r80uwn8
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/294307364956413954
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/481601908568556
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-last-stand-and-a-haunted-house

Half in the bag.
Fuck movies.
hello and welcome to half in the bag I'm Jay and
I'm Mike and we just saw the last stand
oh sure
almost didn't recognize you in plain
clothes wasn't a day off
should be quite a weekend we have a
situation
the last stand is a new action film
starring an old leather skinned corpse
the premise is simple a small-town
sheriff and a few of his officers are
the last chance to stop a dangerous drug
cartel guy from escaping across the
border and back into Mexico the moral of
the story stay true to your convictions
revenge is always okay and shoot guns
everywhere why not Mike what did you
think of the last movie we saw The Last
Stand was forgettable to me it was
forgettable there wasn't really much
that kind of engaged me any kind of
characters I didn't really care for
Swartz and Edgar's character hmm have
you ever cared for a Schwarzenegger
character though in a movie no not
counting the Terminator movies maybe no
but old Schwarzenegger movies had real
explosions and violence yeah in those
regards this was better than those awful
Expendables movies for me I enjoyed the
movie more than I thought I would I kind
of pictured it it's a shame we saw in
the theater because it was picturing it
like the type of movie that we watched
when we have a group of friends over and
we're just like constantly yelling at
the screen during the boring parts like
come on get out of it and then cheering
during the horrible stupid action and
bad comedy and it felt like one of those
sort of like fun bad movies to me it's
hampered a bit by the fact that it does
have some digital blood explosions
bloodfarts
it and the movies logic the human body
is filled with the red mist that
vanishes yeah I think that was actual it
was weird it was confusing because there
was a mix of unlike the Expendables
movies especially Expendables 2
where every blood spurt is a very
obvious cheap plug in effect this one
felt like it did have some actual plug
yeah I'm sure it did I don't know I
think I feel cheated when I go to see an
action movie and you could tell the
gunfire is fake and all the blood
splatters are fake it's like when you go
watch is like like a horror movie and
the blood splatters are fake that's what
you go to watch the movies for I go to
watch an action movie for action and
some of it I mean some of it was okay I
mentioned to you the there's a chase
scene at the end shorts a nigger is
chasing the drug cartel guy they were
having a car chase through a cornfield
and you know some a lot of it looked
them digitally enhanced and I could be
wrong completely I don't know but I'm
thinking if you drive a car through a
cornfield and you're running the camera
over it and it's like I look super
exciting and I could tell like a lot of
it looked fake like the tires are
kicking up extra dust extra debris
flying up and all that looked kind of
phony to me
see I didn't notice that I definitely
noticed the end action then fistfights
scene where it looked like the room when
they're on the roof Oh room Greensburg
and all that all that bridge stuff
looked like completely green screened
why would it need to be I do because
they don't want to shoot on a real high
bridge but you don't have to you just
put the bridge on the ground and fill my
eye level yeah everything you have to
film outside here you can film the nice
comfy warm studio I guess I wasn't as
bad as the end of the Twilight movie
were there no see not running around a
frozen no and that's the frustrating
thing about this movie is that I would
have liked it more if there were more
practical stuff but like you mentioned
the the the cornfield chase scene I
liked that idea I liked that as an
action sequence and there were real cars
in it and there were real cars smashing
into other real cars and I liked all of
that stuff I thought it was fun though
he takes a long time to get going the
first half of it was like I don't care
about these FBI guys like just get the
the the villains into the small town and
have people shoot at each other
that's what it got fun
we've got a cartel with heavy firepower
headed towards a boil and there's a
strong chance they're coming your way
I've seen enough blood and death I know
what's coming
Schwarzenegger plays a small-town
Sheriff and and the FBI is taking a drug
cartel guy too but they're moving him
from one location to another any escapes
and they fail at numerous attempts to
recapture him so Schwarzenegger small
town of something-something Arizona
right on the border of Mexico's last
stand before this guy gets back into
Mexico dangerous drug cartel guy man he
shot a loving FBI character that we know
for 15 minutes so and drug cartels are
genuinely bad even though I love drugs
well and you got to get drugs from
somewhere so I really actually don't
mind drug cartels and I kind of hoped he
would get back into Mexico and continue
to move drugs across the border because
I mean where are you gonna get it I
guess we were supposed to care that he
got across the border and I guess we
were supposed to care that
Schwarzenegger stopped him we were
supposed to care because the movie gave
us five minutes to like a cop named
Jerry who had dreams of getting out of
the small town into the big city that
was our only motivation and that's what
I mean by by kind of by the numbers
predictable script because because they
start the movie off and choix there's
there's a lot of conveniences all over
the place
Schwarzenegger used to be he's not just
a bumbling small-town sheriff he used to
be a narcotics guy in Los Angeles who
did this big drug bust yeah convenient
the guy in their prison cell is the
boyfriend of one of the cops and he he
used to be an Iraq war vet or he is an
Iraq war vet now he's got a drinking
problem no and he causes problems in the
small town so yes he's going to prove
himself and be used in the end when they
need people to help stop the drug cartel
oh and then Johnny Knoxville plays a
kooky guy and anytime you have a kooky
guy in a movie they've got to wear the
hat
your things I thought Johnny Knoxville
was very effective as in a very sort of
subtle and insensitive performance of a
mentally challenged person so he this
character conveniently has an arsenal in
in his barn because he likes gun so Wow
is that gonna come into play later and
see you're saying all these things as if
they're negative in a movie like this no
it's a fine fine script yeah it's by the
numbers like I said it's it's fine but
you know that's not the payoff for me
the being invested in the stories and
the payoff it's the action and I thought
the action was just subpar just supports
and Egger looks like a very very old man
yes and and now you know we talked about
this before like there was there's three
periods of Schwarzenegger early period
which which ended in kind of the the
when he's in the downslope of his action
career with movies like end of days
collateral damage when it's like okay
it's getting tired you're getting old
then he becomes the Governor of
California that's Phase two and now he's
back and it's a nostalgia thing yeah and
third phase is nostalgia so it's like
okay yeah he's a hundred and eight years
old or whatever and he looks incredibly
awkward when he's firing the Gatlin gun
like Helen Mirren firing again I'm gonna
grab a Grandpa's fire in the machine
these are all the reasons I like this
movie it's like a guilty pleasure bad
movie I have to say his acting is
hilariously bad yeah yeah it's gotten
much worse and they start from a good
place to begin with well that's what's
funny is he's such an interesting movie
star B and I would call him a movie star
he's not an actor he's a movie star in
like the traditional sense of like
everybody knows who he is there's very
distinct traits about him that everybody
knows and everybody likes him but he's
never ever been any good it's not a tuma
but they cook it down give this people
air but he has some sort of charisma or
something that you're drawn to
even though he is old in this movie it
was still sort of nice to see that in a
way where it wasn't precious like it
wasn't this whole movie was very sort of
stripped down kind of an old-school sort
of eighty style action movie without it
being self-conscious about it or or
really playing up the the cheap easy
precious nostalgia like those god-awful
Expendables movies
let that guy comes to our town you know
to fight
very nice
are you sure oh I don't know what I was
supposed to get out of this movie it was
not fun it was just a movie I had a lot
of fun in the second half the first half
was boring as shit once the action
started I had fun because one it's fun
seeing Arnold Schwartzenegger old insane
these will all to catch Freight the
attempts at catchphrases in this movie
and the template comedy were horrible in
a way that was charming to me like they
have the old lady that jokes it's like a
groaner you know things like that we
have all these these wonderful character
actors doing really bizarre performances
like Peter Stormare as the the second
main bad guy like what was that accent
what was he doing it was like foreign
but with us like American southern twang
like I don't know what he was trying to
do and that was amusing Louise Guzman
shooting people with an Uzi was I hated
me or Tommy gun sorry Harry Dean Stanton
shows up to be old and cranky because
that's what Harry Dean Stanton does
these days yeah all these things I
thought the movie was cute I wish we
weren't watching in the theaters so I
could laugh out loud at the village if
I'm supposed to be Lonnie did you find
it funny bad I only found like I found
it not not funny bad in the way that a
movie like you know the room is just
completely an absurd I found it funny
and how sort of like simple it was if
that makes sense
where it's like all these all these
tropes all these strips that you don't
see anymore because most movies are so
overblown yeah inflated self-conscious
or they're just like superhero movies
every action movie is about people
trying to save the world and and there's
a nice simplicity to the fact that this
movie ends with just two guys fist
fighting yeah I liked that I liked those
aspects of the movie a lot I might be
building the movie up more than it
should because it's not a great movie
but it was sort of refreshing and how
sort of simple and dumb it was I see I
didn't I guess I couldn't tell if if
they were going for like cute nostalgia
kind of stuff like with with the old
lady with
um the people that refused to leave the
coffee shop I'm like is it are they is
it a genuine attempt at humor or is it a
genuine attempt at nostalgia kind of
action movie stuff I don't know it all
fell flat for me well one thing to note
in in regards to the tone and what it
was trying to do is we should mention
that the film was directed by a South
Korean filmmaker named and this is his
first american movie he made a really
great movie called I saw the devil if
you haven't seen it it's a really good
server venge movie violent revenge film
a horror film called the tale of two
sisters it's really good quit title
dropping your neck bearded hipster is
that what you are when you recommend
good movies yeah that automatically
makes you a hipster yeah I don't
understand these things I just like
watching movies that don't suck continue
I don't know I kind of get the vibe like
when we talk about a movie like Russian
Terminator where it's like a foreign
person trying to make an american-style
action movie I kind of see this as being
you know this director has probably seen
all the 80s action movies all the old
Schwarzenegger movies is trying to make
a movie like that so I would say it's a
it's a sincere attempt at making kind of
an older stripped-down action movie I
add comedy and all it looks like nothing
sensational
it just looks people in a car action
shots people firing there is nothing
that I thought there was a lot more
energy to the action scenes that you
could follow than a lot of action movies
nowadays it's not the shaky-cam we've
we've complained about that a lot you
know what's happening and I don't know
the only thing that took away from some
of the impact of it was the the CG Gore
yeah like there's a one moment that
would be wonderful in another movie
where a guy explodes his alarm comes
down and flops around but it was very
obviously too easy yeah and it takes you
out of it a bit I don't know I I mean I
don't think the action scenes were that
well done in that you know just it just
looked like a generic like made-for-tv
movie there was nothing sensational or
exceptional about this movie hmm
in any way it was
it was a acceptable action movie I
watched it
I've got nothing out of it speaking of
blah we should mention that the
actresses in this movie all look exactly
the same they do every single female
character in this movie looked like the
same actress mmm
there's the FBI lady that's in the car
with the drug cartel guy the waitress in
town and the one female cop
especially the waitress on the cop as
like does she work part-time at the
diner and then part-time as a cop
but then it turned out it was two people
maybe those are the type of ladies
Schwarzenegger likes to bang
he's like Custer and her and her they
all look like my maid
bring everything you got
who the hell I am Bashar
it's so slow gel would you recommend the
x-men the last stand
no would you recommend the last and I I
would I would probably not in the
theater as I said at the beginning of
this discussion this is the kind of
movie you you drink beer and watch at
home with a group of people and just
laugh because it's just so dumb but it's
charming
it's charmingly dome well I I will
disagree
I got nothing out of this other other
than by the numbers movie action movie
that didn't really engage me the action
wasn't particularly exciting to me it
was just sort of filmed Schwarzenegger
jumps out of a window with a bad guy and
shoots him in the head as they're
falling down something like that is fun
puter generated blood flies
you're like I like a like a Grinch oh
yeah kind of an you're like a Grimm I
yeah my heart is a black as coal I know
if J I know it um no I I love action
movies and I love I mean I love Judge
Dredd because Judge Dredd was great that
was genuinely good I enjoyed the premise
of that yeah this the premise was okay
everything about it was just okay it was
like a flatline for me with a mild heart
beat here and there when I laughed at
Arnold Schwarzenegger is acting which is
just like him going blah blah it's it's
incredibly bad I would recommend it on
that aspect come for the first half an
hour and just watch him try to say lines
wow you're looking Jack you've been
working out
you
in January 2012 one couple moved into a
new home the events that followed have
never been explained
a haunted house is another one of those
spoof movies you know those it's made by
Marlon Wayans you know him he makes
those spoof movies this is another one
of them yeah
catch you in your ghost balls I got some
for you
thankfully they no longer shoot these
movies on real film or else we'd have to
lament the waste of precious film stock
on this piece of garbage
the only precious resource wasted was
people's time energy effort money and
reputations Jay I know what you thought
of a haunted house Mike I know what you
thought of a haunted house I would not
recommend a haunted house neither would
I thank you and good night
well let me ask you a question yeah this
is one of those movies that comes out in
the early months of the year a fuck you
it's January movie sure obviously
terrible yeah you see the trailers and
you say oh it's one of those why did we
see it why were we in the theater
watching a haunted house starring Marlon
Wayans and co-starring farts well quite
frankly Jay I heard good things about
mama and I didn't care to see that when
I saw the trailer I was like I know so
III saw this um I hated the Paranormal
Activity movies and I saw that there was
a new spoof movie out and I have never
seen one of those spoof movies scary
movie a disaster movie all those those
spoof movies never seen one okay so I I
figured you know let's let's give it a
shot and I'll see if anything in it
makes me laugh and I wanted to kill
myself in the theater I literally wanted
I wanted to leave numerous times but
what I really wanted was earplugs well I
have seen those other movie movies I've
seen other modern spoof movies the the
modern age of spoof movies started with
scary movie that was the one as sort of
has led to what this horrible plague on
our nation known as spoof movies has
become and this movie is right in line
with those so I had no interest in
seeing it not even in a oh we'll go see
it and make fun of it I knew exactly
what it would be and the first thing I
said after we got out of the movie was
we could have just we could have not
seen the movie and done the exact same
review that we would do if we had seen
the movie yeah it's exactly what you
would expect from a film like this yeah
it's the most cheap obvious lowest
common denominator attempts at jokes I
was trying to figure out I think Marlon
Wayans is a simpleton uh uh who happens
to have the Wayans name and he you know
he has clout and money and power and
there didn't need to be a script which
was the one thing that that how it
started off yeah we don't need a story
because those Paranormal Activity movies
don't have a story it's the girl moves
into the house and things happen and
then demonic noises and we're just going
to have a series of scenes where we
spoof things that have happened in other
horror movies like they they went all
over the place they did the Exorcist
they did the recent The Devil Inside
that connect the cuts connect cut spirit
they did gosh a lot of other things the
last exorcism was in there yeah yeah so
all that stuff kind of it was mainly
paranormal activity spoof with a
sprinkling of other kind of references
yeah but there were no specific jokes
there were just um just kind of they
would bring in actors Nick Swardson
Cedric the Entertainer and they just
kind of said here's your characters say
weird things and and Nick Swardson play
a psychic who was a homosexual and the
joke was he was attracted to men the
Todd Packard character I forget that
actor's name I he will forever be Todd
Packer the David Koechner is yeah he
comes in there and uh you know he's
racist he says his thing is he's racist
yeah and there's this really really
awkward moment where he's like I want to
say the n-word let's say the n-word and
and Marlon Wayans is like no don't do
that I'll punch of the face and then it
just happened that's in if you say the
n-word I will punch you in the face yeah
awkward silence cut end of scene right
right and that felt like something that
came out of like a whole afternoon of
improv yeah they're just saying weird
things and then you just do lots of
quick jump cuts and reduce the scene
down - oh he's race the best parts you
have the best parts you have how far are
you gonna go to get this demon out I'll
do anything
what is this supposed to do this just
got weird well let's let's assume that
there was a script maybe we're wrong
about the improv thing we really don't
know okay ah is that worse yes because a
script you you you write before you
start filming and you have time to think
about things which is why if there is a
written by credit with Marlon Wayans and
somebody else yeah should I think if
there was if those were the lines that
they gave Todd Packard like here are
lines um yes it's much much worse I can
see them Todd Packard Nick Swardson
Cedric the Entertainer who he was the
funniest one out of everybody Cedric the
Entertainer yeah I can see them showing
up and going we don't have a script with
this we're just fucking around and we're
gonna make a whole shitload of money
yeah just do something funny um I I can
I can forgive them like for not having
enough material to work with and for
just not having a good day I doing
improv but when you have a script ahead
of time where you're like I'm gonna
write these funny scenes it's it's the
the complete lack of effort
yeah and the complete lack of
intelligence that that really sinks this
movie and movies like it
to the toll hey what you type it for
Keisha we does we can't be on no TV wait
to get my hands on this booth show y'all
Sam no don't do that what happens in
your browser cast I will say for the
majority this movie like there are other
actors in it but a large chunk of it is
the Marlon Wayans show and it's it's
like watching somebody just horribly
embarrass themselves for 90 minutes yeah
there are other actors in the movie but
he over overshadows all of them it's
like like watching the Star Wars kid
video yeah well let me ask you this Jay
what makes a parody funny I was kind of
thinking about this in the in the movie
theater um take like Weird Al Yankovic
like what makes his parody songs funny
yeah like a virgin he turns into like a
surgeon that in itself isn't funny it's
it's the lyrics that he adds to it that
clever and it's sort of like okay it has
the funny beat and these lyrics are
clever this movie it's it's our movie
looks like paranormal activity but
nothing in the movie is clever
there's no clever lyrics per se there's
no other script it's just far yeah yeah
well that's yeah I don't think parody in
and of itself is terribly funny mmm
yeah it's not a genre I've ever really
connected with no but I like a lot of
movies that would fall into that like
like airplane like it naked gun actually
there's the joke you always bring up
from police squad the series of Naked
Gun was based on
who are you and how did you get in here
and the locksmith tan I'm a locksmith
you don't have to have any connection
with police dramas police shows to get
why that is funny and clever mm-hmm it's
a funny joke it's it's a framework you
take a genre or you take a style and
that's your framework but you have to
have actual constructed jokes within
that yeah to to hold it all together
unless you're unless you're mocking the
genre because you take a look at Mel
Brooks is Spaceballs that's another
thing where it's a little mixture of
both it's kind of there's like they
spoof the the famous Star Destroyer
crawl and you know it goes on for a
little while but then they take it to
the extreme and they have the ship going
on for 10 minutes in the opening credits
that's a spoof
yeah that's taking some some material
making fun of it this movie does a
haunted house does a couple of things
like that but but not really well I
actually I would say the one thing that
maybe would have been funny in this
movie that wasn't because I was just so
bored and tired was when Marlon Wayans
character realizes that the house is
genuinely haunted and his ammonia
reaction is to pack up and move out
bitch there's a ghost in the house
deuces that that was a legitimate spoof
joke yeah because you'd say in this
genre of haunted house movies why don't
they just get the fuck out right away
instead of staying there and dealing
with the girls and just get out move out
right away and and that's what reaction
people have and then when they smooth
that that's what we're gonna do right if
you were to write a spoof movie about
paranormal activity like what do you do
I guess you would you would kind of make
fun of all the other elements in it the
the the idea of like they had a scene
there there's the Todd Packard character
comes and he has the other guy with a
camera and I'm like okay this is gonna
be a joke and it didn't turn out to be a
joke it turned out to be another reason
for them to have a camera angle which is
something they do in those movies yeah
but you could turn that in itself into a
joke yeah who's got the camera like who
we have six cameras going and
this one's filming this one yeah and you
could have a fun like we didn't catch it
on film this amazing thing happened who
was supposed to be running the camera
right well uh where did you leave the
camera you know yeah you the the logic
of the movie is that there's cameras
everywhere you can make a joke out of
that yeah like a drug of the ghost doing
that yeah well another thing that people
always bring up with the the found
footage type movies is why are people
still filming you can do something with
that likely and some dumb joke about why
they're just filming everything all the
time
and you just want to think about it for
more than two seconds yeah not slap your
script together
well weekend it's easier to slap in
racist racism misogyny homophobia and
all those kind of like lowbrow yeah that
in fart jokes just throw in throwing all
the easy to do stuff on top of this
premise yeah you know what there is some
dark energy over here really yeah why do
you have your hands on my balls I'm
protecting them from spirits so Jay
would you say the humor in this movie is
pathetic desperate sickening lowbrow
bottom-of-the-barrel disgusting yes
every other adjectives yeah the world
and there are there things that serve
advertise themselves as that as like
that's the point like it's offensive in
your face and that type of stuff um but
this is one words just yeah just really
pathetic is the best word to describe it
yeah where it's feeding off of
stereotypes where the joke is not
anything clever it is haha laugh at him
because he's gay yeah which we kind of
touched on when we talked about that's
my boy
the Animus and learn movie this is
another case of that yeah I even worse
yeah if that's hard if that's possible
yeah there are other elements in this
there's there's racism humor like the
thing with with the racist stuff though
is you can always use the excuse it's
funny because you're laughing at the
racist yeah and that's different than
the gay character well this had the the
gay jokes which I stuck out to me is the
most offensive because there was no like
yeah the time Patrick Packard characters
ignorant and he's making racist comments
but the the joke in the nick swardson
character was that he was gay
and and of course every homosexual that
that finds another male attractive
instantly just starts crying to grab
their crotch or to make references about
giving them oral sex and grabbing their
ass and see I think you're giving the
movie too much credit I think the joke
was that every homosexual wants to have
sex with every man period oh ok was I
don't think it was I don't think next
Larsson character was necessarily
attracted to Marlon Wayans
he was Marlon Wayans was just a man yeah
so he obviously had to act like a like a
like a horny weirdo okay okay that was
the joke oh it was even worse than I
thought
yeah it's not um perceptions of
stereotypes it's not perception of this
or that and and it's that's the joke huh
and it's so so sad sad and pathetic is
the best way to describe it as we've
said yet well and I can't it can't be
interpreted in any other way no it like
there are some jokes that are just like
you're not getting it and and one thing
that sticks out to me is um is Borat
everyone loved to quote Borat yeah but
when Borak came out there were there
were people that were angry about all
the Jew jokes and Borat what is this man
this is a Yemenite Jew and he's working
on a piece of jewelry why you have a
picture of Jew because I'm Jewish
and there they're saying like the Jews
are gonna kill us and I sleep there
they're gonna turn into monster they
turn into cockroaches throwing money at
the cockroach if it's and and then they
really run they have the the running of
the Jew where the Jews have the horrible
face and if the funny part wasn't
laughing at Jews the funny part was that
some people actually think that yeah and
it's poking fun at the racist and not
making fun of a race right and that was
that was the smart part about it yeah
and in this movie there is nothing smart
about poking fun at the the homosexual
character it's just poking fun it's it's
I don't want to say bullying whoo that
makes me shiver it's such a buzzword
right now it's true but that that's kind
of what it is it's just making fun of
somebody for yeah for that reason and
there's no other layer to it I have a
lot of powers all over my body
what if you had to say if you have the
same positive about this movie Jay what
would it be
uh it's only 80 minutes I have a little
something yeah help alleviate some of
that stress okay I'll do it
movies like this and even more so the
the Aaron Seltzer something Friedberg
movies those of the duo they co-wrote
scary movie and then they went off and
made date movie disaster movie they did
it do they do Vampires Suck yes
they did that to this I will say a
haunted house is less obnoxious than
those Freedman Seltzer movies yeah those
are the worst things I've ever seen
they're not movies we've talked about
that with like Jack and Jill or it's
like what is the cutoff for what can be
considered a movie those are not movies
those are hey look it's The Incredible
Hulk oh no he just stepped on Paris
Hilton and Paris Hilton said that's hot
I'm not one of I'm not exaggerating this
is those movies what what did she drink
it's like a totally picture it I can
picture that happening and did that
happen
I don't know we probably did that's what
the movies are are you gonna curve the
bullet or what well let's go back to my
hot tub you can shut down my home
hi mystique it's your buddy
dr. bill hey look it's Miley Cyrus and
her backup singers are the Chipmunks
she's my sister oh no one of the
Chipmunks just got beat up by Iron Man
dude us young punk my name is Harry
Potter all right hell no Panda Facebook
Indiana Jones
I am the Guru shit co-captain attack
I hear firemen
you should write one of those movies I
could you'd be a millionaire just write
one we'll call it fart good poop in the
pants the movie yeah yeah just have all
these pop-culture references and yeah
you'd be a millionaire
yeah breath is kickin I can only imagine
what the kiddies smell like
so now we're gonna introduce a new
segment to half in the bag this is this
is do because we've done a lot of
episodes of half in the bag at this
point yeah so we want to introduce a new
segment called Jay in my attempt to
forget everything that they just saw in
a film by bludgeoning themselves in the
brain yeah that's the name of the
segment we have never done this segment
before so we're going to begin with with
the substance called styrofoam which is
significantly lighter than brick yeah
but we want to start off light because
who knows what I don't know if it'll
work I have I don't know if direct force
contact with the skull will remove
memories or not I'm not a doctor as they
say but we're gonna find out okay
fuck fuck get it out get it out of your
head fuck I'm like getting the feeling
of coming in the gym I'm getting the
feeling of coming at home I'm getting
the feeling of coming backstage when I
pump up when I bows out in front of
5,000 people I get the same feeling so
I'm coming day and night
