Dec 16, 2013
The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdHAi_GWSAc
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/412632066325377024
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151854276247634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-hobbit-the-desolation-of-smaug

Half in the bag.
The devil is my hairdo?
hello boys and girls let me tell you a
tale and please don't hit stop it's
about two frauds and their VCR repair
shop fixing VCRs is what they did all
day and the names of these fellows were
Mike and Jay horrible awful people some
might say but they are about to learn
the magic of Christmas this day Jesus
Christ why is it so fucking complicated
okay thank you Oh Janice Christ ooh
anal bead disasters in you a
step-by-step guide to avoid going to the
doctor when you know what happens mmm
jeez what an embarrassing tape to pull
out you think that's embarrassing
I once owned a resale boutique oh my god
oh I think there's something wrong with
your shower we don't have a shower back
there mr. Plunkett
oh no that's a septic tank huh oh this
coffee tastes terrible we don't have a
coffee maker either that's also the
septic tank huh Mike we've got to do
something about mr. Plunkett he's
becoming a real nuisance mm yeah the
nice if we could kick his old ass out on
the street yeah fuck this loser hmm wait
a minute I've got it oh oh oh
krei a little boy what do you want for
christmas um Lego Batman with ring I'm
just doing pants Mike I'm certainly not
opposed to making money but we're only
charging a dollar we're not gonna make
any real money doing this the mall
Santas charge 10 ah therein lies the
genius of my plan Jay while each child
sits there unsuspectingly it leaves them
vulnerable
to this um take a bath photos back the
ball okay oh that's brilliant
yes exactly kids loose shit all the time
and no one's gonna ask what happened to
your wallet perfect
and we're now three dollars richer
would you like cars a car not like a toy
one but like an actual car that drives
oh it's just changed Hey change is money
- I can I can get you a fake license I
know a guy
oh that's a princess cran we'll give me
that Wow we've made like 50 bucks each
yeah the only way to make crazy money
like this is to work a half a shift at
Taco Bell and we get to steal from
children yeah this is great
ah you know what Jay we've been working
pretty hard I think it's time for a
break yeah you want to sit down and talk
about the desolation of smaug and of
course I would allow of that
truly the tales and songs fall utterly
short of your enormity
o Smaug the stupendous
we are the dwarves of Erebor we have
come to reclaim our homeland the hobbit
the desolation of the Smaug is the
second part of a new trilogy of
middle-earth films from the original
Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson
in this film a dwarf named Thorin has to
retrieve the ark stone from an evil
fire-breathing dragon named Smaug
another dwarf named Kili is falling for
an elf named Kate from lost but the
archer elf Legolas also has feelings for
Kate from lost meanwhile Gandalf must
separate from the pack of dwarfs to
figure out the mystery of the
necromancer there's also a hobbit in
there somewhere who mostly just stands
around and watches things happen Mike
what did you think of the hobbit the
desolation of Smaug The Hobbit part two
of three of two trilogies I have to
figure out where I was in the timeline
of things a hobbit part two the
desolation of Smaug I enjoyed a lot of
elements of it a lot of it felt
overcrowded and confusing and padded and
a little too much happening for my tiny
pea-sized brain to comprehend but you
know I would have to say I liked it
overall but there's a lot to discuss
well that's ours in there that's the key
to making a movie feel epic is just to
have lots of things happening yeah and
this movie does that uh maybe it's a
case of lowered expectations because of
the last movie there's lots of things I
liked in the last movie but there was
also lots of things that I found
horribly disappointing as a fan of the
original Lord of the Rings movies but I
liked this one quite a bit a lot more
than the last one the last one felt like
sort of a hodgepodge of ideas sort of a
Frankenstein's monster of different
Tolkien writings it wasn't just an
adaptation of The Hobbit and this one it
did have a lot of subplots that had a
lot of characters it had a lot of things
going on but it felt more cohesive than
that one did you can't focus at all for
the visuals and the direction and all of
the creativity I love I love the ore
books they're so cool-looking yeah I
wish there was more there's still some
like guys and costumes in this but like
the main the would they come like the
white work or whatever he's CG and he
has like a henchman that's CG and they
look good like the effects are pretty
seamless but I'd prefer a guy in a dumb
rubber costume yeah I have to say this
was the first Peter Jackson Lord of the
Rings esque movie where kind of the
first half
felt like it was starting to look cheap
which is a big statement because his
movies always look great yeah and where
some of the visual effects were starting
I kind of like you know and then it's
like that cuts to it like a set that's a
set before it was like everything
blended so beautifully and perfectly
where it went from one landscape to a
set and you didn't really notice and
this one's like oh that's a set but then
the ending really makes up for it I
think they're they saved other money for
the ending hmm and then I think that's
the case with Peter Jackson where it's
like he tries to do so much but he has
the limitations of time like we have to
release this movie in fucky December
finish it doesn't some of the effects
get rushed all of his movies have one or
two at least one or two instances of
really shitty looking effects
I read a book a long time ago called The
Hobbit and fuck if I remember what
happened in it hobo bag and um and there
was a thing called Gollum and he wants
his ring I don't even remember the
dragon in the book don't forgot about
Somali I know we watch the cartoon we
want Frank and bass cartoon yes here and
I was like oh okay I kind of remember
this and then it's like in this there's
all this other stuff going on and they
added new characters and it's like does
this movie have to be two hours and 48
minutes long like yeah by the time we
get to smug I'm I'm I'm I'm in a coma
I'm processing sensory processing of the
human brain is being tested with movies
nowadays said two hour and 40 minute
mark I was like oh god is that guy going
to try to shoot the arrow at the Dragons
still yeah that still gonna happen we've
been watching this movie for eight hours
yeah and we really could have you know
cut out a lot of other stuff the stuff I
found the most interesting I actually
liked the little little love triangle
plot gasps really
yeah I was watching it when that
happened when they started introducing
that because I know Kate from lost is
not a character that's a completely
made-up character for the movies and
they established that there's gonna be
some sort of like love triangle and it's
like really are we gonna do this now but
you know what's so much shit going on
get that out of here well that's the
thing though that had emotion emotional
connection for me I I don't care about
getting the arc stone like in the Lord
of the Rings trilogy there's this like
just like ever-present looming threat of
the eye in this big yeah you feel this
this tension happening and they kind of
add that in this with Gandalf running
around this so evil is coming and right
they're saying things like that and in
this like I am NOT invested in the
what's his name with Oakenshield hill
Thorin Oakenshield
plot I'm not really that invested in it
Bilbo Baggins is underused in this movie
I like him in these movies where she was
the main character in the
movies called The Hobbit yeah he's a
really good actor he is he's really good
like all the subtleties and his
performance are really good and and I
wish they used him more that I think in
the cartoon version and probably The
Hobbit too as we discussed before the
the Great Smog the Great Dragon is
killed by some guy just some guy shows
up in town Town Lake it's not Bilbo it's
not any of the doors
junior or Tolkien's was like he didn't
he didn't care about like Hollywood
build ups and plots he's just like Alice
some guy killed a dragon what an asshole
it's like no no no it has to be epic
conclusion it has to be a Bilbo hanging
on the Dragons neck with the black arrow
go turn to done you know it has to have
him he's just like whatever
so then and they take that guy and we
could be all wrong about this it's
probably in compendiums and anthologies
somewhere else a shop they take that guy
his name some guy in this movie they
give him his bard his name is the bard a
bard it's Shakespeare William
Shakespeare shows up in this movie No
so then he he helps the dwarves I don't
remember them being in a fish barrels
like it's being snuck into the town and
I like about him they may and my memory
is very vague but there's a plot with
him and he's got a family and he's he's
the descendent of the guy who tried to
shoot the dragon at some point which is
kind of Hollywood ish and it's but on
something it's something and but there's
like all those plot lines are
intersecting and the dwarves are fun and
but I'm just kind of like bored I like I
like Gandalf when he does his little
adventures and he's doing the stuff and
that's those are nice little touches but
then the rest of it's like like slugging
through confusion trying to trying to
put all the pieces together as they're
happening yeah
yeah it's not like it's the movies
incoherent it's just a lot to keep track
of mmm lots of characters and a lot of
them are sort of underutilized under
written like I couldn't tell you the
names of half of those dwarves knows the
fat one there's the the tough one
yeah and then there's the other one this
is dopey sleepy eenie meenie miney and
Moe whatever Achille and until II
well I think one of our biggest problems
both of us with the last movie was the
the overdone 45-minute action sequences
that went on and on and got completely
ridiculous and this movie scales that
back a little bit there's lots of
expository scenes in this movie there's
lots of character scenes in this movie
but there is some big action scenes and
one of them that we were right on the
money about was the barrel sequence
remind us of how the barrel sequence
originally was done oh they they hide in
little barrels so they can get out of
the city they go down the river and they
escape and that's the scene there were
no there was no subplot about works
trying to yeah there's not orcs trying
to kill him there's not the the elves
trying to stop them leaving and but this
one it's like they get in the barrel say
I should say I actually found the
sequence a lot more fun than I was
expecting I enjoyed because I was
waiting for it to happen and I was
waiting to be bored by it but it was it
was goofy it was weird it was kind of
dumb but there was some creativity going
on yeah Peter Jackson reintroduced
something that was in on the Lord of the
Rings movies that I loved a lot which is
tons and tons of decapitations but yeah
they get little barrels and they go and
it's kind of fun because they get to the
edge of the elf city and the elves close
the gates so they can't get out and they
have to turn the lever to get out but
then it just keeps going and they're
going down waterfalls and they're
jumping in and out of barrels and
there's yeah elves Scouten arrows and
it's just complete nonsense yeah it
becomes a little cartoony but Legolas
can now do anything yes he's like Spider
Man him in the Kate from lost both I
guess yeah they're both so good at what
they're doing it almost to the point of
cartoon enos but yeah there was on part
with one of the dwarves getting the
barrel jumps out of the thing and it
rolls along and it's and I actually
liked that sequence a lot yeah there's
lots a little fun touches in it that
could have kept my interests despite how
silly it was in the fact that it didn't
advance anything in the movie
there is no King under the mountain nor
will there ever be it will not end here
with every victory this evil will grow
Douglas has grown very fond of
not give him hope where there is nothing
so for a movie called The Hobbit the
character of The Hobbit uh is barely in
it for most of the movie movie was
called The Hobbit it was called the
hobbit the desolation of smaug oh my god
I thought we were watching last vegas uh
I'm okay with the lack of Hobbit Ness in
this he was he was on a mission to do
his thing he had he had a couple nice
scenes in it
III I liked the universe I like the the
mythology and all the the grand
grandness of everything Swisher was a
little less overstuffed with things
happening yeah mainly mainly subplots
because yeah it's this big grand
universe there's lots of characters
there's lots of villages and you know
there's dwarves and elves and all that
stuff and it all feels really lived in
yeah but yeah a little more focused
storytelling wise would be would be
helpful yeah cuz when it does get back
to the Hobbit like it's kind of like the
first movie the the best sequence in
that movie was the extended scene
between Bilbo and Gollum yeah and in
this movie the best sequence is the
sequence between Bilbo and Smaug yes
it's it's it's probably too long because
Peter Jackson loves all this stuff but
it's really good it's really well acted
from both uh Morgan Freeman and Smaug
but I think the original Lord of the
Rings trilogy the the Frodo adventures I
think that had a good like we're seeing
this world through the eyes of a hobbit
it starts off in the Shire and then yeah
go on our adventure and there it's
focused on them and this it's like yes
he's in it but there's all these other
big things happening and there's less
material to make these big movies out of
the Lord of the Rings books obviously
are huge Hobbit is not so much so it's
putting patchwork in everywhere and I
think that's where it just starts to
become a little little messy yeah I
think it's less messy than the first
movie though this one it felt like
things were connecting in a way that the
first one didn't it was like oh here
we're adapting The Hobbit and then we're
off on some other thing and then we go
back to the
but this one if it feels like it's it's
all going to connects I think it's good
that Peter Jackson loves this universe
and and wants to make these big big
movies because there are a lot of people
out there that love them they love all
the detail they love that he grabbed
this from this source and put it in
there and made it work and and that is
great
I would love Star Trek movies to be like
that so you know it's just it's a matter
of taste but when you're playing it for
just you know Joe Schmo in the audience
some things you got to pull out and
tighten up and act a little more
connections with I you know these movies
will be around forever and Lord of the
Rings fans can sit there and dissect
them and it kind of felt like we're
watching the director's cut like the ad
for our long extended edition which
there will be for this one I want to see
a Bilbo Baggins go on a little adventure
and thence them go on a barrel run and
then get some works come and then he
Opie's got to confront the dragon now
I'm like oh this is the right to point
hit the points right and and nine get it
in under 90 minutes I'd be very very
curious to see when the third movie
comes out someone to make a fan edit
that turns them into just an adaptation
of The Hobbit and it's like two hours
long at most I would love to see that
and it's entirely possible I guess it's
the exact opposite reaction I head to
the Lord of the Rings movies where when
I heard about the extended cuts like
when that was first coming out I was
like oh I want to see more of this
mm-hmm
but these The Hobbit movies I want to
see less of them
you
middle-earth is back at Denny's with the
build-your-own Hobbit slam 20 delicious
options like sweet potato pecan pancakes
hearty breakfast sausage an unaccredited
a meal to satisfy the hunger of hobbits
see the hobbit the desolation of smaug
well just like the original Lord of the
Rings trilogy in this new Hobbit trilogy
the best performance comes from a
completely CGI character mm-hmm McCallum
in the original movies and now smug in
this one yes let's talk about smooth
smooth I missed the golem I would have
been nice to see him appear in this
they've been a cameo which they didn't
even feel the need to do I think that
restraint is good yeah restraint yeah um
oh I guess we should say spoilers
because we'll probably talk about how
this film ends okay yeah so Smaug is
good in the movie we're gonna get into
spoilers about the ending and smug skip
to this time code to avoid there's a
double-edged sword with this Smaug
character because you're like that's it
that's the worst creature in
middle-earth the one to be most
terrified of and it's it's built up so
much and he gets there and it's like oh
there it is you know you see his eye and
your and the dragons are super smart too
a lot of people don't know that um
they're highly intelligent and you're
scared you know and then their exchanges
and the things that happen it's very
well done it's very tense and you're
really interested other than a lot of
the other sequences in the film where
like I'm just my eyes are blurring
because everyone's going for sure but
the Smaug scenes done very well and then
it goes on all too long and then the the
the grandness of Smaug starts to
diminish a little when wacky hijinx
trick him they're dancing on his on his
mouth and and then it just becomes
another big dumb action sequence instead
of restraint yeah because you mentioned
restraint you know Smaug looks good he's
got a lot of weight to his movements and
you can tell that the the scenes between
him and Bilbo where they're just talking
are probably the closest direct
adaptations from the original because
it's like the dialogue and stuff it all
kind of has a different sound and feel
to it than the rest of the movie similar
to the Gollum scene in the first topic
movie yeah it's like you made this movie
because you wanted to do this scene like
this is something you'd loved from the
books and that's very obvious but yeah
then the other the other little Dwarfs
show up
but they'll start fighting smog and
they're going down caverns on ropes or
on chains or whatever and there's like a
pulley system and and yeah that's where
it becomes like okay the same scene
happened in the previous film in the
goblin Kingdom right it was very similar
yeah where there are slight forms and
going around and it's like this isn't
what's interesting what's interesting is
the the the dynamic going on between the
two characters and then sort of like
Bilbo trying to outwit him yeah I would
have been very happy with that kind of
scene and then small threaten makes
threats and then decides to leave and go
attack the town and that's all we needed
but they had to give all the drawer of
something to do and it kind of became it
reminded me of Attack of the Clones your
belt scene yeah where it's like um
although I know this dragons going out
and gonna attack the town I know that's
what's eventually going to happen so all
this other stuff becomes superfluous and
pointless well I think the reason they
added all that stuff is because without
it this movie would feel even more
anticlimactic
yeah um which is something we should
point out like I know this is the second
part of a trilogy but it's still you
know it's not gonna be the conclusion to
a whole story but it still felt like I
know it's in the theater like everyone's
like oh I guess it's over you know it
really felt more anti-climactic than any
there's there has to be some sort of
satisfying conclusion as its own movie
but still make you interested in seeing
the next one yeah and this one was like
oh they try to thing they thought they
killed the dragon they didn't and now I
guess the movies done okay let's let's
set the record straight here
okay these movies are great yes they're
ambitious they're well-made they're good
yeah I don't want to give the wrong
impression
um but you and I are were translating
and were interpreters for movie-going
audiences well there are two two
audiences for this movie there's there's
Joe audience member and Lord of the
Rings fans yes and Peter Jackson is Lord
of the Rings fan he's a filmmaker and a
storyteller but at the same time he can
over indulge in all this wizardry
nonsense it's a is there such a thing as
too much
good thing yes well speaking of general
audiences I was thinking about this
while watching the movie do you remember
a high frame rate
do you remember 48 frames per second
when that was gonna be a thing I do I I
do remember this I was thinking that in
terms of general audiences because
there's the people that just go to watch
a movie they might say oh the movie
starts at this time and then they get
there and they say oh it's in 3d it's in
48 frames okay whatever they put on
their glasses and they just watch the
movie and they have no understanding of
the fact that something is different or
weird about it yeah it's the same people
that have HD TVs and have that like
motion smooth thing on it and they don't
even notice it like because they're just
watching things and they don't they
don't look at it that way people that
early in the film apparently did not
like the high frame rate I got a lot of
controversy when it first came out and
now no one talks about it at all well
that's the thing with this movie we had
three different options hmm
we had 2d 3d and 3d high frame rate
that's still that's a thing and I guess
that's a Peter Jackson thing he wants to
do yeah but we saw it in wonderfully
dark theater very big screen 2d
presentation looked great sounded great
that's completely happy yes with that I
did not dim the picture with damn 3d
glasses and we did not have to see the
dwarf TV show so III don't get it and
you're right um general audiences
probably they understand what 3d is
right I would guess one out of a million
understands what high frame rate is yeah
and and and would even notice it and
that's the sad part is is that why why
push it if people don't notice it well
that Tizen was something that during the
barrel sequence in this movie there's a
couple shots it was very weird that
looks like they were shot on like a
GoPro or something it was supposed to be
like the barrels point of view yeah I
guess
and it was looked like like cheap
pixelated video yeah and it was just a
couple quick shots and I even looked
over it I was like what was that both
noticed it it was really weird and
that's something
I don't think a general audience would
even notice they would just see the the
water crashing into the rocks and stuff
but that was like why is that in there
for one second yeah unless it's like we
can't strap a red camera to a barrel
let's strap this lesser and HD camera
okay no same yeah when it's blown up to
that size and that might have been the
case I have no idea but I mean I'm all
I'm all for experimentation in these
mainstream movies it's why I like crank
to it looks like it yeah like a cheap
skateboard video from the 90s
um cry crank too you could shoot your
action scenes with a GoPro cam exactly
but Nabeel orderings epic like why are
we watching GoPro footage you have no
right to into that mountain
we've been blind in our blindness
so Mike would you recommend the hobbit
the desolation of ah yeah I would come
with an empty bladder
these movies are big and epic and
they're worth your price of admission
and there's lots of little moments in
them not overly nerdy not overly
technical there's a motion there's
action then there is a big dragon at the
end that's worth worth sitting through
the whole movie get to sure I would also
recommend it
did you definitely get your money's
worth when you go to see a movie like
this but it does feel like you you've
eaten a little too much cake where it's
like oh that cake was good but I
probably should not have eaten the
entire thing because now I'm gonna vomit
all over myself and others and
potentially others strip into the light
well we've talked about The Hobbit I
guess we should get back to dealing with
these brats ya know
oh here comes the next one now alright
so what do you want PlayStation Xbox a
new bike one of those Wiis wanna you
want a 60-inch Plasma screen TV for your
bedroom or something what what I don't
want anything like that so like cash
then you want a a gift card to Starbucks
no I just hope my daddy to find a job
what
is the word for over a year takes some
really sad oh I don't know what ifs
Anakin can do anything for you I
oh it's terrible arms higher
it was then Mike and Jay were confirmed
for gay inside they knew that Christmas
wasn't about stealing it was about
giving love and a heart full of feeling
in fact the truth is I must say that
their hearts did grow three times bigger
that day
I'm sorry mr. Baumann you now have a
condition called cardiomegaly or
enlarged heart syndrome you'll have to
take these medications every day for the
rest of your life or you'll die what
this is bullshit
why do I get the enlarged heart and he's
just fine actually it was a good thing
that Mike was admitted today he was near
death with shrunken heart syndrome but
learning the magical joy of Christmas
giving turned his heart back into the
perfect normal-sized Mike you're going
to be okay Wow
so you mean stealing from children and
then pretending to care saved my life
Christmas is magic oh I forgot there's
some more medication you need to take
