Feb 22, 2013
A Good Day to Die Hard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_GPgY5mgq8
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/304986958659215361
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-a-good-day-to-die-hard

Half in the bag.
Fuck movies.
you know they have iPad apps for just about
everything now oh yeah yeah this one
here is called the flop predictor you
type in the director screenwriter and
lead actor of an upcoming movie and it
automatically scans all their previous
films and tells you the likelihood of it
flopping no kidding yeah no people can
complain about movies before they're
even made yeah apparently Jurassic Park
4 jumped the t-rex the Robocop remake is
filled with unforgivable plot holes sure
and Man of Steel is gay ass Oh nicely
that's disappointing I was looking
forward to that one
but apparently Night at the Museum 3 is
fucking hysterical really hmm
oh I forgot to enter Ben Stiller yeah
it's gonna be worse than AIDS oh well
I'm off to the library how's my vcr
coming along oh right yeah were the food
were fixing the VCI it's uh we're sy
waiting on a part or still fixing his
you're right Jane the part what any time
huh yeah I'm just making up some
bullshit to blink it even working on
that thing for a year now actually it's
been 2 years whatever I want to start
seeing some progress on this thing
or else yeah I found out the library can
run away my life savings just a much
Night Court boy there sure are a lot of
flop movies coming out hey speaking of
reference
have you seen movie
do you know what I hate about the
Americans everything I need is my Rallo
special Cowboys
American a good day to die hard another
good day to die is the fifth film in the
successful die hard film series Bruce
Willis reprises his role as Detective
die hard man the man who cannot be
injured by anything or anyone this is
also the third film in the Die Hard
series where Willis has had a co-star
first there was the black guy then there
was the Mac guy now there's a guy Jay
what did you think of die hard a good
day to die hard
he says multiple times in this movie I'm
on vacation but he isn't
he says the vacation joke like 12 times
yeah not even exaggerating no I think
they really wanted that to be a
catchphrase yeah like I think it was
Billy Crystal he says that in city
slickers well I think he's not really on
vacation and they're going to find his
son no Bruce Willis looks like he would
rather be on vacation yeah maybe maybe
those were just actual outtakes that's
all they had to work with well you know
things are bad when your movie makes the
fourth diehard movie look good in
comparison yeah I I watched the fourth
diehard film last night actually as I
had never seen it um and it the first
act of the movie was good I think I
watched the non theatrical cut the I
hesitate to say director's cut yeah that
movie had a director
this one I would describe as grittier
the the fourth one was more like hokey
like just anytime they show computer
monitors with hackers and going to
cheating and then uploading virus and
and where it looks out I mean they have
to do that I understand they have to do
that so the audience can understand
what's happening on the screen but it
always translates as hokey to me well I
don't know about you but that's the kind
of thing I want to see in a die hard
movie I want to see lots of computer
hacking and and nerds yeah yeah I want
to see where our main hero has no idea
what what's happening Marie just seems
like a confused old man actually that
follows through to this one - yeah he's
constantly what's going on where are we
come on keep up grandpa right I mean you
don't want your your main heroes only
attributes to be he can shoot his gun at
people not only is that his only
attributes in this movie but they make
mention of it multiple times in the
dialogue yeah I mean dad you're only
good at one thing and that's that's
murdering people with guns when I think
when someone an actor reads reaches a
certain age they have to poke you know
the grandpa Camano like they did it with
Indiana Jones yeah you have to you have
to reference it that that he's um
involved in an action movie and an old
in the case of Bruce Willis like you
don't really need to though like he's
out of I mean there's the just in the
last month alone there's been a Stallone
vehicle Schwarzenegger vehicle and now
another Bruce Willis action movie and
he's the only one out of those three
that's sort of like aged gracefully
where yes they didn't make any mention
of his age I really wouldn't even think
about it yeah I have to say in this one
he looked less like mr. Magoo than he
did in Inception or what was a movie
Oh looper whatever they're all the same
looper where he looked like he looked
like mr. Magoo
and this one he doesn't um he looks
Bruce Willis ask he still looks like he
doesn't want to be there though yeah I
it makes you wonder like why Bruce
Willis is still in movie
other than the paycheck I guess cuz most
of the time he really he has the same
expression on his face in this movie and
in most recent movies that you would
find on a teenager working at Taco Bell
yeah we just doesn't want to be there
yeah it's weird like a teenager working
at Taco Bell has to be there because
they need money now and then it's weird
to see someone doing a job where it's
visually obvious that they just don't
want to do it yeah and I mean I'm sure
Bruce Willis has enough money to retire
on you know I would imagine I would
imagine he would and you think he'd be
off like skiing or on a sailboat and you
know maybe it's an ego thing they've got
to have my name out there constantly
that's that but it just seems like he's
miserable same with Harrison Ford yeah
like they just seem like I think they're
driven by their egos alone now they're
just like like soulless machines that
just just continue to they're like
zombies almost they don't their hearts
don't beat and they just walk like the
Living Dead they're the Living Dead
mm-hmm actors become the Living Dead
okay it is the way of life that trouble
finds John McClane he's just attracted
to it
well let's go back to the beginning and
let's talk about the Die Hard series um
the first die hard movie is a perfect
action movie um it has all the right
elements that make it a perfect movie um
after that everything went downhill
except for the second one I liked the
second one the second one is a perfect
sequel not a perfect sequel but it's a
typical sequel typical sequel where
where it's just kind of like the same
movie again yeah and that's fine because
the second one I like almost as much as
the first one oh my god um I really like
this like well here's the thing is the
first movie it's not like a highbrow
movie it's not a it's not a smart movie
but it's a smartly made movie if that
makes sense
yes and the second one to me feels like
what the first one would have been in
the hands of a lesser filmmaker if that
makes sense John McTiernan just knew
perfectly how to execute them it's
you're you look really Harlan randy
Harlan is a hack when the best movie in
your filmography is Nightmare on Elm
Street for you got a problem nothing
against them find director for hire
whatever I like the second die hard but
but that the side
okay if we're if we're talking to the
first one versus the second one they're
both set completely in the bounds of
reality compared to the final though the
most recent three yeah I mean the most
exciting thing to happen in the second
one of the most implausible thing was
that he lights a trail of gasoline
coming out of my shell yeah that blows
up now he throws jets at people so
there's a big difference yeah yeah
but the the the reason the first movie
worked um and and what what makes a die
hard movie a die hard movie as opposed
to just an action movie are all the
elements that are put into it sir number
one is the everyday man
bruza Bruce Willis John McClane is the
everyday man he's a cop but just a guy
slubby guy next time read the sign
number two is wrong place at the wrong
time and that's that's established in
the first movie number three a big
characteristic is that he's on his own
without assistance now and he's the only
guy who can stop this bad guys plot from
happening
number four his family ends up in peril
it didn't happen on the third one it
does happen in the fourth the second in
the first sort of action movie cliche
but it's in there and then the last one
number five is of course the the Euro
villain hmm with the the convoluted plot
which which most times involves just
them wanting money that's the theme in
the first one you think Hans Gruber is
doing this really complicated
international spy thing and yeah he just
wants to steal money out of their bank
vault and then they're just like that's
what it is and that is what a charming
the first one - was that that's all it
was it worked in its simplicity after
that I think the second one was about
them trying to free a Cuban national guy
that bearded guy there it was like a
political power member much about this I
remember william sadler just is the main
bad guy he does like naked Tai Chi or
something yeah so you remember the the
naked Tai Chi that's exactly what that's
all I remember
and then another thing too to mention
quickly is that the die hard films um
keep getting bigger in their scope first
one stuck in a building second one stuck
in an airport third one stuck in New
York City fourth one stuck in the entire
eastern half of the United States now
and then the fifth one now I guess is
Russia stall of Russia Sharon Russia
somewhere in Russia and Russia's quite
bigger than the US geographically
speaking so the next one is John McClane
is stuck on earth oh and uh who how did
this even come about where they decided
for the sequels I guess it's the thing
like oh we gotta make it bigger more
epic but like the first movie is work so
well is just a self-contained story like
that's the movie that's the story
there's no need for any of these sequels
they exist obviously for money reasons
but they almost the fact that he'd kind
of this is a frequent occurrence for him
now these big crazy elaborate action
scenes sort of devalues the simplicity
in the charm of that first movie right
right and the first movie he's as we
mentioned he's just the everyday guy
he's trying to win back his wife you
know so you're kind of rooting for him
in that regard and and another important
factor too is that he's vulnerable
he he's injured there's the famous scene
where he has to walk on broken glass and
he's bleeding all over the place and uh
it's completely realistic by today's
action movie standards it said and and
he's trapped in this building and he's
trying to get the cops and that's
another fun thing too is he's trying to
get help to come and and he can't
they don't even try to include the the
everyman element anymore I just watched
the fourth one and the fourth one I
understood what was happening yes and
and it's it's like this is this is a big
problem I had with this fifth one was
that the the fourth one they're like ok
cyber terrorism the the bad guys have a
plot and they're using these
lower-ranking computer hackers to kind
of like build their software for them
and then they start assassinating them
all and Justin Long the Mac guy is the
the last one and Bruce Willis has to go
pick them up so he works in wrong a
wrong place wrong time kind of situation
he's the competent and you kind of get
what's happening this one uh it's like
your son is in Russia ah he's in trouble
okay and then he's talking to his
partner or something at the police
station he's like I'm going to Russia
now and it's like it's so like
lackluster and unexcited nobody is so
dull and he gets in a cab and he's
talking to the daughter or the daughters
driving him I forget and here's a book
have fun in Russia okay I'm going now he
gets there and he's driving in a taxicab
it's like nothing tempted to cut again
there's no excitement to it's just like
it's so boring and there's a there's a
political plot with this prisoner
Russian guy and there's a bombs
oh yes that's number six on on the list
plot double cross triple cross euro
villains have plot a plot isn't exactly
what they said there's a there's a
betrayal there's a double-cross and then
the plot is something else at the end
that happens in every die hard movie -
that's a staple but um we're we're
discussing what makes a die hard movie a
die hard movie but ok Bruce Willis gets
there he the son is in the middle of the
CIA operation he's like it's me and then
that we don't know anything about this
this prisoner guy we don't really know
what's going on yet
um but they they give us a a 45 minute
long action chasing and and and I'm just
like I was I was just days and I was I
was thinking about errands I'm running
and there cuz there was no there was no
stakes there's no like setup like we
have to get this guy here I mean the son
had to save him for some reason but we
didn't we don't know why it's a
combination of that part especially once
we got to that point is when I knew the
movie is gonna be terrible because that
action scene that extended car chase
scene is one we don't know what's
happening or why and to visually we have
no fucking clue where anybody's going
what direction they're going who's in
front of who like where they are in
relation to each other it's just like
this jumbled mess of shaky-cam some
shots the cars going this way and then
it cuts through different angle and
almost and it's going this way and it
just went on and on and it's in and you
know what disagree slightly I kind of
liked the visuals in the Smashing and I
okay it was it was a good little chase
scene but I was bored yes there was
nothing going on in it that I was I was
conscious of now you need to know who's
chasing who and why and what's at stake
there's a good chase in the opening of
Skyfall you got em on the phone that oh
the thing has all the names of all of
our important agents on it you must get
this thing that's all I need got it
got it you know yeah and and action is
action is um is motivation it's not just
physical action it's not just smashing
things it's when characters are
motivated to go from one thing to the
next there's dialogue in action those
are the two things that make up a movie
and action is always needs to be
motivated
whoa
what it's just a pirate gun it's
old-school like you right right well
speaking of stakes right after that long
car chase sequence John McClane and a
little little little diehard jr. and the
guy that died are juniors trying to
protect they they run into this building
and it's established that the guy he's
trying to protect who looks like Ridley
Scott which I thought was really
distracting through the whole movie
Bruce Willis is like this guy's bleeding
he's gonna die out you got it you want
to protect him but we have to we have to
get him to a hospital this is important
he's gonna die soon so then they leave
that room and then Bruce Willis and that
guy have like a 10-minute conversation
about about the perils of being fathers
I was like didn't you just say like this
is important and we need to move quickly
and then just immediately stopped again
yeah that part was a ham-fisted
father-son character developing little
moment one of many that particular scene
the the Geppetto guy the read this
column Ridley Scott the Ridley Scott guy
he gets he gets shot and they run out of
this room and there's like snipers and
they attack the CIA secret base in
Russia and they blow the building up and
then they run outside in this room and
then yeah he says you know the guys
injured we got to get him to hospital
they go outside and they just stand in
the middle of the street in broad
daylight and I'm like why hide the
building they were trying to escape from
with all the bad guys a fucking small
army just tried to assassinate this guy
and they're just standing out in the
middle of street in broad daylight
they're like leaning up against the
Kaiser you got a son yeah you remember
that five minutes ago when assassins
tried to shoot you when we were inside a
covert CIA headquarters well being a
father sure is tough yeah
jerk dad this is what you've been doing
double-oh-seven
Oh Plainfield New Jersey relax you're
safe now
things haven't exactly been chummy for
the last few years but they have to band
together and sort it out get out of
there alive your form to your contract
and iPhone the premises Bruce Willis's
son hates him and we don't we aren't
told why it's just he wasn't a good
father I think you're supposed to assume
that it's sort of cuz he's always off
having diehard adventures yeah it's just
he's being a cop yeah so being a cop
means you could never talk to your
children
the last film his daughter hated him now
his son hates them and Alan thing is but
but so that's the premises dad dad I
don't like dad yeah and dad wants to
make things better and and then the rest
of the movie is just um like just
terrible dialog like come on let's go um
and then Bruce Willis just complains all
the time he's just
I'm on vacation he says I'm on vacation
which is like the the funny line we're
supposed to laugh like his vacation has
lots of shooting in it yeah I'm on
vacation and then you know he sort of
follows along the Sun on the adventure
and he's I got nothing better to do and
then keeps saying stuff like that yeah
like you got to give us something here
you go you know we need to care if Bruce
Willis doesn't care yeah you know like I
mean towards the end when you find out
what the plot is like this this guy
Russian guy they're gonna elect or
whatever is a villain he likes nuclear
weapons and then Bruce feels like let's
go shoot the bad guys I don't like
nuclear weapons right we're all gonna
shoot everybody yeah yeah and then he
just he seems mildly motivated to save
the world this time yeah and and that's
that's that's one of the problems this
movie's just terrible
this guy's bad news terrorism
weapons-grade uranium nukes someone's
gotta stop it at a point I was thinking
during the movie what Hollywood does
with all the cars they smash hmm do they
once they're done with them this is just
a thought well you gotta you know you
gotta do something - by the time when
you're sitting in the theater watching
an exciting action movie there's a lot
of expensive Mercedes Benz and all the
stuff and they probably buy them all and
it's like watching money just burn on
the screen they should sell them like
severely damaged Mercedes Benz you know
five grand sure you know may work but
maybe they resell them it's possible so
this is what you were thinking about
during money last thing about going to
the grocery store after I had like rug
doing my laundry
I was I was mostly thinking about
whenever there was a close-up of Bruce
Willis I was trying to imagine what he
was thinking about at the time cuz it
clearly wasn't anything related to
acting or motivation or the movie just
like wonder what he's thinking about
right here so yeah is he reminiscing
about the good old days of Planet
Hollywood's and his music career and
bangin Demi Moore yeah those the things
that run through his mind these days as
he's running through the streets of
Russia delivering bad dialogue as the
director violently shakes the camera
I guess your thumbs before not
encouraging can we talk about the fully
in this movie oh sure don't you tell the
audience work Foley it fully is the the
sound all the sound effects that are
added to the film after the fact most
sound in a movie is added later
including lots of the dialogue and
there's an early part of this movie
where might have been during that chase
scene where Bruce Willis causes like a
traffic jam or whatever and the one
Russian guy gets out of his car and he's
yelling in Russian above about the
traffic jam and Bruce Willis just
punches him yeah and it's like the most
cartoony Oh like really loud like it was
horrible the punch sound effects and
then later in the movie Bruce Willis
pulls a piece of I think it's like rebar
out of his son's leg this tiny tiny
little piece of metal like this long and
then he throws it off camera and you
hear the sound of like a giant like
ten-foot metal pipe that's clanking
around on the ground there's almost like
the Foley artists were just trying to
see what they could get away with yeah
that other gone for for comedy punches
uh not that moment that wasn't supposed
to be a comedy moment there's a lot
there was a lot of ADR to that was just
like thrown in like Bruce Willis is
walking and Union ah that's gotta hurt I
don't know there you would like whenever
like they were just running and there
was no dialogue yeah there would be like
Bruce Willis say this as as you're
running by I got to get new shoes like
they'd jump the audience will get bored
if he's not saying something alright I
don't know a motivation I can't think of
any lines and specific like I do we even
see this movie I've already forgotten
everything
whooping I really really
you guys
one note though that I really liked was
um as a man and I am a man and there
were some badass machine guns in this
movie do you agree with that like like
really awesome big Russian machine guns
and I'd like props you know yeah not
just like stupid looking guns but in the
in the CIA headquarters Bruce Wells
picks up this like huge I didn't notice
that the bad guys come in he immediately
just picks it like it's just there and
he just picks it up you know who these
people are what's going on you just
start shooting everybody the guns are
kept on the floor in Russia there and
they're everywhere apparently they're in
the trunks of cars yeah yeah oh that's
right there's that trunk that's just
full gun he goes he go they go to a
nightclub and they just pick out a
random like Mercedes and this is
probably this car probably belongs to
the Russian mob they don't let them
bring guns at the nightclubs here's a
whole trunk full of just guns scattered
around oh the best part about that scene
is that the son was trying to to unlock
the car door he's trying to pick the
lock on the car door and then Bruce
Willis shows up with the keys that he
got from somewhere yeah and and his sons
like that's really nice dad's stealing
it's like we're not you just about to
steal the car yeah is it different when
you break in then if you lose he just
upset that he stole things I think he
was upset that his father won Optim is
that what that was supposed to mean I
think so and I'm assuming Bruce Willis
stole the keys from the valet station
okay um but yeah I think that's what
that was all right I can't tell because
I don't think Bruce Willis or his son
were humans in the movie I think there
were aliens but that would make the
movie make more sense yeah this was this
was actually the sequel to Prometheus
that we're waiting for
that's why Ridley Scott was in it
you're making a 21st century die hard
now we have to have the camera in the
middle of this action I think audiences
will just be blown away
so Mike would you recommend a good die
hard day good
hi today hurt why can't they just call
it die hard 5 die hard 2 is die hard 2
die harder yes the greatest yeah it's so
stupid it's funny but now that movies
like a work of art yeah yeah compared to
this flock yeah it's like a Leonardo da
Vinci painting this is like like poop
smear it on a wall I think that might be
the legacy of the die hard movies is
that each new one makes the previous one
look even better if only we can live
time and reverse when watching movies
now we get to the first one hey Jade do
you hear that we just saw diehard five
do you hear that I heard four is coming
out next summer mmm
we're like yes I can't wait till they
get to the first one
you go looking for trouble it is it
always like you listed ask myself the
same question
so library was getting rid of all their
old VHS tapes I got this whole box for
one son what do you possibly plan on
doing with those why I'm going to watch
them on my VCR of course it is fixed
right if not I'm gonna fire you both
right now I'm not fucking around um yeah
you know that part I mentioned we we
just got it the mail and all I really
have to do is put it in the VCR and
it'll be fixed just give us five minutes
oh good because I can't wait to watch
Beverly Hills Cop - OH in fact to
celebrate we're going to watch it
together
oh I'm going to go make some popcorn
I'll be right back
Jesus you asshole why'd you tell him
five minutes I don't know I pancaked
he's gonna come back and fire us and
then we definitely won't be able to milk
this any longer wait a minute I've got
an idea
that for you dummy Oh for this
I've been waiting forever to watch this
movie yeah
hmm
what do we do in the movies over arrow
hopefully he'll just want to go to sleep
ah that was a good movie huh such a
great film a classic I'm tired now
though aren't you tired mr. blanket yeah
mr. blinken aren't you tired oh no I'm
so excited to have my VCR back hey let's
watch another one oh my god
oh no I yeah I don't think that's a good
idea I don't later yeah how about Teen
Wolf oh oh shit what do we do now I
don't know the video players just set to
loop I'm looking forward to this yeah
I'm not because I've seen it before
J I don't think he realizes he's
watching the same movie again it must be
the Alzheimer's yeah what's that
it's the thing what huh
J how long does the battery last on this
thing about 10 hours far
J what happens when the power runs out
it shuts off I know it shuts off but
plink it's gonna find out we didn't fix
the VCR the fire us for sure I guess
it's in God's hands now
it's the only way
huh all right guess a storm knocked the
power out oh well Jesus Christ Jay that
was a close one you're telling me what
are you doing mr. Plunkett oh I'm just
watching the end of the movie on my iPad
Wow yeah these things are great but you
know all about it
yours is in my TV ha ha oh boy
I sure did love watching the same movie
68 times tonight maybe that'll teach you
fucks not to lie to me
