Mar 7, 2013https://github.com/plinkiac/Half-in-the-Bag/wiki
Extras: Hollywood Trends ("Episode 48 Outtakes")
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFnwZ06urYg
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/309716163938639873
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-extras-hollywood-trends

Half in the bag.
Well Jay after just
watching Hansel and Gretel and Jack the
giant slayer let's talk a little bit
about where movies come from there's two
types of movies one is an original idea
and two is a ripoff of that idea
original ideas I remember those it seems
ages ago
well there's movies that come out and
we'll call them watershed movies they're
usually movies that make a ton of money
they're usually an original idea and and
everyone wants to make a movie just like
it some movies like this for example
would be like Star Wars Pulp Fiction the
matrix which which started off a craze
of hip action movies with bullet time
and stand-ups slowed down kind of stuff
the Blair Witch projects that's gonna
started found-footage movies which is
still going a more recent example would
be the Harry Potter movies obviously the
first Harry Potter movie was a huge
success
and that was based on a series of books
aimed at young adults there were sort of
fantasy books so that began the
Hollywood orgy of what do we got let's
look for books that young adults read
that we could make Harry Potter esque
movies out now especially looking for
ones that were already a series of books
because then you can make more movies
yeah so one of the big ones that they
started off with was The Chronicles of
Narnia The Lion the Witch and the
Wardrobe which is of course the CS Lewis
novels and I think there was a sequel
called the Golden Compass but there
certainly were a lot of other Harry
Potter knockoff movies what might those
be Lemony Snicket's A Series of
Unfortunate Events Nanny McPhee Eragon
Bridge to Terabithia rub in cart what
what The Spiderwick Chronicles Percy
Jackson and the Olympians the lightning
thief why so those are all good
clear-cut examples of movies that came
out based on the success of Harry Potter
can very easily be traced back to that
yes but now after a period of zombie
movies in superhero movies the current
trend in Hollywood seems to be making
darker versions of fairy tales and big
dumb action movies based on classic
literature or just on title recognition
alone yeah so Jay where do all these
goddamn fairy tale and action movies
come from well unlike Bridge to
Terabithia and movies such as that it's
hard to pinpoint it back to one specific
movie it sort of seems to be a few
different things that have inspired this
that if somehow worked their way into
fairy tales one of the examples would be
something like Twilight where you have
sort of a supernatural element a monster
horror elements so that lends itself
well to certain fairy tale stuff you
have like Red Riding Hood's with amanda
seyfried from the director of Twilight's
Snow White and the Huntsman which stars
Kristen Stewart from Twilight there's
also the film beastly which is Beauty
and the Beast for the Twilight crowd and
there's also a new series on the CW
called Beauty and the Beast which is
Beauty and the Beast for the Twilight
crowd but then we have another trend
which kind of comb engels with the other
trend and it's big dumb action movies
based on classic literature or title
recognition which oftentimes includes
fairy tales as well fairy tale stories
that are done in an action movie style
and don't necessarily have a teen
romance inspired by Twilight right is
everyone following along yes no I in the
Huntsman would probably cross over into
this category as well yeah yeah but
first up would be Hansel and Gretel of
course not a romance movie but a big
dumb violent action movie from a fairy
tale we also have Sherlock Holmes that
came out recently which is of course
based on the stories of Sir Arthur Conan
Doyle but done in a gigantic dumb
Michael Bay action movie style well they
also brought back Robin Hood
yes but this time it was dark Robin Hood
of course there was lots of violence and
dark moments and it wasn't the
traditional Robin Hood and his Merry Men
kind of fairy tale story it was an
action movie a war movie kind of it was
very very strange
there's also Alice in Wonderland
directed by Tim Burton which
inexplicably ends with a Lord of the
Rings style battle sequence you know why
why cuz why not Alice in Wonderland the
original ending was what she woke up
yeah and coming out soon we have oz the
great and powerful
which adds that element that I thought
the original Wizard of Oz was missing
which is giant fight scenes yeah if you
look back at it now the original Wizard
of Oz is kind of boring it's just a lot
of music and story and adventure and
great costumes and sets I mean yeah it
has all that crap but it doesn't have a
giant battle at the end and really
that's what we need we need a giant
battle I mean the the the witch had her
look flying monkeys you know and and
they they came after them but did they
launch flaming rocks at them did did
they explode the the the Emerald City
did the Emerald City blow up no so
what's next Jay what fairy tailers story
will they turn into a violent erotic
teen thriller or over-the-top action
movie
what about Goldilocks and the three
bears how can we make a violent horror
teen erotic thriller over-the-top action
movie out of Goldilocks on the three
bears well Goldilocks wouldn't be a
little girl anymore she would have to be
a twenty-something yeah played by
Kristen Stewart of course yeah they
would say it's a brief performance by
Kristen Stewart because she dyed her
hair blonde
and she would the the bears you know the
the too too hot to cold just right what
would what would be the twist with that
J the porridge thing would be that's so
corny and kitty they would just
eliminate that altogether there just be
one line in the movie about porridge
being too hot and that would be like the
wink wink yeah in the beginning like a
before she left her house to adventure
in the woods and then the rest of the
movie would just be about her fighting
bears it would be like the grey with
Liam Neeson only with a 20 year old girl
she would she would go like this and
she'd have glass all over her hand and
she would go for it into the barony and
she'd go how's that just right Pinocchio
they haven't made a violent scary
Pinocchio yet would it be a romance
would a girl fall in love with Pinocchio
mmm I suppose she would get a kick out
of his nose yeah if you know I'm saying
it would say the post would be Pinocchio
and then she'd be like this and he'd be
like this and then it would say tell me
eyes well of course if they did Rip Van
Winkle it would have to be revenge
Winkle sleeps through the apocalypse he
wakes up in the world is in ruins yeah a
post-apocalyptic
Rip Van Winkle film right well what
happened was sleeping over that extended
period of time he missed like nuclear
fallout that happened during the the
apocalypse okay so he's developed these
superpowers and and ironically one of
them is that he can put his enemies to
sleep yeah yeah maybe he's also
developed like an immunity so in a way
he's like a like Superman yeah because
everyone that's that survived the
apocalypse are all kind of sickly from
the radiation or they're mutants or
they're falling apart so then you'd have
scenes where he would have to have a
stocking cap on to know he would be
wearing his on bed clothes or his
pajamas and the mutants would all be
coming at him and he would go and the
mutants would fly and they break apart
then it would look like a cartoon CGI
piece of crap I can't wait it's sure to
be an exciting film Jay I'll try not to
sleep through it
lemon done humpty dumpty yet that's a
good one
yeah no Humpty Dumpty couldn't be an egg
though it's like the the new Beauty and
the Beast show he's not really a beast
he just kind of has a scar on his face
Humpty Dumpty would have to be like a
soldier that has to guard this wall for
some reason he would be put under he
would be a very handsome young man
played by Nicholas Hoult and and there
would be a princess who walks by the
wall every day and goes hi Humpty was
name couldn't be Humpty Dumpty either no
that's too ridiculous the movie would
have to be called the wall the wall
would be 10,000 feet high too and now in
this massive city bigger than any city
you've seen in um any of the Lord of the
Rings films the city would be so big it
would reach the clouds the wall would be
10,000 feet high and Humpty would have
to fight off intruders and there be
action scenes it'll go Humpty would
fight them but he would be the the
bravest strongest warrior in in the
kingdom and and he's the one that
defends the fucking wall right right and
and the the Evil Queen sends thousands
of her minions and Humpty can just fight
them off one by one and then to get into
the castle she puts the curse on him
that makes him made of porcelain oh yeah
and then and then she was huh you lose
Bing and hit so many falls off the wall
and then the second half of the movie is
the princesses quest she picks him up in
all the pieces and she brings him along
but we have to have the actor in the
movie so he appears in spiritual form Oh
in her head because that's part of the
curse and they have Wow they make love
in her mind oh and it becomes erotic it
becomes an erotic thriller and she has
an emotional attachment to the blood the
bag of glass and then at the end you
know she takes all the pieces of Humpty
Dumpty to the sorcerer who's a friend or
an ally of the kingdom because you
cannot put him back together again
and that's you know that's one of the
lines they put in the trailer oh sure
you know but the Queen has a plan it's
the drain the blood of the princess - to
awaken the the Blood Moon curse hmm but
they have to put Humpty Dumpty back
together and they do you know at the end
of course and in he's all cracked and
everything and then she goes and he goes
and then he's back to being the the most
powerful warrior in the kingdom and then
five hundred thousand monsters rushed
towards him and he fights them all off
one by one no way wait I just got a
Google Alert yeah according to IMDB all
those movies are already in production
you know it's weird Jay jokes are now
real
