Mar 5, 2013
Hansel and Gretel: Witch Hunters and Jack the Giant Slayer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WA-KpLcAFoA
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/309141997988507652
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/266897813444305
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-hansel-and-gretel-witch-hunters-and-jack-the-giant-slayer

This episode sponsored by hotbutteredpopcorn[.]com.
Half in the bag.
Now these assholes gotta fix my TV.
you know Jay I
can't believe that mr. plinkus
outsmarted us maybe he has the opposite
of senility where he's actually getting
smarter as he gets older oh that's a bit
far-fetched maybe he's been aware of
what we've been doing this whole time
like he's got some kind of weirdo fetish
for fucking around with people's minds
it helps him maintain his constant
erection oh my god I don't want to think
about that in fact this entire situation
is made me want to just get away from
reality for a little bit maybe we should
go see a couple movies it's not a bad
idea movies are often an escape from
reality in fact they're playing to new
fairytale movies right now fairy tale
movies aren't those aimed at little
girls not anymore now they're aimed at
fat bearded guys that love violence me
and my sister we have a past we almost
died at the hands of a witch
well that past made us stronger we've
gotten a taste of blood which blood
I'm duelin Gretel witch hunters is a
modern twist on the classic fairy tale
about a brother and sister that escaped
the clutches of an evil witch by burning
her alive in this new version Hansel and
Gretel grow up to become blandly
attractive drifters that burn which is
alive somewhat frequently when a small
towns children are captured by witches
they hire Hans ole and Gretel to do just
that but along the way they discover
secrets about their pasts and then some
people explode and then rock music plays
over the end credits before we start
talking about the movie Mike why did we
see this this is sort of the tail end of
its theatrical run and we're just now
seeing it we decided to watch the new
Jack in the Beanstalk movie whatever
it's called and we've been noticing a
trend in Hollywood too to make updated
versions of fairy tales children's
classic stories yes with guns in them
and people being murdered so we saw
Hansel and Gretel was still out in
theaters and for perspective we decided
to also watch Hansel and Gretel yes um
to kind of compare and contrast and sort
of get a little bit of a bigger take on
the whole um the whole trend that's
going on now and try and try and figure
it out because it's a weird trend yeah
but before we get into that what did you
think of the movie
Hansel and Gretel witch hunters I would
say if the movie were a line graph on
likability it it kind of went like this
I was not interested at all in the
beginning it started to win me over a
little because of the twist on it the
violence and kind of some of the humor
it has sort of an army of Darkness evil
dead thing going on just very very
mildly I liked it I almost feel like a
like a dipshit saying this but it's one
of the more entertaining movies I've
seen recently because I didn't know
anything about this movie before going
in other than the title and of course I
was thinking of Abraham Lincoln vampire
hunters I'm sure oh it's gonna be
another one of those type of movies or
they play it to straights for no good
reason but this movie is dumb trash and
it knows it and no one seems to really
be caring much it's just a bunch of
people kind of goofing around the movies
goofy
yeah and I appreciated that yeah I I
think they wanted to go for the the
trashy kind of approach but didn't quite
push it far enough for its it's weird
because for a mainstream like big just
kind of Hollywood release it's really
weird but if there's someone that's seen
a lot of B movies and cult films and
stuff like that it's a little too bland
it kind of falls right in the middle
exactly ah but considering I was
expecting just complete generic crap I I
was surprised that's what made me
disappointed in Abraham Lincoln vampire
hunter because that took itself way too
seriously you know it's called Abraham
Lincoln vampire hunter right it needs to
be Sherlock this one um didn't take
itself seriously but it had the look and
feel of like a WB the supernatural kind
of type of TV show that kind of budget
level um what's going on what I thought
there's the some of the action stuff and
some of the sequences have more sort of
energy - um no sure there's a I don't
know if it was an intentional Sam Raimi
influence but yeah like you mentioned
army of Darkness right off the bat yeah
see the the first witch yeah it looks
like the the she-bitch from the RV of
darkness
like the same thing and the same sort of
hammy performance since I was like okay
I can I can tolerate those yeah I just
mean like the production values of its
the little old English town and see that
didn't bother me either cuz again
thinking of army of Darkness is like
that movie looks cheap but it's and it's
doesn't even try to take itself
seriously yeah our army of Darkness
though um had more because the best word
would be style oh sure we're ashes ashes
a unique character and it all it's all
in the performance and it almost feels
like the whole movies ad-libbed
or is just saying like bizarre things
and it it's completely off the level of
realism the best part of Harvey of
Darkness is there's one shot or ashes
during the big battle scene at the end
where there's like one skeleton after
another coming up to him and it looks
like people just throwing dummies at him
I'm just picturing Sam Raimi like like
alright he's not telling Bruce Campbell
what he's doing I had action let me just
throw things at him yeah and then that's
this is missing that it feels more
produced which makes it a little more
bland right the the fact that they they
have a pretty solid script as far as
just sawed by solid I mean predictable
army darkness really didn't have that it
was all over the map ashes yelling
things and saying silly one-liners and
this this it didn't need to take it so
seriously but and which I think was the
only real detriment to the movie because
there was that in tone issues which I
can see people being confused by the
movie yeah it didn't it didn't feel
reckless enough right it was getting
there it was close in parts but yeah
it's funny you mention the script and I
was thinking about it like towards the
end of the movie I was like this is the
type of movie where really the plot
doesn't matter but it's one of the more
tightly plotted movies I've seen
recently and it really didn't need to be
as far as like being very coherence in a
way that a lot of
recent sort of action yes aren't how do
you best kill a witch cutting off her
head tends to work hate that one it
reminded me of like a 90s fantasy movie
mainly because um just something we
should mention is the there is a a troll
in the movie oh that was the best part
of the movie
yeah and it's um it's not a CGI troll
which is which was bizarre it was a guy
in a rubber costume who looked like a
cross between the rock monster in
neverending story
and a Dick Tracy villain oh sure I can
see that I was think I was thinking of
like the the Jim Henson projects from
the 80s yeah labyrinth in that time sure
sure that too is so rubber rubber suit
it was glorious it's a big rubber suit
with an animatronic face but the
production values also reminded me of
something on the par with like the
Dungeons & Dragons
yes Gretel we have to get that witch yes
yes she's a deadly witch a lead witch or
something
okay thanks I don't understand I was
phoning in my performance for Hansel and
Gretel just like jeremy renner yeah we
should talk about the performances in
the movie what this really lacks we keep
comparing its army of Darkness I guess
that's sort of the movie I kept being
reminded of during it what it lacked was
a Bruce Campbell type a smartass that is
almost doing everything in the movie
ironically as an actor yes and and
jeremy renner just looks like he doesn't
want to be there the girl I'm not
familiar with her she was a little
better but if she I've seen her in a
JCPenney catalog Oh modeling clothing
yeah yeah she she was a flatline Jeremy
Renner's flatline I mean they gave it
their half they treated it like a real
movie and that's not the way to do it I
don't think we're hunting witches
there's something else going on here we
have to find those kids
kudos to two fomka jensen though bum
fomka jensen is just chewing the scenery
in this and and she's the appropriate
level of intentionally bad yes at a
movie like this leads yeah she stands
out in the movie as something memorable
the Hansel and Gretel characters um do
not stand out at all and unfortunately
there are leads map didn't reach Jeremy
Irons levels no fine
yes sir
Jeremy Irons performance and Dungeons &
Dragons is the perfect I know I'm in a
terrible movie and I'm going to see what
I can get away with performance and then
this movie could have used some of those
yeah yeah and I feel sorry for poor film
cut Anson you know they say fomka Jensen
would you like to play a witch we feel
that your face now looks like a witch
when we apply which makeup to it
I'm trying to say this is tactfully as
possible let you go oh whatever
how much money do I get I'm sorry there
are no more roles for women in Hollywood
that are over 40 they play witches you
got Julia Roberts who was the Queen Evil
Queen and Mirror Mirror Charlize Theron
was also in a snow snow white things no
White and the Huntsman
Angelina Jolie is going to play the Evil
Queen and the Sleeping Beauty reboots so
watch out Kristen Stewart and Anne
Hathaway and all you young ladies you're
all going to end up which is start with
this
should anything to move I see you got my
invitation I have my sister
so would you recommend it's pretty much
out of theaters at this point but would
you recommend it yeah I would recommend
it I I would it's a it's a fun watch you
can't I mean our job is to overthink it
I don't think most people will they'll
watch it and laugh and go hey this is
kind of fun and there's lots of fun
witches at the end too yeah gathering of
witches and there's one with no legs the
fucking Hansel throws off a cliff and
then shoots while he's falling yeah that
was fun there the rabies twin yeah which
was disgusting oh it was great
there they were attached by their backs
so you're had their backs to each other
and then at one point they get chops
what kind of an Hannah or you can see
the gross flesh ripping yeah yeah I wish
they didn't rush through that scene I
wish it was a little more um they slowed
it down a little and didn't focus quite
so much on that the aftermath of that
because they go back to the candy house
at the end and it's like we brought
things full circle it she says what the
screenwriter was thinking he's like hey
I'm gonna bring this the script full
circle and it'll you know it'll bookend
the whole mood and and then femke
Jansen's karat rose we've brought the
script full circle she actually says
we've brought the script yeah he says
that line of it yeah and the writers
just like out whatever yeah
you got it
to see additional material from this
episode of half in the bag visit hot
buttered popcorn calm / red letter media
Jaya's
Oh
Jack the giant slayer is the new
action-packed film which is based on the
old folklore Jack and the Beanstalk the
movie stars Nicholas Hoult as Jack and
you and McGregor as a knight or
something like other films in this
current Hollywood trend Jack the giant
slayer takes a simple fairy tale and
injects it with violent steroids and
special effects we saw this film in a
theater where it was projected on a
screen Jay what did you think of Jack
and the Beanstalk slayer there's
probably a really enjoyable little
fantasy adventure buried in that movie
somewhere the movie is very okay on the
the grand scheme of things if you look
at the movie overall it felt very
generic and very just a part of this
trend of taking these simple you know
fairy tales and and making a bigger more
action-packed and and this falls right
in line with that some of the details
like the Ewan McGregor character I
didn't think was played out as it wasn't
like a smug asshole or like the way that
type of character he played another
movie he's likable Jack kind of takes a
step back from the action a lot as
opposed to just constantly trying to
prove himself yeah so there's nice
little touches like that but overall I
thought it's just too bloated see now I
think I'm totally disagreeing with you
on oh my god I think this was one of the
better films I've seen this year um
maybe my favorite so far oh my lord I
don't remember what else I've watched
this year what else have I watched this
year Oh a haunted house it's a close
call on that one no I I really really
liked this movie at the time I watched
it I just did not give a flying fuck
about Jack in the Beanstalk movie
seriously sure um and so the movie won
me over completely I liked the fact that
it was yes it was a Hollywood cash in on
a fairy tale we're going to take a fairy
tale what do people heard of what
blah blah blah but I think Bryan Singer
I think he took the material and he he
he elevated it no pun intended and made
it work in a in a classic way it
reminded me a lot of like Star Wars
almost like a he like a traditional a
hero's journey movie yeah with which
wasn't bogged down in in Twilight crap
like Jack and like when we saw a Spider
Man like okay they're doing a dark thing
yeah where we're meant to be together
it was it retained all the fairytale
elements it needed to to have the tone
of it was pretty perfect I in terms of
how the characters all played the roles
yeah some of the costumes too like the
king costume was like it was a little
little goofy but it worked as a
fairytale King costume yeah it wasn't
like trying to be um you know a dark
Ridley Scott a Robin Hood remake right
it was it was a fairytale movie yeah and
and it worked perfectly as that Jack was
was the the quintessential protagonist
the the he goes on this adventure he's
trying to win over the the princess and
like you said he wasn't overly it wasn't
Jack the giant slayer in the in the way
Hansel and Gretel were Hansel and Gretel
witch hunters right he wasn't like
attend to that um here's some giant race
hunger to conquer the mortals below what
waiting for the seeds of revenge to grow
faded into legend it's funny you mention
the Star Wars I was kind of thinking of
like Ray Harryhausen type movies that's
what this reminded me of a lot a lot of
tonally for most of its there's there's
parts where I wasn't sure like they kept
cutting away like they're about to like
rip a guy's head off or about to eat him
and they would awkwardly cut away and I
was like did they do that did they cut
that was they they shoot it that way or
was that something I had to do an
editing to to lessen the rating cuz it's
not a very hard pg-13 but stuff like
that album where I was just like it's
kind of harsh for this this very light
movie and then you've got the the troll
like eating his boogers and one of them
farts yeah and it's like every troll in
every movie now has to eat boogers and
fart I thought that was weird but
overall I liked the trolls yeah I think
we both agree on the ending well this is
this is really what kind of killed the
movie for me like I didn't hate it it is
a watchable movie the first half or so I
really liked what completely killed it
for me was there's a certain point where
the movie logically could have ended and
I knew it wasn't going to because it's a
modern-day retelling of a fairy tale and
you have to have Lord of the Rings scale
battles so I knew it wasn't going to end
at this particular moment I wish it had
oh it would have been a nice sort of
quaint simple ending that would have
been satisfying but instead we have to
go on for another 45 minutes of this
long battle action sequence and I just
didn't care about it at all there there
is an ending which feels like it's an
ending of this movie which could
possibly lead into a sequel it wasn't
just the fact that it added to the
running time it felt like a natural
conclusion of the movie yeah whenever so
whenever a movie gets to a point where
it feels like it's the natural
conclusion and you're like
and then and then does more than then it
always makes it feel like more of a
chore after that that's what the last
half of this movie felt like to me yeah
it's like when you have a full meal and
then the waiter comes by and goes here's
more food you have to really and I
thought I was done so but but that it
also diffused the the entire first part
of the movie which is um you know they
have to obviously rescue the princess
from the giant land because she goes up
the Beanstalk by herself but the looming
threat that the Giants are going to get
down to the planet is the movie yeah
it's like well if we're going to use a
Star Wars comparison it's like if the
Death Star blew up Gavin and then after
that there's something else that happens
yeah the looming threat is that the
Death Star is going to blow up the
planet that they're on right you don't
let that happen in the movie when that's
the gigantic threat
i scooted
you can make a Venn diagram though with
you and McGregor for this movie
oh yeah cuz you have you have yeah
multiple actors from the Phantom Menace
than this you got Warwick Davis the guy
who played oh really what's his name
Rick Oh Lee great Oh Lee pilot on the
Naboo starship Cruiser yeah you have him
and then you have Ewan McGregor yeah and
then you have the guy that played spud
in Trainspotting and Ewan McGregor and
Trainspotting so Brooke where we go yeah
one other thing I wanted to bring up was
I really like the first appearance of
the Giants there's a lot of setup before
they show the Giants which is nice
because it follows the movie rule of not
showing a creature too soon in the film
for fear of spoiling the whole movie and
a dual out information gradually that's
what makes a movie interesting to watch
they take a while to show the Giants and
the first time they do it's very
reminiscent of like Jurassic Park I
remember the scene where the t-rex
appears they don't show a t-rex in the
first five minutes of Jurassic Park they
sort of wait for that yeah and and the
scene is very similar because it's
raining and there's water involved and
you hear life and so it's a nice build
up and reveal of the creature which I
thought was nice and you don't see that
too much yeah anymore but the trolls
looked good and it's funny because we
just watched Hansel and Gretel before
this which had a rubber suit troll um
these are giants whatever different
they're all the same
they'll fart neat boogers and all these
movies and they and they sell model
which end like that but yeah the the
Giants looked really good and it's a
good comparison because the the troll in
Hansel and Gretel was perfect for what
it needed to be yeah it didn't need to
be flashy crazy CGI it needed to be a
rubber suit this you obviously can't
make 19 foot tall giants so it's the
perfect application of CGI and and it
looks pretty good too plus all the
Giants have their own unique look to
them and their own personalities even
even though it was distracting to me
through the film because one giant
particular looks a lot like windy
Winston from the Garbage Pail Kids movie
that would explain all the farting
so overall would you recommend Jack and
the Beanstalk slayer I would
wholeheartedly recommend it okay it's a
it's a a well made movie a classic
classic fairy tale movie with steroids
that works where you can take a classic
story like Jack and the Beanstalk and
make it into a big bloated action movie
in it actually works the elevated the
material and and it is it
it's a classic hero's journey type movie
like a Star Wars or a movie like that
without the the eye rolling Twilight
romance shits or without trying to be
too dark or without trying to have too
much kung-fu in it any action and
explosions and there is all that stuff
but it's it's perfectly balanced in my
opinion perfectly balanced what's that
makes up for the bloated ending yeah so
that's that's what completely because it
completely deflated the conclusion of
the story for me that ending and it was
just like mind-numbing to watch it
really so I would recommend the movie
but maybe when you see there's like 45
minutes left just just leave
well Jay after just watching a Hansel
and Gretel and Jack the giant slayer
let's talk a little bit about where
movies come from there's two types of
movies one is an original idea and two
is a ripoff of that idea original ideas
I remember those
it seems ages ago
well there's movies that come out and
we'll call them watershed movies they're
usually movies that make a ton of money
they're usually an original idea and and
everyone wants to make a movie just like
it some movies like this for example
would be like Star Wars Pulp Fiction the
matrix which which started off a craze
of hip action movies with bullet time
and stand up slowed down kind of stuff
the Blair Witch Project that's gonna
started found-footage movies which is
still going a more recent example would
be the Harry Potter movies obviously the
first Harry Potter movie was a huge
success and that was based on a series
of books aimed at young adults there
were sort of fantasy books so that began
the Hollywood orgy of what do we got
let's look for books that young adults
read that we could make Harry Potter
esque movies out of now especially
looking for ones that were already a
series of books because then you can
make more movies yeah so one of the big
ones that they started off with was The
Chronicles of Narnia The Lion the Witch
and the Wardrobe which is of course the
CS Lewis novels and I think there was a
sequel called the Golden Compass but
there certainly were a lot of other
Harry Potter knockoff movies what might
those be Lemony Snicket's A Series of
Unfortunate Events Nanny McPhee Eragon
Bridge to Terabithia in cart what what
The Spiderwick Chronicles
Percy Jackson and the Olympians the
lightning thief what so those are all
good clear-cut examples of movies that
came out based on the success of Harry
Potter can very easily be traced back to
that movie yes but now after a period of
zombie movies and superhero movies the
current trend in Hollywood seems to be
making darker versions of fairy tales
and big dumb action movies based on
classic literature or just on title
recognition alone yeah so Jay where do
all these goddamn fairy tale and action
movies come from well unlike Bridge to
Terabithia and movies such as that it's
hard to pinpoint it back to one specific
movie it sort of seems to be a few
different things that have inspired this
that if somehow worked their way into
fairy tales one of the examples would be
something like Twilight where you have
sort of a supernatural element a monster
horror elements so that lends itself
well to certain fairy tale stuff you
have like Red Riding Hood with Amanda
Seyfried from the director of Twilight's
Snow White and the Huntsman which stars
Kristen Stewart from Twilight there's
also the film beastly which is Beauty
and the Beast for the Twilight crowd and
there's also a new series on the CW
called Beauty and the Beast which is
Beauty and the Beast for the Twilight
crowd but then we have another trend
which kind of comb engels with the other
trend and it's big dumb action movies
based on classic literature or title
recognition which oftentimes includes
fairy tales as well fairy tale stories
that are done in an action movie style
and don't necessarily have a teen
romance inspired by Twilight right is
everyone following along yes Noah in the
Huntsman would probably cross over into
this category as well yeah yeah but
first up would be Hansel and Gretel of
course not a romance movie but a big
dumb violent action movie
from a fairy tale we also have Sherlock
Holmes that came out recently which is
of course based on the stories of Sir
Arthur Conan Doyle but done in a
gigantic dumb Michael Bay action movie
style well they also brought back Robin
Hood again yes but this time it was dark
Robin Hood of course there was lots of
violence and dark moments in it it
wasn't the traditional Robin Hood and
his Merry Men kind of fairy tale story
it was an action movie a war movie kind
of it was very very strange
there's also Alice in Wonderland
directed by Tim Burton which
inexplicably ends with a Lord of the
Rings style battle sequence you know why
why cuz why not Alice in Wonderland the
original ending was what she woke up
yeah and coming out soon we have oz the
great and powerful which adds that
element that I thought the original
Wizard of Oz was missing which is giant
fight scenes yeah if you look back at it
now the original Wizard of Oz is kind of
boring um it's just a lot of music and
story and adventure and great costumes
and sets I mean yeah it has all that
crap but it doesn't have a giant battle
at the end and really that's what we
need we need a giant battle I mean the
the witch had her look flying monkeys
you know and and they came after them
but did they launch flaming rocks at
them did did they explode the the the
Emerald City did the Emerald City blow
up no well speaking of director Bryan
Singer who did the x-men movies and they
made that x-men first class movie and
Nicholas Hoult who was in the Beanstalk
movie was the young beast in x-men first
class oh yeah that's right and you know
who else was in that Jennifer Lawrence
oh yeah she played mystique in line with
him
I wonder if they'd be able to get her
back for the sequel now that she's won
an Academy Award uh probably not
I thought she would go back to
small role like that it could only trip
up her career too soon
