Jan 28, 2013
EXTRAS: Copycat Films and More Styrofoam Beating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITpZU9cy9t0
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/295966583220744193
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/538768522814671
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-extras-copycat-films-and-more-styrofoam-beating

Half in the bag.
Well this movie is just
one example of a series of films that
are awful and destroying comedy I would
say yeah they're awful and they're cheap
to make which is why they keep making
them because they always make money
because they cost so little well to be
fair J that that is the history of
movies though I mean they're the sci-fi
horror comedy stuff I mean got all of
them going way back I mean there were a
lot of movies in the 50s that teenagers
went to drive-ins just to watch and they
were crapoly made they were quickly made
and they're made
you know the tack of the squid monster
you know like the 50s was the b-movie
period yeah and they were shit and there
were there were good artistic films that
came out then and there's probably
someone in the 50s drinking beers and a
VCR repair sure I'm complaining about
the tag of the squid monster it feels
more cynical today for some reason I
don't know why but it's the same shit
same with comedies too you know people
look down on slapstick for for a while
you know I mean maybe not in the early
early days the Chaplin was a worldwide
star you know but after that it's like
Three Stooges I mean they were that
wasn't considered high art no that was
always lowbrow yeah yeah so there it's
the same thing today it's just recycled
there are still people making good
movies of course yeah but there's this
stuff and it's teenagers and dimwits go
to see it so what would the difference
be then why does it seem worse now than
than previewed because you look at like
the 80's comedies and the big popular
movies in the 80s was like you know the
the very early 80s was Porky's and there
was an endless stream of poor he's
really dumb sex comedies so what is the
difference between those and these spoof
movies of today like what makes these
worse is it is it like I look back at a
movie like screwballs I've seen that
film I'm assuming you probably have not
that's the epitome of a Porky's ripoff
there's a lot of risk
actually low low-budget stuff like that
in the 80s but you look at it now and
there's sort of a charm to it we're like
oh it's not funny but ah I don't think
anyone will look back with any sort of
nostalgia goggles on disaster movie
no no because all the references are
dated six months after the movie comes
out well I think it goes to your your
your statement that that references are
not jokes and I think with those older
movies like every genre will have its
appeal like monster movies it's to see
the monster to see the monster destroy
things and action movies and horror
movies it's to see people get killed and
blood on a comedy it's it's um it's it's
to laugh and to see jokes construct sex
comedies it's it's to see dirty jokes to
see girls in the shower and someone
peeking at them in the shower and
boobies and all things like that they
have that they have their place - yeah
you have to look at the core of he'll um
and with this movie this movie in
particular um with with spoof movies
yeah like Naked Gun you know spoofing
cop stuff airplane spoofing those movies
there's specific genre jokes that are
used like Leslie Nielsen's character was
it Frank Drebin good old Frank Travis
yes Frank drop is he's just incompetent
and and stupid and makes mistakes and
and and he's supposed to be a cop and
that's sort of the joke um but with this
movie there's there's there's no
reference or so frame of reference other
than where these are things that you've
seen in the Paranormal Activity movies
yeah it's now happening here or even
worse than someone farts yeah yeah
they're in bed just like paranormal
activity and then someone farts but
what's even worse is that it's
referencing movies that nobody cares
about like that The Devil Inside that
was a movie that came out it made a
decent amount of money because it was
the only movie out in January but no
one's going to remember it
you know so outside of the fact that
you're referencing it there is no joke
airplane very funny movie I've never
seen Airport you know you don't have to
see it to find out movie funny and like
that or Naked Gun or movies like that
there are there is some mild
characterization to the characters
there's an attempt to make you care
about these people it's really corny
yeah but it's in there and that's
appreciated like lieutenant Frank Drebin
and and his relationship with Priscilla
Presley's character in that or the the
two main characters of airplane where
it's like odd they get together at the
end and it's cute and charm in a really
sort of simplistic way but at least it's
there get it out get it out of your head
fuck is it out I just forgot my
childhood but I remember a haunted house
perfect well Jimmy now okay I want to
get rid of a haunted house let me think
about it marlon wayans but gets fucked
in the ass and his wife poops in a
toilet while doing a Rubik's Cube go my
own way ins gets fucked in the ass while
his wife poops in a toilet while doing
the Rubik's Cube Marlon Wayans fucks his
wife in her Rubik's Cube Marlon Wayans
is a comedic genius oh shit the opposite
