Mar 14, 2013
Oz the Great and Powerful and Return to Oz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qUv4Lg_ocs
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/312299869933031424
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/557137920985264
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-oz-the-great-and-powerful

Half in the bag.
Hey, don't you got anything better to do?
What about Bob
speed Keanu Reeves movie pay it forward
Mike yeah do you think it's smart to
still be here why did you pass gas is
there a gas leak something to do with
gas no because last time we saw mr.
blinken he called us out on her scam I
don't even think we're still working for
him you know it's the weird part is that
I haven't seen mr. plinkus for a day or
two now I think it's time to come clean
Mike I think we need to tell mr.
Plunkett that we haven't been working on
his VCR and maybe maybe even let him
know that VHS has been a dead technology
for at least 15 years
I don't know Jay I like where you're
going with the whole VCR thing maybe we
could pretend to be AV guys and we're
coming to install his new home theater
system and we could take a couple years
to do it it'll be a whole new scam Mike
no more scams yeah
this does feel kind of pathetic maybe
you're right Jay I tell you what let's
go see a movie we'll come back and if
mr. plinkus here will you know have
talked with them and come clean sounds
good what movie should we see how about
Oz the great and powerful is that the
movie starring Melissa McCarthy is an
eccentric character spouting weird
things and doing wacky improv yes
oh if ever Oh ever always there was the
Wizard of Oz is one because because
because because because because because
of the wonderful things he does dudududu
Mike Mike what that's not the movie we
just saw oh right
what I meant was Hey look but the VCR is
gone not just wiring on it that was this
one we're here bro please stop I don't
know I don't know anyone huh
mr. blanket what who's there who's there
what are you doing I'm trying to fix my
VCR but I have to get in its head first
I have to take it apart I figure out how
it works uh okay I better figure out
that so what tips Oh a plank it's acting
kind of strange isn't he yes Jay yes he
is
step this way see the most wondrous
sights imaginable Kansas is full of good
man I don't want to be a good man I want
to be a great one
you're gonna need that
oz the great and powerful is a prequel
to the classic 1939 MGM musical The
Wizard of Oz or maybe it's just an
adaptation of another one of the elf
frank baum thirteen Wizard of Oz books I
don't know it's something whatever
you've heard the name Oz so here's
another movie about it in this film we
see how a phony magician traveling
through Kansas gets whisked away to the
magical land that shares his name and
how he eventually becomes the Wizard of
Oz we've all come to know in order to
take his place as the new king of this
magical land oz must first defeat the
evil Wicked Witch and her army of flying
baboons will Oz defeat the Wicked Witch
will he fall in love with Mila Kunis or
Michelle Williams how close can a studio
get to infringing on Warner Brothers
copyright all these questions and more
are answered in Oz the not-so-great and
not so powerful Mike what did you think
of Oz the great and powerful you know I
I mentioned last time we saw a movie and
the last movie we saw was Jack and the
giant Beanstalk Jack the Giants whatever
I saw a jakab giant Beanstalk I'm like
how give a flying fuck about jack and
giant Beanstalk and then I sat down and
watched it and it won me over and I
thoroughly enjoyed it this movie I kind
of wanted to punch it in the face a
couple times and then sometimes it was
like oh that's kind of neat do you think
it wasn't just James Franco you wanted
to punch in the face to punch a lot of
people in the face this movie but I mean
I'm not not angry about it I mean that's
that's one thing I think you should get
out right off the bat is that they're
there no one needs to complain that this
will be ruined The Wizard of Oz or is
somehow does anything like that because
there have been a million different
movies about Oz and it doesn't matter
well and sequels to the original book
just an endless series of sequels to the
Wizard of Oz in book form in movie form
adaptations the muppet Wizard of Oz with
Quentin Tarantino for some reason um I
don't know if he played the wizard I
never saw it but yeah just lots and lots
of it's just one of those things that
there's just going to be an endless
supply of
also wasn't the first Wizard of Oz movie
there was already a version of it before
that one so whatever a series has been
raped since the beginning of film yeah I
mean remaking The Wizard of Oz with
Dorothy and lion and all those
characters it's kind of taboo you know
it's kind of like remaking gone with the
wind or Citizen Kane or something along
those lines which they didn't really do
so III think there's two ways to look at
this movie one is as just a general
audience family movie that tries to pay
respect to the original Wizard of Oz
movie and sort of complement it as its
own story and I think in that respect
most general audiences will like it we
saw it with a lot of kids and they seem
to be enjoying it laughing a silly
monkey and all that stuff so I think I'm
in that respect it succeeds I don't give
a fuck about kids or families or family
movies at all so the other way to look
at it is as a Sam Raimi movie Sam Raimi
has been one of my favorite filmmakers
he's actually the person that made me
want to get into filmmaking so I was
watching this as a movie I couldn't care
less about as far as a Wizard of Oz
prequel and just sort of watched it for
those little Sam Raimi moments and
things that I sort of liked about his
style and there ended up being more of
it in this than I would have expected
which I was pleasantly surprised by
sterile City you are here at last
prophecy shall be fulfilled this is my
sister evanora I'm here to serve you the
Royal treasure of Oz it belongs to you
he has such a casual attitude about the
fact that he's making movies he knows
what he's doing is not important in the
grand scheme of the world and when you
watch one of his movies you you never
forget that you're watching a movie and
there's sort of a lady set quaintness to
that sort of uh it feels sort of like a
throwback to old Hollywood and that's an
aspect of his movies that I appreciate
he's always had this attitude where I
mean the first Evil Dead movie exists he
made a horror movie he has didn't have
much interest in horror movies he made
it because it was a row that you can
sell very easily and for your first
movie that's what you're gonna do so
he's always had this quality tomb of
just sort of trying to please an
audience whatever audience it's going to
be please an audience and make back the
money for the people that are willing to
pay for your film he's always had that
sort of mentality about him so the goes
all the way from Evil Dead to this
there's a much larger scale movie
chasing is not really an artist yeah
he's never say and and he's never I mean
I would say Evil Dead 2 as a fucking
work of art but he's never had any sort
of pretense about what he's doing
there's a book I've had since I was a
little kid since I first got into the
Evil Dead movies called filmmaking on
the fringe I have no idea if it's still
in print but it's just interviews with
all these b-movie directors and Sam
Raimi got his start with the Coen
brothers they collaborated and worked on
stuff together and the interviewer asked
like how do you feel about the fact that
the Coen brothers are now making these
these critically acclaimed movies these
really great films that you know play
film festivals and you're just a hack
basically he's like I don't care like I
make movies to entertain an audience and
please the people that's are willing to
give me money to make movies so I that
that complete lack of pretense about
what he's doing is is sort of refreshing
for a filmmaker that gets the job of
most directors and storytellers is to
just give the audience what they need
this
seed and let them grow the story in
their mind and come in here with a
little bit of water and let them grow
some more and put a little sunshine in
and that's what I tried to do was tried
to just find those pieces that they
needed it's I kind of feel like the
character of Oz is similar to Sam Raimi
in a lot of ways racist like this little
man behind the curtain
that's like pulling levers and pulling
cords and just trying to please an
audience that he's was way beyond his
reach you know he's at his best when
he's working with smaller films and
that's why I'm saying like this movie I
really didn't care about it all that
much but and I was watching it more from
the perspective of like what's he gonna
try and work into this to make it feel a
little more personal than some of these
type of movies usually do towns were
destroyed children were orphaned a great
wizard from Kansas I've waited for you
to come set things right I mean if I
were to just encapsulate what I didn't
like about the movie it felt it felt
very clever um but it didn't feel like
magical
no it didn't it's just so magical I
didn't have that that element from the
first one and I got the angle like the
Wizards a fraud and he has to prove
himself and you know he becomes Oz the
great and powerful in the end and um
yeah oddly enough ends up being a very
Sam Raimi type lead characters like this
not too many differences between him and
ash which I thought was interesting yeah
yeah actually this whole movie kind of
felt like a army of Darkness for little
kids there's a lot of similarities to
the structure which I thought was funny
yeah there is that whole traveling to
another land Charlie to another land
being considered this much greater than
you really are and then there's that
montage sequence where they're getting
ready to battle the election er army it
it's like just like that sequence in
every department yeah yeah
did those crows just say we're gonna die
what really drags us movie down is that
almost every role is completely miscast
yes almost every performance in this
movie is bad and they're not all bad
actors they're just not right for these
parts right and the the corny Sam Raimi
tone I think they didn't know what to do
with it um yeah that I except for
Michelle Williams Michelle she was like
this island of The Good Witch yeah
whatever but I agree with you on the the
ending there are the battle stuff like
that's what I that's the clever stuff in
the movie I didn't see the Alice in
Wonderland movie but that just devolves
into a dumb battle a lot of these movies
do that's a that's the structure for
these type of films now unfortunately
and it's this one kind of subverted
Italy it had a it had a very clever way
of putting action and adventure into the
movie which stayed true with the
character it's a good script yeah um a
wizard has to prove himself but he's you
know fraud and he he's a con man he
knows magic illusions trickery and
that's all put to use in the film it's
not just come on everybody let's fight
the big monster right which you know
that that that was all the stuff that I
liked um especially the ending I don't
want to give away the ending and what he
does at the end and you're like no it's
sad as well that's a story leveled sense
yeah um but if we're gonna talk about
the actors now let's talk about the
actors the whole thing was magical I you
know I it was a long shoot but I loved
you know working with Sam again and all
the other actors it was um James Franco
uh I don't think anyone likes him and
and yet he stars in feature films
especially after his Oscar debacle he's
very weird I think his whole career is
like performance art because he's like a
weird artist type and he does these
little art shows and weird things and
then he stars on these big movies and he
just looks like he doesn't belong like
he doesn't want to be there I would say
he's better in this than he was in the
Planet of the Apes movie there he just
looked like he was ready to fall asleep
at any time yeah
I just wanted to go smoke some weed or
something he's okay in the the kind of
smaller moments in this movie but when
he's supposed to be playing like the the
huckster conman womaniser stuff he's
just he's just making that dumb grin and
you just want to punch him yeah yeah he
has the stoner face and he has senator
sort of a marble mouth syndrome
Mushmouth syndrome mm-hmm I like Mila
Kunis I mean was since we're on the
subject of who's in this movie Mila
Kunis is good it's a very good actress
um I thought she was better than Natalie
Portman and Black Swan
Natalie Portman sucks yeah in that movie
that's my opinion I don't want to go off
on a tangent here Mila Kunis stole that
movie uh yeah I never I think she was
better to a good movie wasn't printed on
her and everyone focuses the attention
on her she's brilliant than Black Swan
not bad I know she just mope around Mila
Kunis did a great job in Black Swan
she's really talented but she does her
and James Franco do all these shit
movies and I see her in movies like that
and I see James Franco in like the
stoner comedies pineapple Express and
yeah which is the type of role he should
be playing yeah I know Matt I you
mention army of Darkness a young bruce
campbell in a row like this god it would
have been great yeah like doing the the
1920's voice or come on guys let's go
I'm a I'm a hot stick come on Jenn James
Franco is James Franco in every movie
viewers will experience a fantastical
world and a great story speaking of
Natalie Portman that I kind of got the
in Mila Kunis in this movie I got the
Natalie Portman in the prequels vibe
during the first half of the movie
oh she kind of doesn't seem to know
what's going on just saying words and
then I guess without getting spoilers
she kind of goes through a
transformation throughout the movie and
then in the second half of the movie
she's just terrible well speaking of
prequels there was indeed a cartoon
monkey in this movie that they meet in
the woods oh right yeah and
the first thing he says is miss all your
life death and then I went off far I
couldn't believe that nobody said you
know this is really close to the Fanta
Bettis maybe we should change some of
this dialogue a bit might actually be
or either great man we've been waiting
for
I think the main problem with this movie
is there aren't any charismatic actors
in it
that's what drags it down yeah that's
the big problem it's it's James Franco I
don't know why he was cast maybe because
he's friends with Sam Raimi from being
in the service but you need an actor who
has some real charm and charisma and can
do a range James Franco has no range as
an actor he just mumbles words and I
think he is doing it as a joke being a
Hollywood actor as some sort of weird
performance art I don't know how how he
is a box-office draw in anyway yeah I
don't know he doesn't come off as a guy
who would actually have his own magic
show at a traveling circus you know he
comes off as basically James Franco and
a top hat it's just uh just phoning in
his performance what Lincoln I'm gonna
put this back no I gotta put that that
goes oh shit here Mike I think mr.
blanket is smoking meth he's got a
little pipe there and a baggie filled
with white powder they're sores all over
his face and he's acting really strange
well of course he's smoking meth isn't
it great it means we could run our scam
all over again he's the one breaking his
own VCR now who's he gonna get to fix it
these guys I don't know Mike this looks
pretty serious laughs whatever he's old
he's gonna die soon anyways
in fact we once tried to throw him off a
bridge and we've tried to murder him
numerous times why do you suddenly care
now look Mike this time it's different
okay this time the storyline demands it
oh right you want to talk some more
about Oz the great and powerful what did
we watch it
you think they should have delayed the
release of this movie because of that
that hot air balloon tragedy that
happened in Egypt oh yeah soon I walk
soon as like that's all I could think
about really it's really insensitive of
filmmakers of The Wizard of Oz to do
that insensitive they're exploiting that
tragedy and I really think they should
have cut all the scenes with the hot-air
balloon each background person has been
personally designed the hair and the
costume the makeup at all fits as if it
was meant to be on that person they go
to lollipop land yeah and there are no
midgets there except for five there's
like live yeah why are there grownups
there I'm sorry midgets are growing
hardened my mic hello you can't actually
you shouldn't say midgets just say
little people lunch khun's how about
munchkins most common why are there no
munchkins there there there's a handful
there's like a dozen munchkins just so
they can have a nod to it but I don't
know if they thought it would be weird
to have a city full of munchkins in this
day and age like politically incorrect
or yea began to pitch in kitchen
that's what I was thinking of my two
thoughts were one it's they're gonna
worry that it's politically incorrect
right um and two is that in Hollywood
it's probably more expensive to hire
little people they probably charge more
yeah then regular just generic extras
you not to pay them anything you pay
them like minimum wage but munchkins
little people probably charge an arm and
a leg no pun intended
well Jay what did you think of uh uh uh
what did we watch yes would you
recommend it no yes I did you just
answer for me uh not really I mean if
you followed the career Sam Raimi and
you're curious whatever that's that's
kind of like I said that's what I got
out of it was just watching it as a Sam
Raimi movie you can see what he could
put in there in the grander scheme of a
larger scale movie like this I hope
peace Dobbs well you have to be like a
hardcore Sam Raimi fan to watch this
because you're following the career of
Sam rain it's it's you know it's the
only reason I was curious to see this if
he didn't direct it I would have not
cared at all about watching this yeah I
I gotten 5% Sam Raimi out of this movie
like it just seemed like a big-budget
Disney kid's movie to me so well that's
that's that's who I would recommend it
to was like if you got kids or a family
it's it's pretty sick it's it's it's
safe it's not offensive but it's also a
little better than most kids
entertainment today yeah yeah and I
think that's what Sam Raimi brings to it
it's a little slower pace it's not like
like you said that um yeah Madagascar
movies where everyone's yelling and
screaming and write a song and yeah it's
not the chipmunk movie right it's
smarter than than those kinds of movies
and less less pathetic yeah so for that
it's good and it's very clever
but for me the the sense of adventure
wonderment the magic that the original
had and I'm not comparing this to the
original because it would be wholly
unfair but the mists the music had
missed the adventure I I recently
watched the original Wizard of Oz and it
you know needless to say it holds up
sure because it's held up for 90 years
um so that movie though is a special
movie and this is just a box-office cash
grabs Locke yeah basically that's that's
harsh that's sorry it's a good it's fine
so as a contrast to Oz the great and
powerful we decided to watch Return to
Oz yes a I think mostly forgotten Oz
movie from the 80s yeah we watched this
movie because technically it's a sequel
to Wizard of Oz not really but and Oz
the great and powerful is a prequel so
we figured we'd watch prequel in the
sequel and compare and contrast notes on
them and they are both very different
films to say the least yeah yeah Return
to Oz is a depressing nightmare it's the
most depressing movie you will ever see
well that's not true actually
that would be Bucky Larson born to be a
star
oh but for a kid's film Return to Oz is
very very dark and depressing I don't
know if I would say it's a completely
successful movie but it's a more
interesting movie definitely it has its
problems like any movie has its problems
but I like the well let's let's let's
mention the premise for those who don't
know it takes place six months after
Dorothy has gone Dazs and she the movie
starts off with her lying in her bed in
a deep depression looking like she wants
to kill herself yeah yeah and her
parents are talking about how she's
mentally deranged because she keeps
talking about a place called Oz so their
solution
is to to take her to a doctor to have
her get electroshock therapy on her
brain in a psychiatric hospital yes they
leave her there overnight and she has to
lay in her bed and listen to people in
other rooms screaming in horrible pain
so they strap her to a table why do you
have to tie me down
you mentioned watching it you you're
picturing Judy Garland and yeah as this
picture a Judy Garland being strapped
down to a table and brought into a room
where they're about to shock her brain
but giving the same type of performance
she gave in the original movie that
would have been wonderful so it's just
it starts off kind of dark it continues
on she gets to Oz by drowning in a river
and then during a thunderstorm
yeah when apparently the psychiatric
hospital burned to the ground and
everyone died while she was in Oz and
then she wakes up in Oz and at the spot
where her original house landed which
was in the lollipop land or whatever and
it's like overgrown forest and
everything's destroyed the yellow brick
road is torn up for some reason it's
completely demolished and the Emerald
City is it was attacked by a nuclear
bomb everyone's turned to stone people
that their heads cut off the Cowardly
Lion committed suicide yeah uh but with
that all said this movie was made in the
mid-80s probably during the era of the
darker children's fantasy movies a la
neverending story Dark Crystal
there's probably numerous other one
labyrinth those type of years yeah yeah
so and and that was that was interesting
because I liked that element of it
I remember watching neverending story as
a kid and getting kind of scared at
parts especially like when the the horse
gets sucked in quicksand
oh my god it's horrifying yeah and it's
it's sad and it's scary but but all
those are are elements of a fantasy
adventure being scared being terrified
by something that's that's that's truly
frightening adventure excitement all
that is is encapsulated in an adventure
that they don't make stuff like that
anymore no no that's thinking about that
in comparison to the new Oz movie no in
this new one no one ever really feels
like they're in danger everything's
everything's bright and colorful and fun
and then this movie Return to Oz
everything is turned to shit Oz is the
drab depressing dark place there's these
wheeler characters that are creepy and
then there's the princess lady that
takes off her heads and has a cabinet
full of heads and they're all alive and
they're all looking around and it's like
nightmare fuel
but all that existing makes the ending
more satisfying when things turn around
and you have a happy ending yeah it
falls in line with with true children's
fairy tale stories which we really
didn't touch on when we watched fairy
tale movies is that children's fairy
tales have always been a little dark and
it's because they're meant to teach
children a lesson the boy who cried wolf
gets eaten by a wolf at the end yeah the
lesson is don't lie right and there's
all these like terrifying things that
happen in children's fairy tales and and
that's why I liked Return to Oz it was
because it I think it makes you
well-rounded as a kid if you have other
emotions other than everything's a happy
rainbow right which is today's society
and kids today everything like
playgrounds are made out of foam
everyone's always scared and everything
for kids is super sanitized and and in
this cozy warm bubble of protection
there is there's nothing that's really
edgy or dark or anything for kids and
and that's what I liked about that movie
and they don't make them like that no
they're still I mean you can go back
even farther and talk about like the old
Disney the old Disney movies like
Pinocchio or all the kids are turning
into donkeys and it's terrifying and
there's things like that and there are
elements in some modern movies like that
but not so easy it still exists but not
to the extent like I think of The
Incredibles there's that moment in The
Incredibles where the mom is in the cave
with the two kids and she flat-out tells
them like there are people out there
grown-ups that will fucking kill you so
there are little moments like that and
in movies that have still have respect
for kids as young adults in a way than a
movie like oz the great and powerful and
like those Madagascar movies and stuff
like that that is just generic Bland's
like everything's friendly and Kitty and
I mean there's always been movies like
that too but it seems to be less so now
with the darker stuff but at least it
sticks with you
I remember watching Return to Oz as a
kid
up until we just watched it now I hadn't
seen it since I was a kid but there's so
many things about it though we're just
like burned into my brain because
because they're horrifying scary moments
yeah darker moments darker moments and I
can't imagine any kid remembering magic
fond memories of Oz the great and
powerful no I can't remember anything
that happened in the movie yeah no
results then you have a different
perspective but there's not those
moments that make you say oh shit our
heroes are really in trouble and they're
at that dark point in their adventure
and there really isn't that speaking of
oh look at that it's like an et right
this just happens to be sitting here
this is a good example 1981 82 83
something like that the the notorious
incident where the re re-release of this
movie Steven Spielberg had the guns now
of the FBI agents replaced with flowers
your walkie walkie talkie flowers and
balloons Auggie talkies bud I haven't
seen this movie since I was a kid um I
and I remember everything about it
especially the part where et fuckin dies
and that would never happen now yeah I
remember the creepy guys in the
biohazard suits and the tube the out
they keep Elliott in a quarantine
contamination area and et dies on the
operating table and then they're going
to cut him up and and and he turns gray
and and then it's sad at the end when he
leaves if they made this movie today
et would be a wacky hip-hop alien
sideways the thing that makes the
lighter elements in movies like ET or
returned Oz more satisfying is getting
through the scary stuff
building children mother put this back
dip back in the third
it's time it's done sure this isn't
funny anymore
I gotta get the singer working order
books nothing is in order everything's
in chaos
yes mr. blinken don't worry we're gonna
get you the help you need
Oh Thank You Jay yeah it all started off
so innocently I was I was walking down
the street and they told me the first
ones free but the other ones weren't I I
can admit it no I have a meth addiction
you
you
hi I'm actor rich Evans co-star the hit
webseries 1/2 in the back on our show
sometimes we make light of some very
serious situations but there is one
topic that's never funny meth addiction
if you or somebody you know is on meth
please call this number thank you
