Jul 16, 2013
Grown Ups 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jCkl-Vgc4-I
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/357201060571512835
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151549502962634
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151551488472634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-grown-ups-2
 
Half in the bag.
hello and welcome to
half in the bag I'm Jay and I'm Mike
well Pacific Rim may have pleased a lot
of nerds but the general audience has
spoken and they've made grown ups to the
number one film at the box office I'm so
glad we left the city this is such a
good place to raise a family
grown-ups too is the highly anticipated
sequel to the 2010 Adam Sandler hit
comedy grown-ups won the film follows
four funny guys as they reconnect with
their pasts open the window
so Mike what did you think of grown-ups
- well Jay I have to admit I actually
kind of liked this movie I was expecting
the worst after seeing you know Jack and
Jill you know I was expecting just a
really dumb lowbrow stupid Adam Sandler
comedy but I found myself laughing quite
a bit throughout this movie and and
actually really enjoying it yeah I
laughed a lot too which was surprising
yeah but there was some genuinely uh
like well executed how many sequences in
this and and some really good scenes
yeah yeah I won I found myself laughing
a lot and - you know I have to admit it
I I got a little choked up at kind of
some of the sentimentality in it it's a
little ham-fisted a little corny but you
know it it's a movie you know it was it
was genuinely touching yeah yeah and I
was thinking of myself and you know some
some friends that I've had what it would
be like to kind of go back and relive
your past and grow up and and it just it
struck home to me ultimately this movie
it's about friendship it's about good
times it's about growing up and I think
you would you would really just have to
be a complete stick in the mud to not
have a good time with these funny guys
that's right Jay this movie was like
being on vacation with a bunch of old
buddies and when Adam Sandler comes
around you know it's the height of the
summer movie season grownups - is a
movie where you can just relax have a
good time and enjoy the ride Sandler and
Friends turn up the comedy - 11 in this
new film that's as satisfying as it is
hilarious grownups - is like eating rat
poison
it really is a good idea Sandler is
hilarious and grownups - it's like fork
in the brain fork in the brain Adam
Sandler's funny bro I want to get
chocolate wasted stop thinking brain
we're going to hurt you
fourth - grammar work in the water boy
in the praha ha ha ha have a Gilmore
it's work all fall ha blender in my
brain I am holy over cow Moo and Sam is
hilarious bro what do you know
