Jun 6, 2013
The Hangover Part III and After Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sygqz9IgyU
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/342636389281714176
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151483653832634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-hangover-part-iii-and-after-earth

Previously on Half in the Bag.
come one come all to the ironic VHS viewing
party BYO VCR Harry once then buy
augmented this VHS into a WMD let's just
say we're gonna crash blankets little
party half in the bag hi what's up
I love perps Blue Ribbon Mike this is
crazy
like it's gonna recognize us J all we
got to do is get them to play this tape
then all these clowns in especially
plink it will no longer have working
VCRs it's a perfect plan trust me all
right
come on hello huh little man how's it
going please leave now J I think we're
in over our heads yeah and you know the
one person I don't see it this party's
blanket you're right but you know what I
have seen The Hangover Part 3
you want to talk about it
I told myself I would never come back
don't worry
it all ends tonight someone needs to
burn this place to the ground
whoo I like that the hangover 3 is the
third hangover film in name only mainly
because this film inexplicably has the
plot of an 80s heist movie the film
stars are old friends from the Wolf Pack
Zach Galifianakis
Cooper and Kim Jeong lil penis this time
around the wolf pack is looking for chow
and a bunch of stolen gold that belongs
to marshal of villainous kingpin
character played by John Goodman a man
we can all agree is a decade late on a
massive heart attack so Jay what did you
think of Hangover Part 3 uh you know
just as a movie just a standalone movie
it wasn't that bad there's some stuff in
it I kind of likes it's not very funny
but as a hangover movie it's completely
baffling in fact both hangover 2 and now
this one are really sort of clear
examples of just filmmakers completely
miscalculating what to do with the
sequel to a popular film
the second one is of course the exact
same movie but they said you know what
people really liked how's a knee and
funny and wacky the first one was let's
do the exact same storyline but take out
all the humor and make it look like a
saw film and this one is like you know
there's a crime element in the first
movie at one point they have to deal
with criminals so let's make a whole
movie about them dealing with a crime I
agree
I can't say I'm a big fan of these
movies I I enjoy them like kind of but I
always feel like I'm separated from it
like everyone else likes it and it's
just this thing like over there that I'm
aware of and the first one has its
function it has a pretty solid comedy
comedy premise it's a good comedy
premise yeah II promise that isn't
handled the best well its handle very
broadly and like
and understand why a lot of people like
that movie it just wasn't my it was -
everything's crazy yeah there's a baby
at all there's a tiger in the room boy
and there was no like there wasn't much
of a storyline to the first one no I
think we talked about that we talked
about the second one yeah it doesn't
feel like a mystery and they slowly
picking up clues and then that it's just
at the end oh he's on the roof he had
nothing to do and where is he we can't
find him yeah what all this crazy thing
happened while we were drunk this crazy
thing also happened while we were drunk
yeah no real progression of the story
and that's the second one is a carbon
copy of the first one even right down to
the wedding bachelor party plot but like
you said it's very very mean-spirited
very dark dingy you feel like you want
to take a shower after watching mm-hmm
you just feel gross I think what Todd
Phillips was going for and I think he's
doing it with this one too is some sort
of subversion I think that's what he was
going for with the second one like oh
you like the crazy antics of the first
movie here they are again but we're
gonna eliminate the wackiness of it and
then it's just like disturbing it's
gonna be about getting getting raped by
a transsexual hooker with AIDS right
like okay I guess that's funny yeah
exactly and then this one again like
this I started to like this one more
towards the end when I kind of got the
feeling that this movie was sort of Todd
Phillips his way of saying that he's
grown out of making these movies and
he's using the Zach Galifianakis
character as a sort of vessel to tell
that story cuz this whole movies about
him growing up and so I kind of got that
vibe at the end like you know I'm not
interested in making these dumb comedies
anymore well there's a couple real
obvious lines that that point to that
like I think Bradley Cooper at one point
says what are we watching oh yeah and
then at the end
Zach Galifianakis like I'm done with
this when we get together bad things
happen and people get hurt that's the
point it's funny like that's not really
funny right so I really got that vibe
that he was trying to express something
here which is it's not wholly successful
as a movie and definitely not successful
as a comedy sequel but at least it's
interesting
well this movie I I couldn't even
classify it as a comedy and in the way
that you would classify like lethal
weapon as a comedy there might be some
funny moments in this buddy cop movie
yeah but that this was more of a like a
crime thriller it was so strange like
well one bizarre aspect of the movie
starting right off is first scene
prison riot second scene animal gets
decapitated violently third seem funeral
fourth scene intervention for man with
mental health issues are you laughing
yet it's yeah Jay let me just say
funerals are hysterical and so is uh
decapitating a giraffe well there's a
way to do like I wouldn't call this a
dark comedy it didn't have that sort of
bright tone of a dark comedy no uh but I
mean you can do things like that and
make it sort of darkly funny but I
wasn't sure what this movie was trying
to do what it started no I the giraffe
decapitation scene like when I saw that
I was like oh no I was movie work we're
in for really really dumb humor yeah it
doesn't doesn't attempt anything like
that again and then after the fact I'm
like that was kind of brilliant like I
just pictured them all just saying
that's what's the dumbest way to open
this movie he's driving a giraffe down
in the draft it's head-on oh well he's a
wacky character he does weird things oh
he's driving with a giraffe and it's
like oh no they're taking like the
broadest strokes of this character and
the movies gonna be bad I'm done it then
it takes goes from that the depths of
stupidity and then it kind of brings it
up to realistic levels and kind of does
some coming-of-age father-son issues and
then you're like what but like there
were a few laughs in this movie there's
a real big one at the end I don't want
to spoil it um not mostly but all laughs
come from Zach elfin axis character um
obviously yeah cuz no one else is really
funny they're situationally funny like
Ed Helms isn't funny ed Helms doesn't do
much of anything
I mean you know a movie I really liked
at Helm's in' no no get it away from me
Oh No
so Jada's todd phillips right these
movies to because this film felt like a
repurposed screenplay that someone found
in a dumpster yeah it did it felt like
because that's what all those diehard
sequels are every die-hard sequel is a
script to something else that they turn
into a die hard movie and this certainly
didn't feel like a hangover movie no I
think it might have been oh the ending
takes place in Vegas let's
reappropriation
yeah the problem is is um like you said
the the focus of it or the purpose of it
a hangover movie people want to see the
people waking up in a bathtub filled
with urine and a hooker on their face
and yeah a monkey running around in a
bellhop uniform and mike tyson's tiger
and all away but we got so wasted man we
forgot everything this one has nothing
like that it's just a little crime
thriller and and and in the end they
slap on a post-credits scene that where
that happens for some reason well that
post-credit scene feels like
again todd phillips just complete lying
and mocking the entire like what made
the series popular which is why i get
the impression he doesn't want to make
these why not make a good hangover movie
then well the hangover that first movie
is just a self-contained movie and
they're treating this like I've seen the
marketing for this movie where they're
like the epic conclusion to the trilogy
it's like story in a trilogy there's no
continuing storyline the first one is
just a simple little comedy movie it
doesn't need sequels the second one did
what a lot of sequels do unnecessary
sequels where they just remake the first
one mm-hmm
and this one I think they're just like I
don't know there's there's one aspect of
a criminal in the first movie let's
hinge the whole third movie around that
I you know I it's getting really bad
reviews
well it's getting I think it's getting
batteries from the perspective of a
hangover sequel cuz this doesn't really
work as a comedy there's a few funny
parts sprinkled through them there's
some comedy that just does not work at
all there's some stuff that I'm guessing
was improv whether they just left in
Zach Galifianakis asking a Bradley
Cooper about his shirt for like 15
minutes
where'd you get that shirt there's just
like long silence and no one in the
theaters laughing like why is this in
the movie yeah Melissa McCarthy shows up
and they don't give her anything to do
funny
and yeah and then at the end it's sort
of like a like a coming-of-age story
like a late coming-of-age story where
they're not even interested in being
funny they're just interested in moving
on
it's a weird route for a dumb comedy
sequel to take yeah yeah it's like why
even make this movie oh I can tell you
why is it money Jay no uh I'm just
kidding it's money oh we've been on a
lot of adventures together but it seems
like you haven't learned anything
anything I'll be in the limo I you know
I might be similar to the case with
gremlins to where Joe Dante had no
interest in making a grande ones too so
the studio is gonna make it without him
and they couldn't come up with anything
to do on their own so he said maybe you
had something to do with why the
original works huh
uh please do this sequel and he said
okay if I could do whatever the fuck I
want yeah and then he just mocks
everything that made the original
popular and I kind of think maybe that's
the case with this like we need Todd
Phillips to make a hangover movie yeah
he says okay I'm gonna make this weird
ass heist movie instead and we'll call
it hangover 3 yeah I don't I don't know
if I get the Joe Dante gremlins to vibe
like I'm throwing the whole project
because it was too cohesive to linear -
well done - sensical yeah not that
gremlins 2 was not sensical but gremlins
2 is clearly mocking the first one sure
but this movie is clearly not interested
in making a conventional hangover sequel
know so it was interested in making a
1980s action heist cop drama movie yeah
so it's it's an anomaly of a sequel it
is same with the second one yeah for
different reasons but yeah this is just
the most bizarre misguided uh modern
movie franchise I can think of we doing
here hey moe Sam oh oh I got in a cock
fighting Oh cock fighting this times one
were you out here buy so Mike would you
recommend the hangover part ii i would
not recommend Hangover Part 2 but I
wouldn't recommend Hangover Part 3 to
who though that's the weird thing
yeah hey did you like the first one were
you a big fan of the wacky comedy the
first one watch this one where people
get shot in the head and dogs get their
neck snapped yeah and a chicken gets
smothered with a pillow and none of it
is played for labs yeah I guess I
wouldn't recommend it I'm trying to
think like me personally I laughed a
couple times at Zach Galifianakis but
the stuff that is in the movie that the
stuff that makes up the non humor parts
was fairly watchable I'd give it a solid
C and I'd say watch it on watch it on
your boxy I would maybe recommend
renting it if you're curious to see just
a sequel that is so far off of what made
the original movie popular it's sort of
interesting and it's entertaining enough
as its own movie so I guess the answer
is I don't fucking know or care if you
should watch this or not
that I bought it to rap
so after seeing a movie that was
surprisingly watchable we decided to
check out a movie that was a can't-miss
hit after earth after birth crash-landed
two confirmed survivors
this is not training
you okay over there laxative after takes
place 1,000 years after our planet has
been destroyed in the film
Will Smith plays cypher Raige and his
wife Jaden Smith plays his son Kitts
higher age the to crash land on the
desolate planet injuring cipher to the
point of being a mobile which means it's
entirely up to Catan guitar khatai to
travel across the dangerous landscape to
retrieve their spaceships distress
beacon which leads to lots of exciting
scenes of a kid walking around in the
woods eventually because things have to
happen in a movie khatai fights the
Cloverfield monster Mike what did you
think of after earth well Jay um this
movie sucked my balls well okay it
wasn't as bad as I was expecting it has
the lowest Rotten Tomatoes score ever
there were there was a negative score
Wow so the movie reviewers went to see
it and died as soon as we we heard that
it was directed by written and directed
by M night Shyamalan damns we expected
only the worst and that's what we
received yeah I I got exactly out of
this what I was expecting to I will say
if you're a big Hollywood director I
would think one of your top priorities
would be to make sure that your lead
actor enunciates words well therein lies
the problem J because um this movie I
haven't read up too much about it but
from what I understand it's essentially
a vanity project for Will Smith's son
Will Smith has to let everyone know that
talent runs in the am that his loins
shoot talent out yeah and that is his
offspring are just as talented and
awesome as he is even if he has to prove
that with a check
I guess his wife um Jada Pinkett Smith
or whatever the fuck her name is I guess
she was in a hardcore metal
BAM
how to know you paid thousands and
thousands of dollars to to ship in
dummies to sit in seats and theaters oh
so it's like soul it goes full okay
and we also can't forget that Will Smith
also tried to to turn his daughter into
a pop star little Willow Smith who was a
mere 7 years old when he dressed her up
in a horse out fit and made her sing a
song about fucking it was completely
willows idea
it wasn't Will Smith saying I do music
and acting yeah this child will do music
this child will do acting hmm his kids
would never have thought you know like
dad you know you do music you do movies
you know but really I wanna i want to
become a veterinarian in dentists know
his talent it's just it's just exploding
from his loins whoever he fucks and
impregnates and gives birth that child
will be just as big of a celebrity as
him or else he'll pay for it he'll write
the checks
and you know the the little Jaden Smith
in this movie is just a terrible actor
well to be fair we don't know the story
behind it we do know that Will Smith
commissioned the movie like the script I
want you to write a vehicle movie for my
son yeah we pretty much know that but um
whether or not he's grabbing the kid by
the years and saying you want to be an
actor you better be an actor why I don't
know
well and it's reflected in the movie cuz
the whole movie is Will Smith a
puppeteering his child
yeah his child is like his avatar in
this yeah it is very weird it has a
creepy art imitates life yeah and going
on with it because I guess we should
explain what that is is that they crash
land on the planet Will Smith's legs are
broken and so Jade Jaden Smith has to go
to the the tail of the ship which is a
far distance away and so Will Smith is
communicating with him while he's making
this little journey and selling him what
to do
yeah entire way it's a simple survival
story ah very very simple it's also
really little coming-of-age story as
well while the coming-of-age story it's
that the kid learns to stop listening to
everything his dad tells him to do and
just do what his dad probably wants him
to do without him having to tell it's
also a very very heavy-handed moby-dick
retelling yeah there's a lot of that and
that everything is very blatant in this
movie is the themes of the movie
everything is very surface level and on
the nose yeah Will Smith at one point is
explaining because he is character as
the ability to ghosts they say in the
movie which means he has no fear he can
fight all these crazy
Cloverfield monsters and he feels no
fear and his son is asking him when he
discovered that and then he says well I
was fighting a monster and I fell into
some water and it was very pretty and
then I fought the monster and then at
the end of the movie Jane Smith fights
the monster and he falls in the water
and then it's pretty and it's like oh
that's exactly like what happened to
your dad I get it with this film it was
such a perfect
a collision of art entertainment
education an opposing of
fantastic questions you know that as an
artist the whole time watching this
movie I'm just wondering like I was sort
of obsessing about the backstory of it
yeah that was far more interesting than
the movie most of the movie is really
dull yeah a lot of it is really dull I
wish there was some moments of
unintentional hilarity and I wish there
was more of that basically any time Jane
Smith is running from cartoon animals
well I I was chuckling uh for me like
there were good elements of the movie
which I'll talk about in a minute but
I'm watching the movie and I'm thinking
like okay yes Will Smith is trying to
turn his son into a movie star too maybe
the son is no interest in acting he has
no interest in doing this movie and Will
Smith's forcing him or maybe he said
Jaden what kind of movie do you want to
be in and and Jaden just read Moby Dick
it's like I want to do that or I want a
movie like kind of run me The Hunger
Games to like oh sure get alone in the
woods like fighting for survival like
maybe he's into that and and other
elements too like the he has a Will
Smith's Cutlass it says Cutlass it's a
double bladed sword like this I'm saying
and maybe he likes the double bladed
lightsaber from Star Wars but the
producers told them no we can't have a
lightsaber but you can have a sword that
does this and and like all these
compromises and people just kind of
kowtow into whatever he wants in in the
movie yeah I'm thinking is that his idea
does he want that and and and and that's
like where the it becomes a thing where
the movie and the story are secondary to
the the vanity and the ego of Will Smith
and his project yeah and you're just
sort of like why am I here why am i
watching you're here cuz Will Smith
needs to make sure you know how talented
his family is exactly yeah we were here
to fuel the ego of a Hollywood superstar
hello how you doing there hello like
hello you know what it reminds me of
might as I reminded me of that song
Friday by Rebecca Black
oh the make your daughter a pop star
music company yes yes I forget what
they're called but yeah if you're if
you're a wealthy businessman and you're
14 15 year-old daughter wants to be a
pop star right a million dollar check to
this company and they'll make a song and
a music video for your old little
daughter no matter how awkward and ugly
they are but yeah that that element of
this movie being a premade vehicle
movies like that sort of fascinate me
too but again it's naive to think that
Hollywood is not made up of a bunch of
egotistical a-holes the temperatures on
this planet fluctuate dangerously
everything is if all to kill humans
together we will survive well speaking
of egotistical a-holes M night Shyamalan
directed this film mmm there was a
period of time when people were calling
him the next Spielberg yes I believe
that was on the cover of a magazine at
one point yes and now they're calling
him the next move a bowl yeah what would
a sidetrack side discussion what
happened to him night John then he got
lucky he accidentally made a good movie
I think that's what it is yeah he made a
movie that just kind of worked same with
Richard Kelly to Donnie Darko and then
everything else he's done has been like
horrible shit I think it's just eight
you accidentally made a movie and you do
that early in your career and you can
coast on it I guess yeah I will say I
kind of liked unbreakable I thought that
was an interesting trip anything uh
there's some stuff in signs I like ah I
mean same with anchor but I after that
is the village I guessed the twist
ending to that halfway through I was
thinking what is the dumbest twist they
can do because I know there be a twist
and as a joke I thought of one and then
that was the actual twist mmm and I said
oh no
then there's the happening to the
happening which has one of the funniest
scenes in movie history the greatest
comedic scene of all time
God what kind of terrorists are these so
let's let's talk about this movie
now um a interesting look to the set
design very bizarre I was trying to like
figure out what they were going for like
the ship has the spaceship as sort of
this organic they're going on where it
looks like it's made of like bone and
like honeycomb and webbing and I was
like why is it like this
yeah the other sets like lots of
curtains the doors are like shower
curtains and then it's like um yeah
everything it looks like 1960 Star Trek
sets for a while but then you get on the
spaceship and then the the seats there
they're like strapped into these seats
and like you said it looks like a inside
of a ribcage of a mastering maybe
they're going for they're inside of a
whale like Moby Dick yeah I had to do it
good oh yeah maybe they're going for
something that but it kind of looked
like how future technology would look to
us a thousand years from now like it
would just look totally alien and
foreign and weird yeah beyond our
comprehension and Oh some of it looked
cheap looking some of it worked and I
just like the fact that it wasn't just
sterile metal sci-fi hallways so I liked
that and I thought the sound design was
really good especially in the crash
landing sequence when they're going
through the asteroid field yeah that
stuck up to me as far as like a better
use of surround sound and I've heard in
a while you hear like rocks cracking
next to your head yeah
it was it was yeah you don't hear sound
used that way in movies that much it
just felt the problems where it was it
was tedious it was there well it was
essentially that once they crashed lands
he has to go to the thing and that's the
whole movies I'm just getting there
there's not there's he has little
obstacles along the way but there's no
sort of twists in the story it's it's
very very basic which can work but in
this case most of it was just tedious it
was
it was a little hero's journey it was a
boys journey as adventure that was Moby
Dick Tom Sawyer
you know Huckleberry Finn whatever shit
literary shit you want to compare this
to that that's kind of what it was to
sort of boring and adults for kids but
to see matically to blunt and obvious
for anyone over the age of 12 yes yes
and Will Smith sucks I don't know if
that was a Shimon's direction or his
decision to be serious in the movie but
I think just talking in monotone does
not equate to drama yeah that's another
thing worth mentioning is that Will
Smith was not Will Smith in this movie
he wasn't wisecracking Will Smith he was
Will Smith with a strange British accent
the excellent kept coming and going so I
don't know what was going on Syd like
the Future accent of humanity like all
accents merged into one was at their
design with their maybe but the kids
started talking that way and you can
understand what you're saying and Will
Smith's talking that way and then people
are bored in the movie until he kind of
breaks that accent for one moment he's
like get on your damn knees oh yeah I
think you have a chance back well
significant everyone laughs in anything
oh I'm back to being Will Smith from the
future hey uncle a talk like a British
man Arimathea goes oh and I hope a CGI
animal shows up soon
I hear something I'm tracking a
life-form moving toward you 50 meters 20
it has found you
so Jay would you recommend after birth
three
electric boogaloo nope it was boring and
the acting sucks and there was not
enough and unintentionally funny moments
to make it worth am at level either no
there's a muscle was a dull slog there
was a couple funny moments where you
giggled like there's a - like corny
sacred the the part that really made me
laugh was you were actually in the
bathroom at the time you were and
weren't in the theater for the funniest
part which is the the atmosphere on
earth now if it changes drastically to
the point where some like times it
starts to freeze oh yeah and so he was
Jaden was low on energy and starting to
freeze and then the Eagle from earlier
in the movie show up in a dug a hole for
him and it put him in the hole and then
it covered up the hole and then the
Eagle just died from freezing to death
Oh the eagle the eagle sacrificed
himself to save Jane Smith because it's
Wilson s son yo you know - made it
really funny as if the eagle was eagle
man I've got something for you would you
recommend after earth no I I would
recommend it - um maybe tweens like boys
like 13 10 to 13 year old boys would
enjoy this sort of like little girls
enjoyed The Hunger Games I think it's
too dull for them I think teenagers will
be bored by this maybe maybe but I'll be
texting every 10 minutes yeah definitely
if you're a grown-up and you want to see
like a Will Smith action movie it's a
Will Smith in action movie because he
didn't want to steal the lot of the
limelight away from his son so his
character has a broken leg the whole
movie so it's not Will Smith cracking
wise and running around and doing bad
boys with Martin Lawrence
it's Will Smith
crippled in a chair and the kid haulin
all the way to the movie and and if
you're a Will Smith fan you're not going
to get anything out of this other than
maybe a good nap now I will say that's
one good thing about this movie is you
can take a nap pretty much at any time
and you won't really miss anything no
you won't you won't be confused at
what's going on in the story you wake up
and go did you get that transmitter yet
and then the person you're with a gun
now you go back to label wake up when
she gets the transmitter mm-hmm in fact
they're installing those little pod
things that you know those sound
deprivation pods that people relax in
and airports they're installing those in
theaters nationwide to accommodate this
film
why was it on earth
when was that movie on earth have you
ever actually drank PBR before in
psychology sure
let's put in what are we gonna watch
next oh shit there's blinken oh well I
was just say I was really like twister
do you know they have what's over with a
cow flies to the air is so lame no my
votes for GI Jane I have it on DVD but
it just doesn't compare to the original
VHS
yeah yeah yeah I mean there's there's
something about VHS it's like so organic
you're like it's like this fidelity in
the sound yeah no DVDs so cold and
sterile lasers and shit
the addresses wait am i magnetic so so
my vote for the next move we watches is
Night Court it's like really lame I
taped it off a TV in 1983 with magnets
oh you said 1983 yeah that's here my mom
was born that's so cool yeah I really
you know Mike I don't think mister
blankets trying to steal someone else's
VCR I think he just wants to watch his
Night Court tape I think that's all he's
ever wanted wait shut up it looks like
this movies almost over and that means
they're gonna put on another tape soon
we have to act fast now
hey asshole look yeah listen I vote that
we watched this movie next lamest movie
ever sounds lame now we're gonna watch
you got mail so lame slowly I'm a shit J
I'm just gonna run over there put the
tape in and press play wait what does
that tape do again told you before it's
got a magnetron inside of it once it's
activated it'll destroy all VCR heads
within a hundred foot radius fuck this
I'm much nightcore anyway get out of my
way I think I want to Kane don't you
remember I was reading a book on how to
build it I think I left that book here
wait I think plink it's gonna say
something oh shit can I have your
attention I know a lot of you want to
watch something else but I've decided
that it's my party and I want to watch
my nightcore tape I was nice enough to
throw this party for everybody I think
the least you can do is show some
respect for your host ah you see Mike
all plink i've ever wanted was to watch
his nightcore tape
maybe plink it's not such a bad guy
maybe he's just misunderstood I think
you're right Jay hey hipster why don't
you make that microwave popcorn we've
got some Night Court to watch
I would but somebody took apart this
dude's microwave kidding me popcorn J
did that douchebag just say something
about a microwave if I can't have a
working VCR then nobody can
uh so what's the lesson we learned here
today you wanted to blow up all the VCRs
using a magnetron bomb but then plink it
went ahead and did that for you causing
exactly what you want it to happen to
happen well gee I guess the lesson is if
you want something done right let
someone else do it
