Apr 7, 2013
Evil Dead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFXFvYeP8Kw
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/320932207088779264
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151391943112634
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/367841639991207
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-evil-dead

Half in the bag.
Jay and Mike are frauds.
Whoa, the hell's going on everything's leaning
to one side it's like the house is
sinking what are you talking about it
looks the same as it always does you
don't see that
I'm hearing creaking sounds now yeah
Mike you're just not thinking straight
maybe six or seven beers will help clear
your mind it always does
let's have a seat in these chairs before
us oh hi mr. blanket Kara hi what you
got there oh it's just some book I
picked up at the library
well actually I picked it up at the
abandoned Shack next to the library yeah
now that I'm done with Stephenie Meyer's
Twilight I figured I could use something
new to read out loud I'll be on the can
J that book looks eerily similar to the
one from The Evil Dead hey speaking of
the Evil Dead have you seen the Evil
Dead or do you mean that new remake no I
meant the DVD special edition of the
original film
why did you mean the Book of the Dead
edition or the ultimate edition DVD
what's the difference
or maybe you were talking about the
limited edition blu-ray is that all the
same movie or did you mean the limited
edition ten of Evil Dead 2 R there's
also the 25th anniversary blu-ray of
Evil Dead 2 or maybe you were talking
about the Book of the Dead edition of
Evil Dead 2 don't get me started on army
of Darkness why do you have all those
because my life is an empty shell
what an asshole evil dead is a remake of
the Evil Dead Mike what did you think of
Evil Dead J what did you think of the
Evil Dead The Evil Dead oh I love the
Evil Dead what did you think of Evil
Dead starring people it did have actors
in it well I I will say I did enjoy
watching the movie I had a lot of fun in
the theater I chuckled Lots which I was
pleasantly surprised by because the
trailers and stuff make this look like
you know a more serious movie it's not
can't be Evil Dead 2 but the seriousness
is what made it amusing to me because
the gore and stuff is still completely
ludicrous
so I laughed a lot through the movie and
the we saw in a packed theater and if
you're going to see it that is
definitely the way to see it because the
theater ate it up the crowd ate it up it
plays really well with an audience
it's like if you take the basic premise
or plot and and you give it to a
different director who has a different
visionary style with it different wants
to take it in a different direction then
that's kind of what this is it's it's
different than a remake that's just a
remake yeah one of the better recent
remakes in my opinion was the dawn of
the Dead remake where it takes the
initial idea and just as something
completely different with it
yeah and what that had that this one
doesn't is sort of a strong sort of
authorial
stamp put on it this movie feels like a
lot of the sequences are just trying to
be in the style of Sam Raimi that
there's the shots of the woods the
diamond vision shots that really feel
out of place in this version but they're
in there because it's Evil Dead so you
have to put it in there yeah so it's
sort of a movie that seems to be like
struggling to find its own identity well
I know I didn't get that impression as
much I the the fanservice shots stuck
out the forest yeah I'm a couple of
those and you know there's the car the
classic cars in there in the background
and then you know there's a couple of
snap Toombs camerawork there so that
that stuff's in there but I I liked the
look of the movie if it was just a movie
and if you didn't have to compare it to
the original originals it had a nice
look to it nice atmosphere nice
atmosphere nice production design they
really liked their shallow focus yes I
noticed that it's almost like a lot of
the movie is sort of subverting your
expectations based on the fact that
you've seen the original so I'd be
curious to see how this would play to
someone that's never seen the original
they probably liked it more than I did
just as a standalone movie I mean there
seems in there that that our callback
scenes like you know when he gets
infected in his hand
I used to cut his hand off that happens
to a character in this movie it's a
different character it happens
numerous hands and arms get ripped on me
but there's stuff like that in there but
I get the feeling like this director
writer director was trying to do his own
thing with the material to a certain
degree now it still has to throw in the
references but still trying to make it
his own movie yeah well I wonder how
much of that is the influence of Sam
Raimi and Bruce Campbell cuz they were
the producers on this if maybe the
director wanted to go more in his own
style but they were like well you got to
put this in there because it's evil dead
you know things like that that's kind of
what it felt like to me well that's an
important thing to mention too is the
story because you you said what what
would just a regular person who walks in
and watches movie things without having
seen the original yeah Raimi movies and
they would think this is the dumbest
thing I've ever seen because there there
is no story well there is a mild story
in this Thursday which I haven't seen
Evil Dead or Evil Dead 2 in a while I
I've seen Evil Dead 2 a lot the original
Evil Dead I've seen a couple times and
it's been a while I've probably seen
both of them more than any other movie
I've ever seen well then you can fill in
the blanks here again in this movie
there's some there's like a series of
things that happen in the Book of the
Dead
someone has to burn their skin with hot
water
someone has to cut their face off yeah
and then this happens before this like
big thing happens and I don't remember
those kind of like those plot points in
the original original was someone spoke
past his passages out of the book and
all hell broke loose yes and then and
the simplicity to that is that part of
that movies charm the simplicity and the
inventiveness of the way it's executed
yeah is what makes that movie so great
because it really feels like just a
descent into madness and that I thought
was one negative of this movie is that
the original movie there's lots of
really sort of bizarre surreal sequences
it's not just people get possessed by
demons there's a great part where Bruce
Campbell's looking in the mirror and
then he touches it and it turns to water
and
there's another sequence where a light
bulb fills up with blood and explodes
everywhere and really sort of just where
you really feel like the character is
losing his mind and then all the other
demons are mocking him and laughing at
him so that's something those movies
have and this one feels more
straightforward it's just sort of people
get possessed and there's no weird stuff
it's just more it's more straight like
and there isn't even like a scene where
that happens where all the characters or
all the other demons are sort of ganging
up on him or mocking them and it's just
sort of one person fights a demon and
then another person fights another demon
it's very sort of episodic like that
yeah yeah and and back to my point about
just some average person walking in and
seeing this they would find a plot there
and that that's they through in this
movie the new Evil Dead through in a
couple of twists like the reason they go
to the cabin isn't just we're teenagers
and were going to the cabin to drink
right they're trying to cure the main
actress out of her heroin addiction yeah
was just like okay that's different
they're trying to get her to quit cold
turkey
yeah you're just gonna hole up in this
abandoned cabin well it was their
families it was their families game but
this cabin in the middle was isolated
away from the world and I like that
there wasn't any reference to like I
don't get any cell phone reception out
here it's like if you don't mention it
people aren't gonna be concerned about
it right and I appreciated that they
didn't have yeah yeah cuz it could have
taken place at any time it was yeah you
know wasn't no one was talking about
MySpace is that the new thing everyone's
into myspace that I heard that's getting
popular I I heard - yeah
is that where you you you know you have
friends mm-hm like you have your top
eight friends oh yeah top eight friend
everyone's always friends with Tom I've
noticed you can have a song on your page
really yeah how do you have a song on
your page
to the average person watching this
they'll see like okay that's the premise
and then they find a book and then and
then a guy just reads it out loud
despite all the frequent warnings on
every page saying don't fucking read
this ever and he opens the book up
despite it being closed with barbed wire
and all the sudden he's curious he's an
English teacher yeah maybe he's he you
know he says like a book girl look at
that I'm an English teacher but it's
like that's the premise and they throw
in a some mild plot where this happens
this happens and this happens and the
the the the evil goes around from one
character another so plot paper-thin
they made up for that with all the gore
and the original one made up for it with
campy gore
yeah and and that's there's two
different types of movies and and and it
I actually appreciate the fact that they
didn't try to make a Sam Raimi type capi
gory movie I know that was a complaint
that a lot of people had when they first
started seeing trailers for this new one
like oh it's not campy it's not funny
but I think a lot of people when they
talk about what they like about Evil
Dead they're really talking about Evil
Dead 2 because that's the the goofy one
you know the first one they tried to
make a horror movie yeah and the fact
that you know you can see all the seams
and makeup has held together with duct
tape and there's a moon that is clearly
matted into the sky like that's part of
that movie's charm and you can't
reproduce that no
it was very bizarre seeing this in a
theater because you don't see wide
release movies like this ever anymore
it's sort of harkens back into a
different era where a horror movie
didn't have to be good it just had to be
memorable
yeah like when people think about
reanimate ER you know the first thing I
usually like reanimate ER a lot but the
first thing people talk about is oh
that's the movie that has the scene
where the severed head goes down on the
naked blonde chick you know that's what
people remember and there's a number of
sequences like that in this movie or
like oh that's the movie where you know
this happens yeah now giving anything
away yeah lots of fun inventive very
explicit gore unfortunately that's kind
of all it has that's memorable the
characters are sort of boring the actors
are boring yeah let's let's move on to
that that category the biggest complaint
my biggest complaint is the actors other
than my secondary complaint is the
contact lenses that the the demons wore
which which are the ones you can just
buy on the internet they're the they're
the same ones that Darth Sidious wears
in Star Wars I think of the original
evil dads their eyes just go pure white
yeah and that's memorable I like that
better this is sort of like we're gonna
make them as scary as you can and I was
like that looks bad
there are a couple moments in this where
it's it was cringe-worthy to me but I
think I I don't think I'm a human
anymore hmm I think I've lost my
humanity because I watch a movie like
this and I'm just like you know like
there's there's a seam there one of the
creatures are shooting a nail gun yeah
you're getting hit by the nail there was
a car oh oh and then and then and then
he's got to pull the nails out he's
pulling the nails on everything yeah I
think make its fake see I I watch stuff
like that and I appreciate it more on a
technical level like watching it and say
no like you know wondering how they did
that or knowing how they did that I mean
like they executed that really well you
know for a two-hour long movie I got
more horror out of watching the
basketball player snap his leg in half
oh my god you know so that the this
movie it's it's filled with so much gore
blood that it almost becomes
desensitizing after a while I've been
desensitized to Gore since I was like 10
years old that's why I watch stuff like
this and I just chuckle yeah especially
this movie the things that get me with
like gore horror effects are the more
subtle things like little things like
someone like the nails thing like that's
a simple little thing but a character
just slicing their arm off or a chainsaw
getting shoved through the head like
that I just sort of laugh at now what
the hell happened no you don't know
the fuck is that these noises what's
going on what the fuck just happened
what oh my god Jay this is hell well of
course this is hell we live in Milwaukee
Wisconsin No Milwaukee's much worse than
hell this is really hell what are you
talking about crazy man get back over
here so we can continue discussing the
Evil Dead remake directed by some guy
okay but I find this a little strange
that the house just fell into hell
you
I would say as far as recent horror
movies go this is one of the best ones
yeah yeah a long time as far as that
goes I'm just thinking about remakes I'm
like I was while I was watching this I
kept thinking of that The Nightmare on
Elm Street remake and and just how like
bland it was there's no like no
cleverness to it it didn't have any kind
of like freshness right and and this
went all out on the gore but at the same
time it was lacking that it kind of felt
like that all these like boring actors
that was the weakest part of it is that
you just don't care about anyone the
first maybe half hour 45 minutes of the
movie it was just like
huh
well that's that's sort of the what I
was wrestling with after the movie was
thinking about like it was really nice
to see a movie this unapologetically
trashy and violence because you don't
see movies like this anymore yeah but at
the same time is that enough
you know and it I don't know I don't
think it is like cabin in the woods
ladies I think we mentioned when we
talked about that movie it's it's sort
of gonzo it's crazy by the end it's so
off the rails that it's refreshing to
see a movie like that and this is you
know it's it is what it is
yeah I think - it seemed like a
contradiction almost the quality of the
look of the movie and the the effects
and the way everything was shot seemed
contradictory to the gross-out stuff I
see a movie like that's so excessive in
its gore and and I wanted the movie to
look cheap - it's like like Dead Alive
or something on that level or the
original Evil Dead or they return you
bastards why are you torturing me like
this why that's kind of how I feel about
comedy - like comedy plays better when
it looks cheap you look at the original
airplane right as the part where a guy
gets stabbed in the back and you can see
the padding on his back and like the
plane it's almost like you can see the
string and what it looks cheap it's
better and that's the the weird
contradiction with this movie is that
it's technically a much better film than
the original Evil Dead but that's what
makes it not as good of a film
well another thing I like about this
movie and and it's really hard to talk
about this movie without comparing it to
the original but a lot but as a horror
movie
it just it went for the jugular
it went for the gore and went for the
gross out violence and it didn't fall
into the trappings of all the other
horror movies that are out where you
have to roll your eyes and just go get
through this stuff there was a little
dumb plot about the brother and sister
and their mother and and it worked into
the story well enough but it didn't have
all the the cliches and not cliche in a
good way where they do a tongue-in-cheek
right where the cabin in the woods where
it's just annoying yeah yeah like you
know the there's the bimbo character the
big tits who's two sleeps with everybody
there's the the you know all those those
stereotypical characters the jock guy
the hip nerd who's gonna hook up to the
satellite to call for help it look where
there's all those characters the
characters just word they kind of just
seem like regular people yeah and and
they weren't too over the top as far as
the stereotypes go because it's so easy
just to plug them all in to make like
memorable characters this is the part
where the dumb jock guy dies this is the
part where the bimbo Brian and so like
although all the things that cabin in
the woods commented on yeah yes so but
the cabin and the woods did it
tongue-in-cheek some movies actually
still do that yes real it's amazing but
it's true and and when you see this and
the premise is a bunch of young people
go to a cabin and then it's like Oh God
and that's why everyone was sort of
scared about this movie yeah at least I
was because you see it you know oh great
any all those characters yeah we're
gonna go we're gonna have great time bro
in this cabin yeah I'm gonna bring the
brewskis and then they have to we have
to go through all this shit and they
stop and you know
and and this didn't have that it took
the characters and they they weren't
good characters that's they weren't
memorable but you know what went too far
the other way we're they're completely
forgettable they watered them down to a
somewhat realistic level yeah I do think
it was sort of a missed opportunity with
the the character trying to kick drugs
like her you know quitting cold turkey
I was thinking early on like it'll be
really interesting to see her try and
fight off all these demons while going
through withdrawals like I thought that
would have been kind of cool but they
didn't really do anything with it that
whole sort of setup is kind of abandoned
once the the mayhem starts one thing we
should mention is that this is probably
one of the hardest our movies I've ever
seen but there are parts where you can
kind of tell what they must have trimmed
to get to avoid getting the nc-17
there's a demon lady at the end that's
completely nude but she has no new
features there's like an overhead shot
and she has no but it's very bizarre and
I think that maybe they digitally
removed her butt crack to avoid an nc-17
well why would a butt crack give you an
unceasing because it's a creepy demon
thing that's covered in blood like the
the mixture of violence and sexuality is
something that the MPAA doesn't like but
that's that was something that stuck out
to me she had no nipples and she had no
butt and it was very bizarre do you
think that they made it rain blood at
the end to get around the fact that it
was blood do you know what I'm saying I
actually don't have you ever seen
there's a director his name's Quinton
turned you know I've heard of him he
made a movie called Kill Bill and
there's a sequence in the movie that
switches to black and white because
what's-her-face is hacking people with a
sword there's blood everywhere yeah and
that's like where they go that's too
much blood
this is nc-17 and in the end of this
movie it starts raining red yeah so
everything's red and and do you think
that's a technicality like now we can
have blood everywhere because you can't
tell what's rain it's all red anyway
yeah
maybe because it's like well it's not
blood that's not blood that's all over
her that's rain yeah you know like it's
red rain like it's not actual blood from
a person it's cut it's it's fantasy yeah
things obviously it's supposed to you're
supposed to get the impression that it's
raining blood but everything is red at
that point they never say it yeah and
then that's when I that's what I'm
watching it I'm like wow is this an
nc-17 because there is blood and and
more blood than would have been in that
Kill Bill sequence yeah so Jay would you
recommend Evil Dead yeah yeah I would
III think its heart was in the right
place there's some bland elements
everything outside of the gore was sort
of generic but it's a step in the right
direction and if this does well then
maybe horror will get weird and crazy
again yeah I would also recommend it not
if you don't like blood or the sight of
blood or gore or very disturbing creepy
things that's how I would recommend it
to the most though you trick your
friends into going to see the movie with
you your friend that doesn't like gore
or blood or anything and then you just
watch the reaction through the movie and
laugh at them or you take your children
oh sure yeah tell them it's a Madagascar
three
so Jay did you hear that they're
planning to do a sequel to this new
remake and they're also planning to do a
sequel to army of Darkness and these two
franchises will somehow tie together so
they'll be an Evil Dead 2 army of
Darkness - no Evil Dead 4 technically
army of Darkness 2 would be Evil Dead 4
ok Evil Dead 2 of the remake sequel will
be a reboot of the remake sequel of the
Evil Dead part 3 which is the sequel to
the original the Evil Dead which is not
a remake of Evil Dead 2 but they're also
planning to make an Evil Dead 3 which
will be a sequel to Evil Dead 2 and the
original Evil Dead an army of Darkness 4
they're also planning an army of
Darkness 5 but army of Darkness 4 is a
sequel and a prequel to Evil Dead 2 and
Evil Dead 2.5 why would they do any of
this what wait a minute
do you hear that
I don't hear anything oh come on you
tell you you can't hear that like I
think you may be losing mr. blinken is a
carrion demon
yo blinka
heads up and then the demon gets his
head cut off and fucking creamed corn
shoots out of his neck stump yeah you
see that's the kind of stuff that the
new Evil Dead was lacking what's going
on in here oh it's nothing mr. blanket
Mike was just playing pretend
well did playing pretend really require
violently dismembering my fucking
mailman did you do that
