Jun 20, 2013
Man of Steel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4u-HLm8maE
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/347721308328583169
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151495121822634
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151506318012634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-man-of-steel

Half in the bag.
I don't even know what the show is happening.
well gee I guess
the lesson is if you want something done
right let someone else do it
lightning-fast VCR repair this is Mike
how can I help you
oh hi mr. blanket how are you what
happened to your VCR at a wild crazy
ironic party well of course we could fix
it we'll stop by sometime tomorrow
afternoon thanks see you then asshole
oh hi mr. plain KITT we're back to keep
working on your VCR you know the one
that we've been working on for three
fucking years Hey look at this
Oh what that's a letter from the City of
Milwaukee I thought Milwaukee was a
state apparently they're gonna demolish
blankets house and put a freeway right
here oh my god yeah and the project is
supposed to start today hey guys how you
doing you ready to get back to work on
my VCR yeah mr. blinker why aren't you
packing packing why would I be packing J
I think you forgot about the letter oMG
I think you're right let me handle this
okay mr. Plunkett we would love to start
working on your VCR but we're required
to tell you about a new policy at
lightning fast
oh yeah the new policy it's it's a big
policy company why we just found out
about it right this second yeah yeah
it's about payments we are now requiring
one month's worth of payments in advance
Oh actually the dumbass got it wrong
it's three months worth of payments in
advance Jay I thought I was the monster
oh yeah I think I heard about that
yeah that all sounds reasonable but I
don't have any checks I I'm all out I
ordered more from the bank but I sent
him to my old address old address
sir plink it you've lived here for 37
years yeah back in 1976
I ordered 28,000 checks just used my
last one
yeah well I guess I better run to my old
place then and grab those checks sure
yeah
that's five months in advance right Yeah
right
five months worth of work in advance
absolutely $150 an hour mm-hmm just like
always how long do you think it'll take
you mr. blanket I don't know a couple
hours I got a walk Oh perfect perfect we
give you a ride but we're lazy ha J I'll
be sad to see this scam go at least we
get one final check from old mr. blinken
Shay 8:47 Hauser streets you are next
hey how come you guys haven't moved yet
about to tear this place down
oh we're just VCR repairman uh he said
just to demolish all this with the house
he said just smash it to fucking pieces
he doesn't give a shit put it in a
landfill whatever it is you guys do yeah
fuck it yeah whatever I don't fucking
care all right let's get started here
Mike we have to stall him or we're not
gonna get our final check I won't be
able to buy more crack Jane you smoke
crack sure why not
oh well let me uh let me let me try
something
okay okay sir sir sir
Oh he was looking right at us oh oh
that's the front of his face huh sir you
look like a man who's been working hard
today and you look like you could use a
break do you like cold beer hmm I guess
I do like cold beer well that's great
cuz we do too and we have a lot of it
back at our VCR repair shop yeah you
should come with us and have a drink or
twelve now I've been working for 15
minutes now I guess it's time for a
break you know if we go on a break now
though it's gonna delay the destruction
of this house for hours do you care oh
god no I'm with the Union I don't care
about anything all right let's go yeah
it's time to take a break sir
why are you walking that way beer huh so
sir have you had time to see any new
movies lately yeah have you seen that
new Superman movie that they're too
embarrassed to call a Superman movie son
I'm a union construction worker
of course I've had time to see the new
Superman movie I only work a few hours a
day why do you think it takes us so long
to fix the fucking roads it's because
we're never working goodbye my son
hopes and dreams told you you'll be an
outcast I'll kill him Wow I'll be a god
to them
the Man of Steel is the new reboot of a
remake - a sequel of Superman it stars
henry cavill amy adams a 711 logo and
kevin costner as a Sears logo in this
film Superman punches a bunch of energy
while metropolis is destroyed and all of
its citizens die except for Laurence
Fishburne and a secretary General Zod
also wants the Kodak to save Krypton so
Jay what did you think of the Man of
Steel oh man this movie is like you know
those simulators they have at carnivals
and stuff where you get in it's like
you're on a simulation that you're on a
roller coaster or something watching
this movie is like a like a simulation
of what it must be like to completely
lose your fucking mind
oh my god you're going along just fine
you're normal and then just like that
something in your brain snaps and it's
all downhill rich it's a celebration of
excess that's putting it mildly these
both sound like they could be good
things or bad things though they're bad
things they're very bad good let me
clarify my opinion of this film okay
well let me just say I did not like this
movie at all in fact you could say I
hated this movie I hated it quite a bit
probably the worst film I've seen this
summer maybe not the whole year possibly
the whole year it was loud it was stupid
not in a Michael Bay stupid way but it
was just kind of like it was dumb it was
blunt and and obvious and just poorly
written and annoying I couldn't stand
the ending I just wanted to cover my
eyes and close my ears obviously there
because of Christopher Nolan's
involvement there trying to do a darker
more realistic twist on Superman and you
don't do that with a guy who flies
around in tights and a cape well the big
surprise was I as the movie is going
along it was pretty much exactly what I
was expecting
I was like okay they're doing the dark
serious Superman thing I get it and then
on a dime it turns to the complete
schlock like immediately did you laugh
at all in the end
sir yes I just couldn't believe what was
happening it really was like it just
took a turn on a dime I guess we should
say before we continue that the rest of
this review is going to be spoilers yeah
so watch at your own risk and if you do
watch Superman bring a sleeping mask and
earplugs my son was in the bus he saw
what Clark did
you're the answer son you're the answer
to are we alone in the universe I just
keep pretending I'm your son you are my
son essentially there's three different
movies here the first chunk is on
Krypton and that was so fucking weird I
kind of liked it it was it was really
weird but it was played completely
straight which made it sort of border on
camp and I kind of liked that stuff and
then the middle chunk of the movie is
boring drama boring you are meant to be
something someday the world will be able
to know about you but not now that's the
actual dialogue from the script and then
the final portion of the movie is the
nonstop over-the-top action which is
taken two levels of XS that I don't
recall seen in recent movies well
firstly firstly demolish Smallville
completely destroyed Smallville and then
they completely destroy half of
Metropolis I said more than half yeah
well it's hard to tell we don't know how
big metropolis is in this movie but it
is like 9/11 times 100 you see it's not
like like you have these these you know
big action that means like the Avengers
or something where they're running
around the entire city but any vendors
you don't have building after building
completely collapsing and and just
rubble everywhere and is Superman really
the the proper venue to draw 911
comparisons the world needs a hero is it
appropriate i yeah I don't know the
world needs a hero but Superman's not a
hero in this one he doesn't actually
save any of these people no he doesn't
even seem to notice or care he's on the
other side of the world trying to punch
a giant laser well I guess he's stopping
the terraforming device from breaking
the world apart which would probably
kill more people but we need those we
need the direct direct connection no we
need Superman saving someone from a
burning building and like oh okay we got
it
yeah
I have to believe that you were sent
here for a reason and even if it takes
the rest of your life
you'll owe it to yourself to find out
what that reason is this movie is
tailor-made to make trailers out of
mm-hmm do you not I mean I kept seeing
all those moments you know like when he
puts his suit on like he finds it in a
ship and he puts a suit on and jor-el
tells him jor-el is his father who's
played by Russell Crowe
jor-el gets murdered in the beginning
and then they said oh we shouldn't have
killed him because we need someone to
have expository dialogue I think he was
more alive after he died he actually has
more screen time as a ghost I mean the
original the original Superman movie the
Richard Donner movie he does talk to to
Cowell it's like a pretty easily
computer program yeah basically a
crystal computer program it's his face
and then that's the same thing but in
this it's like he's evoking memories and
you killed me yeah that computer it's
like then well they say his
consciousness and his memories are
implanted into this thing sounds like
okay and the original film it's Marlon
Brando and a crystal yes
and Marlon Brando is drunk and talking
through a crystal and now now it's just
they're just like fuck that let's just
have Russell Crowe appear on the site
he'll just be standing there his
consciousness and his memories and his
soul were transmitted into a computer
before he died I guess so that he's
alive again and he tells he just says
you are Superman he tells Brandon Ralph
this he says you you are Superman and
and you can you can fly around because
the sun's radiation gives you gives you
power here's the suit you should put
this on and then you should go out and
discover your power so it goes out there
and he's like and then they have that
shot where he puts his fist on the
ground and that shot was tailor-made for
a transit trailers and then all that
dialogue preceding that scene was also
tailor-made you were meant for great
things kal-el
you were meant to save them put that
over this dude yeah I've got a trailer
and when went but when you actually see
the movie it's a big piece of crap
you will give the people of Earth an
ideal to strive towards
they'll race behind you it will stumble
they will fall
in time
they will join you in the Sun
in time it will help them accomplish
wonders
something I thought about with the
Christopher Nolan Batman movies and I
like them for the most part but I was
thinking about it where it's like oh
kids don't have Batman anymore they
don't have a Batman anymore and now kids
don't have a Superman anymore like what
were you saying about Superman I was
saying Superman is was basically created
before like 7 year olds I mean it's a
concept that appeals to children not
I mean Batman I can see you can see
where you can make that work for an
adult because it's fairly gothic it's
about a guy who dresses up like a bat
but Superman the concept is is basically
it's what they call power fantasy it
means you can't make me go to bed I'm
Superman I mean they're they're
projecting themselves and yeah it's good
for little kids and even even the older
Superman fans I think they appreciate it
more as like a symbolic thing Superman
you know he stands for truth justice in
the American Way and not anymore he
doesn't he's he's more a concept than a
character now and I think when you try
and do an ultra realistic Superman and
make him a real person I I think it all
just falls apart yeah it doesn't work if
it's not for me it actually just feels
more more creepy than anything there's
there's a scene at the end of the movie
that I think has a lot of creepy
implications it's like after after the
day has kind of been saved Superman
takes a military spy satellite and he
finally crashes it into the ground in
front of a military general and he's
like you know you can't spy on me I'm
gonna do whatever the fuck I want to
anybody he should transcend beyond that
a little and sort of become a protector
or someone that looks over everybody as
opposed to this like this beard stubble
like homeless man well by the end of the
movie he does save Lois Lane you know
hundreds of thousands of people are dead
around
ash is raining from the sky of all these
dead people and a city that's been
completely demolished but at least Lois
Lane got to kiss him yeah he didn't save
anybody I was just at that point I was
just staring at the movie like yeah I
was astounded it was like really cuz
it's not I mean you have levels of
destruction in all these movies but this
one really makes a point of showing it
in detail
I guess idea is the ultra realistic
Superman like if you were in these big
epic Superman battles this will be the
result but when you play it completely
straight it's just like like sad and
unsettling what Chris and David did was
let's let the audience participate in
the experience of being a Superman
without breaking the things that make
him Superman they were able to sort of
make him relatable
the phones too big mommy can make it
smile focus on my voice pretend it's an
island out in the ocean can you see it
too many scenes of exposition a
pointless Lois Lane character Lois Lane
exists in this movie solely to have
people deliver exposition to her exactly
they gave her the superpower of
teleportation in this movie wherever
someone needs to deliver exposition Lois
Lane is there so they can say explain it
to her and then she's gone she shows up
on a tiny little set that the studio
built that encompasses a gigantic city
of destruction
she's also places she shouldn't be
because the script needs her to do
something oh yeah there there's she's on
Zod says Lois Lane needs to come on my
ship
why so that Russell Crowe can tell her
how to arm the bomb and send them back
to their own galaxy or whatever the fuck
was happening the movie she's on the the
fighter jets he's on the yeah or some
reason no reason whatsoever Leterrier
Sanel yeah she's on there so she can get
sucked out and Superman has mates
yes so in addition to all these
wonderful things that made the script
flow like pacing problems rearranged
scenes big dumb loud ending that went on
for 40 minutes
the general plot of the movie of the
general idea was always lost on me and I
don't know like it always seemed just
like this big contradiction like Batman
I mean compared to Batman okay yeah
that's fair with this movie yeah Batman
he's like a guy with two personalities
he fell into a bad cave his parents got
killed he's terrified of bats but so he
becomes a weird vigilante you completely
understand his character Superman you
don't really understand you can't relate
to him and Russell Crowe sent him to
earth for inexplicable reasons it almost
becomes like a self-fulfilling prophecy
like you have to save these people but
they wouldn't need saving if he didn't
come there in the first place like like
I like I like the idea yeah it's like
they're doing fine we have the head up
we haven't had a world war in sixty
years yeah okay no we're doing okay you
know we got some problems but we don't
we don't need our cities destroyed
or we don't need a a weirdo with a bad
haircut to shoot a laser through our
planet we're okay but so the basic story
to me is very simple the the original
basic story and I don't know comic-book
legends or whatever but I'm just what's
in my brain I like the idea of Krypton
is blowing up on itself right and and
jor-el and Correll and Paul L and kal-el
whoever the fuck this parents are what's
his mother's name we'll call her MA l
mano pile and ma l have to send their
little baby off the planet because they
got this little thing that could fly him
off the planet okay and then he just
happens to land on earth he lands on
earth and is raised by people from
Kansas right he's a space alien who has
superpowers and he learns to become
supermen and save the day
nice and simple in this one it's overly
complicated and it ruins the simplicity
of it and it makes it become a
contradiction because what does he do he
take there's like a black skull and he
turns it into a Miss it's it's got all
of the Kryptonian DNA because some kind
of the skull someone like Krypton an
ancestor like Neanderthal scholars yeah
I think it's implied yeah yeah yeah and
then they put all of the Kryptonian DNA
from the skull and the baby Superman via
Krypton magic Sevilla Krypton magic so
so that genetic information can live on
with him okay and then and then Russell
Crowe picks the planet this one seems
like it'll work or they've been there
before even they've sent a probe ship
there tens of thousands of years ago but
then there's this like lofty speech
these lines about you were meant to lead
them they will follow you into the Sun
jar and you're like what were you trying
to save the DNA what were you trying to
send a Jesus like figure to there to
this planet if so don't you know that
this guy who wants to kill this baby is
probably going to come after him you
know like all sorts of bad shit it's
gonna rain down on earth because you
sent the baby there what's that what's
the ultimate goal the moral of the movie
is humanity needs an inhuman space God
like Jesus to show us how to live
I don't understand where you guys are
getting the Jesus analogies from there
wasn't any of that in the movie oh well
do you remember the part where Superman
goes into a church oh he talks to a
priest and the the visionary director
Zack Snyder has Superman's head next to
Jesus in profile and double profile I
know I that was like a film student
shopping instead of Superman integrating
with society it's like they're the
movies elevating him above everybody
he's better than us and we had ever
hoped to be we have to try and live up
to this weird alien or else we'll throw
things at also destroy our cities I
can't wait for the sequel to this when
he has to fight lex luthor and lex
luthor's a wacky scheme steal the
diamond they destroy they level
Smallville in this they level metropolis
but look out for Lex Luthor
my son was in the bus he saw what Clark
did you have to keep this side of
yourself a secret what was I supposed to
do just let him die
maybe yeah I miss I miss when Clark Kent
was a reporter with The Daily Planet
and he was wacky and had to hide his
secret identity and then someone said
Superman someone called Superman that
buildings on fire you know and he has to
go whoo-whoo I got to get out of here
where did Clark go you know underneath
that would be far too fun there's no fun
allowed in movies anymore that should be
on the poster no no no Superman just has
to mope and be told that you are
destined to be something important in
every scene someone has to tell them
that do you remember when we thought
Superman Returns was mopey the most
damning thing you can say about Man of
Steel is that it makes super rain
returns look good mm-hmm
in hindsight I'm glad they didn't try
and dig up that the John Williams theme
oh yeah oh that would have been so it's
so out of place or can you imagine like
be at the end of that movie when like
buildings are collapsing and everybody's
saying 9/11 Superman is like the
ultimate hero he's the gold-standard is
the the original superhero and there's
nothing more Olek about this movie
there's not one damn thing it's just
depressing and miserable
it's him fighting evil space aliens and
and tons and tons of collateral damage
in both property and human form and and
that's another thing too the one of the
most awkward and stupid and pointless
parts of this movie is the newspaper
editor played by Lawrence
Laurence Fishburne and friends are
highlighted in the destruction scene
right oh yes yeah it's like there are
the Daily Planet characters that we've
sort of been introduced to there we saw
them in one scene earlier so now we have
to care about them
yeah and and so they show space laser
come down and it goes and it leaves a 50
mile wide crater what kill that knocks
over every building yeah not only that
you see people flying up into the sky
and then means slammed into the
concur repeatedly and that's like you
see this big massive shot of the city
and there's this hole in the middle the
rubble of a hundred buildings that cuts
through this little scene which is like
shot in a soundstage there were someone
set up a low pile of rubble and the and
the little secretary girls caught under
the rubble help me pry me out with the
shovel I'll get a shovel
it's like someone like that when they
made this they're like oh yeah
there needs to be humans in this movie
right and no attempt is given to make us
care at all like it keeps cutting to him
why are we supposed to care about these
people you know you know for everybody
who's who's bitched about the iron man
movie I mean I don't know how you could
like this and and hate Iron Man Iron Man
3 is an interesting character it's it's
it's got wit doesn't feel so interest
doesn't it feel so quaint know compared
to this nonsense feels like a movie made
in the 20s compared to this I mean you
can hate Iron Man all you want just
because they didn't do the comic book
Mandarin but it is so much more fun to
watch yeah
Iron Man 3 there yeah this movie was
completely joyless as far as the
superhero movie goes it has well it's
not a superhero movie no it's a space
invasion movie it's an alien invasion
movie
I mean it's closer to Independence Day
than anything else yeah
you look at the suit without the cape
you realize it's not Superman but you
know what I think the underwear outside
the pants is something that maybe can go
the reason why his underwears on the
outside of his pants it's left over from
Victorian era strongmen
I probably looked at hundreds of
versions with underwear and fell by the
board's because I couldn't make it
consistent with the world that we were
created
so there's that part where rosada and
friends show up at mock Kent's house and
then they killed the dog and they throw
the pickup truck into the house and blow
it up okay that just and then Superman
was like yeah I'm like yay he's gonna
save mockin and he knocks odd and he
starts punching him in the face and he
calls him a motherfucker fucker this is
so violent it just happened like and I
was I didn't even know that it was a
just getting started and it reminded me
of that scene and into darkness when
when Spock is like punching Khan in the
face and you're just thinking like mr.
Spock Superman I pictured them as little
stickers on a fridge and here they're
just like beating people in the face
with their fists like is that what this
has come to mic nothing says Superman
like throwing a truck through and
destroying his elderly mother's house
but in the movie that's not a big deal
really things can be replaced he's like
not people oh do you mean those 7
million people in Metropolis actually I
have to go now Superman return to his
home planet those are some scenes
reference so the headlines the day the
day after aren't going to be Man of
Steel saves the city the headlines are
going to be creepy alien harbors the
doom of us all
well that was funny is you have the
destruction of Smallville he completely
demolishes the whole city and then the
military guys like you're the hero we
need like really he's at least partially
responsible for all of this this man
isn't our enemy he is our friend
he just completely demolished your train
station we wanted to have real places we
don't want Superman to crash into a
fictitious location we talked about
product placement in this movie it was
pretty obnoxious I product placements
fine by me if it's very subtle and woven
and you know seamlessly right we've
talked about that before yeah sure I'm
okay with it but this this this movie
why does this movie need product
placement well you know there's that
that just take one shot of Superman flow
it's a CG shot mm-hmm I hop paid for one
of those shots yeah I guess so
I guess the sort of 7-eleven 7-eleven
patron I'm sure they have I'm sure they
have a little super gulp big gulp oh
sure Superman on it and you know every
shot we had 7-eleven in the background
in Smallville and then the IHOP the
IHOP's involved in the storyline it felt
it felt so like dated like that that
heavy of product placement you really
see that too much anymore oh that's like
that sequence in Mac and me when they're
dancing in the McDonald's
how do we feel about the the ending
ending with with like I guess we're
spoiling everything that it's all
spoilers or Superman just outright brig
suds Nick oh yeah that I was wasn't
bothered by that that much because it
was sort of a last resort thing what
bothers me is that I guess it supposed
to be tense because oh no Zod might kill
those four people hundreds of people of
all right everybody's dead I don't give
a shit about these four people we've
never even seen before other what
bothers me about it because if it
bothered me yeah you can you can do that
Superman having to kill the enemy but
you have to establish ahead of time that
he doesn't like killing mm-hmm I mean it
needs to be a thing like I don't know
Superman I think the only way you can
stop him is by killing him there's no
other way and you have to set that up
instead it just happens nowhere at the
end of the movie he just goes and he
snaps his neck he screams like I
compared to the end of Superman
- and and the ending relative of this
one was very low-key they didn't need a
gigantic fight with Zod that leveled a
city it was just a little showdown at
the fortress of solitude
Superman played a little trick and they
did a clever little thing where you
thought he was gonna kneel before Zod he
turns the tables and they did something
that was mildly clever and emotionally I
was just like yeah does this guy know
that it's not the 1970s anymore rich
special effects that go on for two and a
half hours and out knows is more
satisfying because it's more engaging
the filming more things happening on the
screen there's so much action explosion
that was stupid at the end I smashed his
hand those boring you see how many
buildings fell down and Mandarin
everyone you've just been waiting for a
movie to have the Mandarin I'm gonna
happen ruin that now what it will have
to wait for
so Mike would you recommend the
man-on-man
Oh steel no I would recommend this movie
to no one usually I put a little
asterisk and say you know little kids
might like it or yeah I would recommend
it to like super I guess Richard let me
ask you this there's been a lot of
Superman comic books over 80 years right
and I know when Superman died the death
of Superman wasn't he beaten to death by
a monster yes so Superman isn't all like
we're portraying it as like Superman I'm
your hero I'm here to save you from a
branch be fair that was done as like a
shock gimmick though I don't know that
that's the true representation but I'm
sure a typical Superman comic sure I'm
sure in all the comic books though there
have been some Superman adventures that
have turned into like the characters
been around for close to 80 years
they've done a lot of different things
with the character but but typically
typically he's not done that that dark
of that great so there might be the the
mindless drooling fanboy out there who
wants to see Superman punch someone
through a building great somebody's neck
while yelling savagely yeah
shooting laser beams out of his eyes and
smashing throwing trains around and just
being seeing a comic-book character come
to life and it's truest violent it's for
those people that are out there yes they
should have been a Hulk movie oh yeah
it's a level of distress yeah that's
true cuz Superman made no effort to
safeguard citizens no no he did not fly
off the earth and go you want me God
you've got to fight me on my terms
dude let's go to the moon we're under
snow people are would've been great if
he did do that and they got Zod off the
planet and then the rest of their fight
was shot like the fight in Superman for
all these amazing visual effects where
they can do anything but then once they
get to the moon it's just like
where you can see the black backdrop
that would have been great I don't mind
an action movie I like it you know but I
had to turn my senses off and then there
was like a like a 80 year old grandpa
that came and sat down a couple seats
over and you know I'm sure he remembers
the black-and-white Superman George
George Reeves
or George Reeves Superman he knocked a
door down it's kind of it's it's
unfortunate sort of a missed opportunity
with this because now we are at a point
with special effects where you can have
Superman do these amazing things but
it's it's you so poorly in this movie
and appropriately in this movie yeah
where he's doing things you don't want
to see Superman do yeah like knock
entire buildings over because he's got
to get Zod fuck all the people in the
building yeah well and and like I
mentioned Superman flying around the
earth backwards to reverse time like I
think it's a it's a third one where he
goes crazy and turns evil yes and he
goes around and he he straightens the
Leaning Tower of Pisa and he doesn't
does he lift the Statue of Liberty up
and has to put it back
I don't know Superman moments and and
this movie like they there was too
focused on brooding and dark and and
punching and punching and just smashing
and exploding where it lacked those like
I said should have been a Hulk movie
Hulk movie just senseless destruction
Superman clever heroic yes an
adventurous stuff happening and that's
why it's like the old man fell asleep or
died like who I felt so sorry for him he
comes to this and it's like a nightmare
it's like he's reliving World War two up
on the street and then the little child
down in the front wanted to leave yeah
he a mommy I don't you know and then
just general audiences no yeah me either
maybe maybe if you have the right sense
of humor just the the the extremes the
ending
goes to make you laugh a few times I
laughed a lot during the nd and it just
how wrong everything was and I think you
were laughing a lot too
where it's just amazing you have to
stand back in awe I can't believe
they're doing Superman yes exactly so it
was sort of interesting on that level
you can't you can't even do this simple
Superman orange and anymore it's got to
have a space battle in it yeah it can't
just be all the planets gonna blow up we
only have time to save our child they
can't even do that thing
Zod's gonna shoot everybody in the
council and no jor-el has to fight for
his life and oh no he got stabbed that
he's dying and for the baby Superman's
eyes and they can't just have a nice
simple origin anymore nice simple story
it's gotta be boom boom I don't know
fucking which leads to completes
emotional disconnects from everything
that's happening on screen no no it no
likable or interesting characters
nothing to root for and and just
completely action that's so excessive
that it just you grow numb to it yeah
very very concise and good description
everyone could have just watched that
so as a construction worker when you're
watching the end of this movie were you
just like oh boy that's gonna take a
while to fix construction all right I'm
a construction worker oh god I have to
get back to work oh god thanks for the
beer oh yeah and we should probably get
back to plank and get our check oh right
yeah let's go mr. Plunkett we're back
did you get your new checks oh there he is
hi mr. blanket did you get our check oh
oh that won't be necessary any longer
guys I was talking to the construction
workers outside they're gonna tear down
my house to put a freeway through here
very sorry to hear that mr. blanket yeah
where are you gonna go now wherever the
road takes me I guess gentlemen your
services are no longer required okay
well it's time to get to work
god I love my job
