Jan 9, 2013
Tarantino and More 2012 Re-cap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8I9pDK9NDZs
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/289128518154088450
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/402040969871573
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-extras-tarantino-and-more-2012-re-cap

Half in the bag.
Jay do you think Tarantino
needs to grow as a filmmaker be beyond
the grindhouse blaxploitation
sexploitation 70s kind of Pope obsession
that he has well I I will say this I in
a way I'm sort of disappointed with
where his career is gone because I think
Reservoir Dogs great movie Pulp Fiction
great movie Jackie Brown is maybe one of
his least loved movies it's actually my
favorite it felts like a more mature
movie the characters aren't you know
Tarantino's known for having cool
dialogue and cool characters and that
movie everybody's old everybody's old
and miserable and Pam burgers talking
about having a fat ass and it's
wonderful it feels real and it still has
a lot of his elements but it feels like
a more mature film and more mature
characters and he's never really done
that since no um but at the same time
his movies are so good
you can't really complain that much
right everything he's done since then is
still and the enemy still works in you
know some humanity into these movies it
always feels sort of like real people
trapped in an exploitation film
yes films like I mean the end of Kill
Bill the second one you know this is a
badass chick with a samurai sword you
slice in people apart the movie ends
with her crying on the floor you know so
there are those elements but I don't
think he's ever gone as far with him as
he did with Jackie Brown yeah yeah his
films are highly entertaining highly
engaging very well done but they're it's
they are missing that that slice of
reality like Django Unchained you know
I'm not going to walk away from it with
a more profound experience of the the
civil war-era violence or anything like
that it's it's culty stuff yeah and his
last movies have been that same with our
glorious bastards yeah you know good
movie it's not like a Saving Private
Ryan type movie I mean that schmaltz and
and kind of heartwarming GU right um but
it's not it's not meant to be taken
realistically in any way they're fun but
um I think he could do a movie that's
that's achieves the next level and
you're right Jackie Brown is the closest
thing to that yeah I just don't think
that's what he has any interest in doing
I you know that's fine I guess as long
as this movies don't suck
do whatever you want yeah but it would
be nice to see him branch out a little
bit I guess it's up it's not up to
anyone to to set the standards for what
she should achieve and right up for him
yeah you know to decide so but I agree
with you on Jackie Brown I remember when
that movie came out you know was after
pulp fiction obviously and lines of
college kids and people wanting to see
it all going in and then all coming out
and then it's just the slow boring movie
come out and I remember seeing it and I
was like what this is not pulp fiction
then I watched again and I loved it yeah
it took a little while to warm okay
because that people were expecting
another pulping yeah you have to be you
have to have sort of a different mindset
much Jackie Brown but I was just like
really really entertained by Louie he's
just such a slow movie such good
characters yeah um and were reserved on
the violence mmm yeah there was no gory
shootout and I love the gory shoot on
Django Unchained Oh at one point I was
like is this how it's gonna end like
without without the the explosion of
violence yeah like is it gonna end and
there's that there's a tension yeah it's
gonna have it and I'm like is he going
to have the have the the the the
willpower to not have it end in a gory
violent and then he no no here comes and
you're like okay and it's fun it would
have been a satisfying movie to see it
end in a different way yeah that doesn't
involve that right right again it's hard
to complain when what he's made is so
entertaining yeah anyway
another movie I saw which I would
recommend even though I'm not a huge fan
of Ben Affleck I like Ben Affleck when
he doesn't do schlock and he hasn't done
a lot of schlock lately
no no he's kind of turned his career
around he's a director now and he's
still doing a little more mature stuff I
like the town um that was a good movie
and he's in a new movie called Argo
which is based on a true story about how
they they have a fake movie production
in order to get Iranian hostages safely
out of Iran that are hiding in the
Canadian ambassador's house a really
kind of well paced slowly paced movie a
lot of tension there's a lot of crazy
middle-east craziness going on and he's
got to get these people out and it's
it's it's a really you know kind of gets
your attention and you watch it the
whole time it's a really well made movie
yeah I would recommend that one too I
like that I've heard it's good I haven't
seen it but yeah yeah you really believe
your little story's gonna make a
difference when there's a gun to our
heads I think my little story's the only
thing between you and a gun to your head
I saw flights uh it's a movie about
drinking booze I'm assuming it it
glorifies alcoholism now really no one's
el Washington is really good in the
movie um you know I saw the movie a
couple months ago now and I just I don't
care also in the enjoyable watch but
forgettable was the movie Ted when I was
you see Ted over Christmas that's what
I'm bringing it up okay well I had seen
Ted and I didn't think you would see oh
so we both we both scenes hence we
violated our recap rules is no rule ah
yeah I saw Ted and you know I left a
couple times see this is the thing with
Ted though was it had a it had a really
solid narrative yeah it did it did and I
wasn't expecting that from was Seth
macaroni I know it is it was like let
plug in all the cliches here you know it
was if an 80s movie guy lives with his
girlfriend and he wants to get the girl
back and then yeah but um you know so
just plug in all the plot points it was
that kind of movie Ben which I wasn't
expect it hadn't yeah it had a very very
traditional narrative in a way that's
that's good it felt like a sort of
classic comedy as far as the structure
and the tone of it goes it felt like
you're watching one of those movies that
people have seen a million times the
chemistry between Mark Wahlberg in the
bear I thought was really good I
believed them I kind of forgot I was
watching a cartoon bear after a while so
all those things are nice it was I would
say it was charming it was a charming
movie but I did not laugh once
throughout the entire movie pop-culture
references are not jokes yeah there was
a lot of Nam jokes yeah there it was
that's the whole movie was that it was
oh the Asian guy has a duck and the
Ducks name is James Franco okay what's
the joke yeah we're at the ends spoilers
at the end there's the dramatic
confrontation between the guy that wants
to steal Ted away from Mark Wahlberg's
character at a certain point
gets ripped in half and he's laying
there on the ground and you're like oh
no Ted but then he says oh I feel like
that alien or I feel like that robot in
aliens like this is not the appropriate
time for a pop-culture reference then
isn't a joke it's just a reference and
that's what that whole movie felt like
to me yeah every now and then a dumb
thing that happened would make me
chuckle I think there was someone farted
in the movie and I'm sure some a really
laugh okay um but yeah I was watching it
with a group of people mostly
middle-aged to older adults and there
was lots of dead silence lots of pockets
of dead silence and then everyone fell
asleep I I stayed awake most of it
primarily all of it most of it I don't
remember the parts I may or may not have
slept through but I did I did I was like
you know whatever I I think I just don't
like Seth MacFarlane's style of comedy I
the people that like Family Guy
