Oct 25, 2013
Gravity and Carrie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXhpePGZdPM
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/393764128671928320
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151739992057634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-gravity-and-carrie

Half in the bag.
Ooh, get fucked.
well here we are in the back
of the VCR repair shop right here you'll
find your final resting place ah oh my
that's just an old Halloween decoration
how did that get down there oh there it
is now you're gonna have to sleep on the
hard concrete floor but the good news is
we don't care oh you know I can't thank
you guys enough you you really don't
know how much I appreciate your your
generosity and your your kind hearts
well it's very nice now get to work
what well mr. Plunkett if you're gonna
be staying in the back of our VCR repair
shop we're gonna expect you to do some
chores for starters these are all VHS
tapes that were stuck in the VCRs that
people brought in for repair we need you
to respawn each and every one of them
Rhys Paul yeah you see when a VCR breaks
a VHS tape snaps it in half so what we
need you to do is to painstakingly take
out every screw take the tape apart and
then splice the video tape back together
then reassemble the tape so that it's in
proper working order again it couldn't
be simpler wouldn't it be simpler just
to throw them out that's right mr.
Plunkett you see we're gonna sell each
and every one of these tapes on eBay for
30 cents each that's right Jay the way I
figure we could make at least I don't
know twelve fourteen dollars
sure and that's worth twenty-seven
thousand hours of your time well I I
guess that's reasonable anything for you
guys have done so much for me I mean
before I met you guys I used to live in
a nice comfy house now I've got a floor
well listen why don't you get to work
and we're gonna go around the corner
over there and talk about some new
movies we just saw do you need anything
to get started do you have a screwdriver
no don't fuck this up move it asshole ah
beautiful don't you think
what
the sunrise
terrific
gravity is the new film starring Sandra
Bullock and George Clooney it was
directed by some foreign guy have never
heard of so it must be good right
gravity tells the story of US astronauts
aboard the space shuttle who encounters
space debris and everything gets
destroyed it's a struggle for survival
as Clooney and Sandra Bullock try to
survive floating around in orbit in
their space boots so far gravity has had
astronomical success at the box office
which isn't a surprise because it's a
great film but it also has two of the
biggest stars in the universe in this
guy's opinion gravity has relaunched
Sandra Bullock's career in fact gravity
is so good it'll keep you in your seat
the whole movie are you okay what what
was that what do you mean you suddenly
turned into a hackneyed Hollywood critic
I don't I wasn't talking there was like
this weird ringing in my ears and I I
don't remember the last like like 15
seconds has this happened before it
happens quite a lot hmm have you have
you seen a doctor about this
so Jay what did you think of gravity uh
gravity is you okay yeah I said
something now I know it it was like this
you said so Jay what do you think of
gravity Oh so Jay what did you think of
gravity gravity is really great in a lot
of ways it's really really impressive on
a technical level on a filmmaking level
it's probably one of the best
theater-going experiences I've had it's
definitely a movie that should be seen
in the theatres on a big screen and I
almost feel like an asshole having
anything bad to say about it
because it seems like it's really trying
but it would have been a much better
movie with all the dialogue stripped out
yeah
ah you know I would have loved to love
this movie completely yeah because you
know I'm a fan of science fiction and
space exploration and things of that
nature and I know a lot about that stuff
and it wasn't it's like it was it was
right in the middle of what I would have
wanted it wasn't like a dumb like
Armageddon kind of movie where the like
science is completely thrown out the
window but at the same time it had a
little too many Hollywood cliches
especially in the second half
yeah where it was like it does this
really kind of good job of setting
everything up and then it just kind of
it just goes too far what it felt like
to me while watching it this turned out
not to be true when I got to the credits
I realized this wasn't accurate but what
it felt like was one of those scripts
that gets sort of passed around to
different Studios in Hollywood that has
starts like a bidding war where it's
like this sort of high concepts
Hollywood movie only we've got this idea
for a movie there it's a survival film
in space and it has all those sort of
trite Hollywood kind of cliches in it as
far as screenwriting goes and then it
was given to a director that's very good
visually and kind of elevates it beyond
those typical elements which don't turn
out to be true it turned out it was
Alfonso Kiran co-wrote it is so that's
not the case assuming his brother III
him in any of another cure korone wrote
it yeah I have to give it points for
technicality of course um it was amazing
the first like 15 minutes like one shot
I mean obviously it's not really one
shot but it's a flowing non cutting
camera shot yeah um
it starts off boom you know shot of the
earth and slowly moves in and it's
following around and and you know we saw
this movie on the ultra screen which is
a screen that is ultra with the 3d
glasses and I actually kind of enjoyed
my 3d experience here I thought it
served the movie really well the
equipment is kind of the moving
it has a dimension to it yeah and it it
feels like you're in the environment it
does don't you oh no what hell hell
Explorer this is Kowalski confirming
visual contact with debris debris is
from a BSE dad transport you have to go
we have to go go go actually the first
like 30 seconds to a minute of the movie
sums up my feelings on the whole movie
which is it starts just a wide shot of
the earth very slow it's pulling back
and yours like wow it looks great and
then tiny little George Clooney comes in
and he starts talking like George
Clooney and he's telling these dumb
stories and immediately I was like oh no
that's what I'm talking about the the
Hollywood element to it yeah you know
the first couple of times that I saw the
trailer for this movie I laughed out
loud because it just looks so dumb and I
think it had something to do with Sandra
Bullock is it Bullock or Baalak or
bottle and bollocks bollocks don't mind
never mind the bollocks never mind the
bollocks do you know that people in the
UK bollocks
means balls mm-hmm
yeah Sandra Bullock floating around the
space suit blowing ah
and I think that's one of the biggest
elements that I did not like about this
movie was the fact that it had like big
a listers in it like I was thinking
about that yeah and Sandra Bullock like
if the movie was cast with complete
unknowns it would have had a much more
realistic element to it but George
Clooney is movie star man
he's George Clooney if he's if he's an
astronaut or a fireman or a police
officer or whatever role he plays no not
even just as far as performance goes but
the type of character like in this movie
he is the George Clooney character yeah
I don't know if astronauts talk like
that on the radio
whether for Alan either especially when
they're doing extra vehicular activities
which is evey a that's when they're
outside of the spacecraft floating
around fixing things that's all
astronauts do now you know when the moon
landings and all that stuff is exciting
it was adventurous the space race oh
sure and astronauts during the space
shuttle program they just floated around
in space and fixed satellites but now
they don't even have the Space Shuttle
anymore so this movie is out of date
already yeah then it's like okay well
the audience needs something to connect
to and I kept thinking of of a different
movie because it's like okay say this
was a true story right space thing
sampling I kept thinking of a movie
called United 93 which doesn't feel like
a movie a movie by Paul Greengrass and
yeah that's a movie that's completely
stripped of any Hollywood schmaltz it's
just like here's what happened and you
don't even get a chance to like know any
of the characters except for maybe like
a couple of them in the crisis control
center in there but you know they're
sound like the wife calls and nodding
you know the weather's like this I got
to get home
no none of none of the Hollywood
schmaltz is in that yeah that's what
this one like shmoo shhhht in there yeah
and it's like it's your last mission and
also the not just the dialogue in the
the kind of typical sort of character
beats but also the the themes of the
movie and now they're sort of hammered
into your head they always say with
movies show don't tell there's a movie
that's all about telling every single
yeah
every single theme they're trying to
convey is is very explicitly explained
in the dialogue well let's go with this
premise okay now here's the thing it
there's there's lots of space debris
flying around in orbit and it is true if
space debris hits your vehicle in space
it will rip a hole through it because it
is traveling that fast yeah this movie
just took it to like like an extreme
level where just like every space
station is being blown destroyed you
know I'm okay with that
although the visceral stuff in this
movie like I don't know how
scientifically accurate a lot of it is
I'm okay with that it's really just the
the overwritten dialogue and okay
messages well there's that too I mean
that like Sandra Bullock's character arc
and stuff like that I didn't mind quite
as much I wish they would have expanded
it the space science stuff it's so it's
accurate for the most except for maybe
the end well let's talk about let's not
talk about spoilers hold on there hold
your horses kiddos but you got this this
concept right and it's just like BAM it
starts off astronauts in space it's like
okay we get to orient ourselves and a
good couple of goofy lines I've got a
nun and there's the other guy look whoa
space is cool what around I would have
really liked the first like 20 minutes
of the movie Sandra Bullock is a space
scientist and she has to just to go up
in space and she's nervous about it the
first time they go through the whole
like process and it kind of maybe do a
montage of her training and the whole
experience of getting in the space
shuttle and and all that like thrust
behind you and going that scary shit
yeah that's that's that's also part of
the whole experience and and kind of
going through that whole process and
maybe scaling back all the jumping from
one space station to the other and this
and then this is a because there's some
really good exciting sequences in this
and and they're like this is really
great and exciting let's do it twelve
more times and at that point yeah it
becomes a little too much well you
mentioned Armageddon earlier and oddly
enough that's what this movie reminded
me of where it's oh this went wrong and
then
this went it's a sort of one thing after
another going wrong now you said this
movie felt like a repurposed script
would you think that this may have been
the script to speed3 possible shit that
might have been what's all that racket I
don't know oh my god what was that it
sounded like a huge disaster like that
new movie that just came out that didn't
do very well
Jan's empty hit hard grab ahold anything
you can
Oh
well Jay let's get into some spoiler
territory okay stuff I want to talk
about
yes well spoilers from here on out to
avoid him skip ahead to here whatever
but before you get to that it's worth
seen it's a movie that's worth seen
definitely
anyway spoilers I was with the movie
just fine up until a certain point when
it really lost me and that's when Sandra
Bullock used the fire extinguisher to
time out the exact precise moment when
she would hit a Chinese space station
yeah and use that as pellet to fly
around through space I was watching that
I was like you know I don't know much
about space exploration or science or
most things in general but I'm willing
to bet that you probably can't do that
things like that are extremely
complicated and maneuvers in space are
very precise and that's kind of when it
took a turn for the worse yeah I wasn't
too concerned with scientific accuracy
through most of the movie I assumed they
were embellishing stuff but that was the
part where it just ended up coming
across silly that felt like something
from a Michael Bay movie certain things
are scientifically accurate like NASA
actually like catalogs all the little
space debris that's in orbit they have
like computer models that track it all
yeah so I go up there and float around
for 10 years and you probably won't run
into something because it's like a
hundred thousand miles of space you know
in this movie she runs into a multiple
time yeah it's like it's like it's like
flying around like I don't know what's
coming it's going back yeah like
satellite yeah you know but it's like
the entire International Space Station
is demolished yeah own apartment it gets
a little too fantastical to where if
you're an actual NASA astronaut you
probably would laugh watching some but
you know you have to you have to play
play to the general audiences you have
to play to the soccer moms and grandmas
and they have to understand what's
happening has to be exciting too but
that's what was so frustrating about
this movie is that it would have worked
so much better without that stuff
continuing with spoilers at the end
there's a earlier in the movie Sandra
Bullock's talking about you know her
child died when she was four or
something but he's done with and she's
talked about how she doesn't have anyone
in her life and sometimes she'll just
get in her car and drive with nowhere to
go and then as she's heading towards
Earth at the end she's like now I know
where I'm going and it's like uh and
also it felt like the movie should have
ended several times at that point
because you don't even need to see her
hit Earth like literally see her hit
Earth is not necessary because de
manically the point has been made and I
almost wish it would have ended she gets
to that satellite and the camera is
pulling out and she gets in the little
thing and you see the door closed I was
like oh they're gonna end it right here
this will be great then it doesn't and
then you see the little pod thing
floating towards Earth I was like oh
they're gonna end it right here and they
don't and then she gets she goes you
know she's underwater although the
underwater part was was well done I
thought but yeah and then she crawls
onto the beach it's like we don't need
to see any of this yeah all we need to
know is that she's trying and she's
moving forward with her life
do you remember the name of the second
space shuttle that was destroyed does
anyone remember there was a second one
the first one was the Challenger and
everyone remembers the Challenger but I
challenge you to try to remember the
name of the second space shuttle it was
called the Columbia
why didn't no one remember the second
one I don't know maybe because it wasn't
so traumatic mm because it didn't have a
teacher on board it's headed to the
Challenger at a teacher on board and it
was like everyone was watching it and it
immediately the the Columbia burned up
on re-entry the bottom of the Space
Shuttle has heat tiles all over it and
they could withstand the the heat from
reentry and all that happened with
Columbia was like molten fell off just
one just one it's like Oh fell off and
they're like that's fine and they come
back in and all that heat could get in
through there and blow the spaceship up
disintegrate it so it's like I don't
know I probably would have liked a movie
that was a little smarter and the
science realm where just little tiny
things can cause catastrophic disaster
then this head which is terrified which
is terrified that one little thing in
space that gets fucked up can ruin the
whole mission and kill everybody just
one more thing and this is a guy's gotta
be everything yeah just the idea of
becoming disconnected from the space
shuttle and floating out into space is
pretty terrifying sure and so I don't
know I think the movie on a technical
level really really good really engaging
immersive certain parts had you on the
edge of your seat frightening exciting
you know but I think it went into that
um that play to any audience kind of
Hollywood stuff a little too much from
my personal taste that's yeah same
personal taste is a definitely good
thing to bring out because I can see
most people really really liking this
movie because it is it's easy to follow
hey George Killeen tells you thing
enough George George Clooney explains
every single aspect of the movie both on
a technical level and on a thematic
level
he tells other astronauts about the
danger of space debris because they have
not learned that injury yeah yeah so it
gets all that information across where
I'm assuming most general audiences
won't even be thinking
about it yeah and my complaint is that
it's not technically accurate but that
it just goes too far in the goofiness
now the unrealistic element of it
well Jay let me tell you one thing I
predict about gravity and here it is it
had 12 it's Mike's predictions gravity
is going to win an Oscar in the category
of sound design and next year's Academy
Awards sound design only they just hit
mute it's all I did there's no sound
that's easy well that's one of the
things that I did like about this movie
a lot was the sound design um and that's
that's that's a nerd argument and that's
one that I've never supported was I've
heard say there is no sound in space so
they're about in relation to two movies
that in relation to movies and nerds
have also argued that there shouldn't be
explosions in space because there's no
oxygen to burn fire and then other nerds
say well there's the explosions are from
the oxygen inside the spacecraft nerds
argue about everything um and then but
but the the lack of sound drew you into
the movie in the characters plays that's
that's what a movie does is you project
yourself into the the main character and
kind of feel what they're going through
and the first scene in this when all the
space debris hits the space shuttle it
just kind of comes out of nowhere and
it's it really is kind of frightening
because you see all this stuff coming
you can't really hear it there's no like
don't intend oh no all you're hearing is
what the characters are hearing through
their helmets yeah and it's like and
then all of a sudden you see it
happening around you and then your how
this is this big horrible disaster
happening it happened so fast you know
it's like a car crash and it's like wow
and it almost like where we needed all
this wreckage noise and it but the fact
that it wasn't there really put you in
the place of an astronaut floating
around in space and that was a neat
thing and I think it was I was at
Firefly the shutter Firefly did the no
sound and space thing and to me that
that felt almost pretentious like well
there though this is going to be
scientifically accurate well that's a
would that show it's like a like a weird
sci-fi Western thing it's like I I
appreciate it that they would make
reference to that but at the same time
it's not a Sara Lee appropriate no on
that show it's like Star Wars like of
course you're going to have sounds in
space in a sci-fi adventure yeah and on
Firefly they land on numerous
planets and they all have the equivalent
gravity to earth conveniently exactly a
planet varying in size slightly would
either suck you to the ground or float
you off into space yeah it was a nice
little touch but it's almost like why
bother
yeah in a show like that in a science
fiction fantasy side fantasy kind of
thing you can have explosions in space
you know music and so this seemed to try
to go for that realism and that's that's
the catch-22 for me that's the double
edged sword is that they were doing that
in the beginning and I'm like okay this
is going to be a real kind of movie
about space and then it kind of goes too
far and the we're going to float around
and hop to this space station again this
thing and go to this and this and I'm
just kind of like and then this gets
destroyed and that gets destroyed yeah
it sort of gets repetitive or it's like
this gets destroyed so then I travel to
this other satellite and then that gets
destroyed and I travel you know it
doesn't really the more interesting
parts for the quieter moments yeah yeah
ultimately this movie it felt like a
Robert Zemeckis movie yeah that's a good
comparison later um yeah
flight movies like that where it has
this element of realism to it but it
also has the phony-baloney Hollywood
feel good stuff too yeah
five
so Jay would you recommend gravity
absolutely I would definitely recommend
it in the theater it's it's definitely a
movie that kind of reminds you of how
great seeing a movie in a theater can be
in 3d I don't generally like 3d but it's
probably worth seeing in 3d yes
definitely go see it although I fear
that the the inflated box office numbers
will spawn more experienced movies will
see if it just spawns more original
ideas and movies that aren't based on
something else or sequels or remakes or
whatever I'm okay with it check it out
it's different it's interesting it's
exciting it is not Carrie
you
well Jay now that we just talked about a
film called gravity let's talk about
another film a film where our lead
character can defy gravity with
telekinesis what is happening what was
that I can't back to school the other
kids they think I'm weird
Gary favorite poem did you bring one
don't wanna be Kari is a 1976 horror
film directed by Brian De Palma it's
based on a novel by Stephen King and
stars Sissy Spacek in the titular role
an awkward high schooler who discovers
that she has telekinetic powers what did
you say about tits despite the
resistance of her overbearing abusive
mother Carrie decides to attend her high
school prom but once there a mean prank
played on her by Nancy Allen and John
Travolta pushes her over the edge also
they just remade it Mike what did you
think of Carrie uh I thought why are we
watching this mm-hm
because I I I'm familiar with the
original I've seen parts of it long long
everybody knows the movie even if they
haven't see me I'll know the bloody
Carrie at the prom dance and things
happen but like um I will but we should
say I've seen the original I've actually
seen it many times I really like it a
lot you have not so going into this I
mean some knowledge of the original but
kind of just watching it as a standalone
movie more so than me what did you think
it's a movie where the story shines
through the execution of it okay because
that's it's I mean it's not terribly
made it's it's a well made movie for you
know like someone who's directing a TV
series like kind of things yeah that's
what it felt like if I like it more of a
TV movie which there was a TV version of
Carrie starring Angela Bettis oh oh it
was a much better choice for the role
yeah yeah she's gonna creepy looking
yeah but this one not visually very
fighting on doesn't seem to have a
really strong like directorial voice
like wow this is really stark and
interesting imagery as the Rob Zombie
should have made this sure why does
anybody like taking take that material
yeah turn it into something else
it's a Stephen King book and it has all
those hallmarks and it's good it's a
good story it's about a girl who turns
into a woman in more ways than one and
has her bloody period his his his books
and his stories all have a sick sexual
element to them and and and this one is
no exception it all at the same time too
it felt like a sanitized teenage drama
and at one point I'm watching it and I'm
like oh he's taking her to the prom like
that's interesting like oh isn't this a
horror movie this is something horrific
supposed to happen but it is one of
those movies where it's not a it's not a
good movie to make nowadays because kids
are going to want to watch and constant
murder and torture and then this is a
just a build-up until an explosion of
that yeah and in this it's not an
explosion more of a thud well that's
what I was thinking going into it was it
was going they were probably gonna add
more little horrific scenes throughout
the movie more little scares because an
audience won't pay attention and they
didn't do that so I'll give it credit
for that me personally I got caught up
in the in the high school teenage
romance I was like how could he go to
prom with her what's so gonna do oh wait
yeah this is actually it's it's a really
good example for especially for like
younger people that are just getting
into film watch the original back to
back with this new version to see how
important the visual language of film is
because it is the exact same story the
scene is this movie is almost scene for
scene the exact same movie I actually
noticed the opening credits there's two
credited screenwriters and one of them
is the screenwriter from the original
movie well
and I think he's just credited because
there are whole scenes and hold chunks
of dialogue just taken right from that
movie past the percentage mark the
adaptation I I think that really the
case I doubt he had anything to actually
do with the physical writing of this new
script but yeah the Brian De Palma movie
even if you're not interested in the
story it's a really great movie visually
technically there's some really creative
shots there's extended there's one shot
at the prom they get there the camera
starts on Carrie and her date and they
pan over to the girl that's cheating the
ballots and it pans up to the the bucket
of blood it's all just one really
extended shot but not in like a show off
II way and this movie it's just so bland
and forgettable in every way as far as
the look of it and also the performances
the Chloe grace Moretz she's no sissy
spacek who is Sissy Spacek good your
closet and pray you forgiveness yeah
chloë grace moretz shorten up your name
alright uh whatever
we'll call her kick ass girl the girl
from kick ass uh uh uh not creepy
looking she looks good she's cute when I
when I first saw the trailer for this I
I was thinking like she looks like the
kind of girl that would be picking on
carry in one of these movies but I also
thought like then I was thinking about
that movie excision that I talked about
really take an actress who's really
attractive in real life and just her her
posture and the way she carries herself
yeah she can throw one intended she can
pull off playing this sort of ugly
schlubby carry type character sure but
Chloe grace Moretz just looks like a
normal person through this whole movie
yeah she doesn't really bring anything
to the role yeah the should have put
glasses on that would have made nothing
says movie nerd like glass
how is this still getting worse oh great
I go check on him but I would require
getting up oh my god where's the beef
don't have a cow man I buy that for a
dollar Cowabunga dude do the BART man
two all-beef patties special sauce
lettuce cheese pickles onions on a
sesame-seed bun anyway back to Carrie I
concentrate hard enough I can make
things move there are other people out
there like me who can do what I can do
the original movie it's about high
schoolers but it's not like a movie
aimed at teenagers it just happens to be
about these high schoolers and this one
feels like a movie aimed at teens but
it's rated R it's a very very soft R but
it's R yeah so the audience it's aimed
at can't even go see it though the one
thing to note is that the kids in this
movie actually looked like high school
aged kids they do everyone in the
original movie looks like they're in
their late 20s yeah
now this one they all look young like
young kids but that also made it kind of
weird like in a move I don't want to
watch a horror movie with children in it
they all look so baby-faced they look
like they're 12 and I'm like I don't
want to see 12 year olds get murdered
and then yeah it was it was just stupid
because I just like this this this Carey
bloodbath that I've heard so much about
better pay off in this movie it doesn't
it ended up looking like a look uh I
don't know like a silly look like Glee
but my first six Oakley you know where
that one lady plays the gym teacher in
the tracksuit and all the kids sing yeah
it looked like that except for some of
them caught on fire and got blood on
them
hmm well the first thing I noticed
during that scene because that is the
famous scene the blood falls down onto
Carrie and then they cut to people
reacting and they cut back and
immediately the blood is all dried I
laughed out loud not because it was
funny but because it was like it was the
the perfectly sculpted exact way they
want yeah it went right around her eye
and it was like oh this is a Halloween
costume that you're creating yes yeah it
hit her in the back of the head the
exact way they wanted it to plus they
shot it from multiple angles yeah it
seemed like they wanted to use them all
so they just said it's using it over and
over again from different angles yeah
like to kind of stretch out that
dramatic moment like the editors like
what do I do
do I keep it in a wide in there well I'd
like the close-up to let's just use all
of them in sequential order yeah like it
just killed the impact of it and then
yeah cuts to her and it's like the
perfect and it didn't it didn't have
that organic real feel to it it just
felt like and then she's making a dumb
face and doing like magneto stuff
yeah she's during her telekinesis is
like and also she looks like she's
taking like a maniacal glee and
murdering these people the original
she's just frightened and lashing out
and she just stands there with these big
bug eyes and it's it's like haunting and
creepy and sad and this one you lose any
sympathy for her because she looks like
she's really like enjoying murdering
these people
promised next week you don't have a date
already maybe you want to go in there
mama I've been asked to prom I did like
the gym teacher was Judy Greer and she
seems to elevate bad movies she was in
Jeff he who lives at home Jeff he who
lives at home was a much more
frightening film it was it was it was
much more nauseating yeah I looked that
movie out on Netflix and it's under the
horror category okay okay
Julianne Moore is okay um yeah she was
phoning that in she yeah she whispers a
lot I think because she was embarrassed
to be on the set but wasn't she also in
a remake recently not recently but this
is her second scene for scene remake of
a classic horror movie she was in the
psycho remake Gus Van Sant's weirdo
experiments on a Studios dime - shot by
shot recreate psycho Gus Van Sant made a
weird movie that's true it's true yeah
though it's not as weird as a finding
Forrester where he has gosh oh my god
Sean Connery she just her band you
thought of play chess yes that he says
you're the bad now dog you're the man
now dog yeah whitey MND that's the start
of a great internet craze the first meme
is that the first meme and it might be
someone look this up is that the first
mean you're the man now dog you're the
man now dog kill the man now dog
I did I did like his film about Kurt
Cobain called the last days oh yeah yeah
um oddly mesmerizing
but Gus Van Sant's new film Carrie I was
thinking about it while watching it
because Julianne Moore isn't it and
she's a you know she's a well respected
actress but I was thinking about the
original Carrie Sissy Spacek
and Piper Laurie both got nominated for
Academy Awards for their roles in that
movie are you i I don't think anyone's
getting nominated for anything no no but
I was saying about that and like it was
directed by Brian De Palma and I was
thinking about these movies from like
the 70s and early 80s where you have
these like a listers making a horror
movies yeah Stanley Kubrick - The
Shining and like Ridley Scott did alien
and there's the Exorcist and and now
it's like it's just like the bottom of
the barrel making these cheapo horror
movie
our movies look like Glee it's a bad
time yeah it doesn't have the the guts
pardon the pun to really take the the
scary elements over over the limit yeah
I like the Rob Zombie movie the Lords of
Salem gritty disturbing imagery and you
know that movie felt like a 70s movie
yeah and this feels like like a WB TV
show yeah well and not even that modern
horror movies have to like try to
recreate the 70s movies but they just
have to have some sort of voice to them
there's one shot in this movie that is
stylish four completely pointless
reasons when she's walking back to her
house after the prom scene and the
camera for no reason just goes
completely sideways do you remember that
I I it stuck out to me because I was
like why are they doing that I think I
fell over at that exact moment okay so
I'm that's probably why I didn't notice
it from falling asleep okay you know
yeah if you looked up forgettable in the
dictionary you would find a picture of
us and then beneath that you would find
a picture of this movie Carrie okay
there remake yeah think of Matthew
if the two of you are planning some kind
of joke on a poor lonely girl
Oh God uh it's finally over
so Mike would you recommend Kerry no no
it doesn't carry its weight bland is the
best way to describe it bland and
forgettable with not a very exciting
payoff yeah yeah I would not recommend
it either watch the original I know it's
the easiest thing to say when talking
about remakes but this is a very good
example of how material can be elevated
with someone with a vision my only guess
we should go check on mr. Plunkett and
see what kind of disaster he's created
yeah
no doubt it'll be a huge mess let's go
well I had a few problems but now
everything's done perfectly and I need
no assistance oh well are they in
alphabetical order
yes Oh
you're the man now dog you're the man
now dog you're the man now dog
