Jul 11, 2013
White House Down and Lone Ranger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__TZj2RZso8
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/355353713495375873
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151543058512634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-white-house-down-and-the-lone-ranger

Half in the bag.
I just shit in a coffee can.
Hello and welcome to half in the bag
I'm Jay hmm and we just saw two things
that were recently released into
theatres that the studio is telling us
their movies
that's right Jay the films we saw this
week are White House down and The Lone
Ranger White House down is the new film
from acclaimed director Roland Emmerich
the cinematic genius behind such films
as the patriot independence day'
godzilla' The Day After Tomorrow and
2012 whoo one of my personal favorites
in this film Magic Mike and Jamie Foxx
pretend to be characters in a movie that
is about as plausible as a Roland
Emmerich film Jamie Foxx plays President
James Washington the President of the
United States the White House gets
blowed up and Magic Mike protects him by
shooting the bad guys with his gun also
his little daughter is in danger and he
wants to prove that he's a good father
has this plot been done before
I don't think so thanks Roland Emmerich
I hope someone shoves a club up your ass
this is probably the most enjoyable
Roland Emmerich movie I've ever seen
which is saying very little because I've
hated pretty much all of his movies I
didn't see a couple of them but I'll get
right on that but the first two-thirds
of this movie or so kind of the Roland
Emmerich miss seemed to be scaled back a
little bit there's still some of the
dumb tropes like the the father whose
daughter is mad at him because he
doesn't pay attention to her and all
that stuff but the father-daughter
relationship I really could see I there
wasn't the really bad out of place humor
and the the pandering and schmaltz that
his movies have until the end and then
it gets horrible yeah but there's so
action that I thought was kind of fun
there's only one sequence in the whole
movie that I felt sort of felt
appropriate for a premise like this
which is there's an extended car chase
scene on the White House lawn and the
president has a rocket launcher and
that's like okay it's getting goofy now
but it's just that one scene and then
the rest of it's pretty bland and
bloodless and crappy yeah I think the
car chase scene was the one moment in
this movie where it became goofy and
self-aware and I actually laughed out
loud that felt more of like a like in
her older action movie like an 80s Early
90s action movie well that's the thing
I'm glad you mentioned 80s or 90s action
movie because I actually saw Olympus has
fallen which is basically the identical
movie and that movie was dumb this
movie's dumb they're both dumb in their
own ways but Olympus has fallen is is
80s action movie dumb it's like Rambo
movie dumb oh really yeah and and it's
really good actually there's there's
more realistic violence like at one
point he says I'm gonna stab you in the
brain and I'm gonna stab you in the
brain that's an extra line that's an
actual line that's great and then at the
end he does indeed stab him in the brain
spoilers Wow um but it was a little more
gritty more realistic this movie was um
it almost felt like a cub Mel Brooks
comedy it felt like a like a like a
Naked Gun movie at times like the way
like the way it was filmed and just the
look of it that's funny that you
mentioned Naked Gun because I was
thinking the spoiler James Woods is a
bad guy in this movie he's one of the
first of many predictable plot twists as
far as the characters but during his
scenes I was thinking and I liked James
Woods I think he's a good actor but I
was like he comes off comical in this
role and I was thinking of like it's the
same as putting like Leslie Nielsen in
that part I was thinking that during the
movie I was like you could put Leslie
Nielsen in this movie I did have the
same in same effect
I know you're in the piece no they're
gonna stick that thing out there and go
to work
damn right there's there's actual an
actual line of dialogue at the end of
this movie that it made me laugh out
loud it's not the line where Maggie
Gyllenhaal now says to the president mr.
president China Russia India all the
nations of the world just called and
they love your peace plan that's like an
actual line of dialogue oh yeah I know
just called they love your peace plan
and they vowed to have world peace but
there's a line where um
Channing Tatum is running around and and
she's like you have ten minutes to turn
off the nuclear arms codes or World War
three starts
yeah like verbatim like like literal
World War three is going to start well
that's exactly audience go oh it's bad
yeah she's not speaking metaphorically
right it's literal and I'm like oh yeah
there's no subtlety or there's no
subtlety in this movie ever everything
is like that the movie kind of like the
premise of the movie was just so so
stupid and unrealistic that it reminded
me of just like like a very very low IQ
security guard sitting somewhere like
watching the door at a Walmart and and
that's his fantasy and it'll be a secret
agent and I saved the president when
people come and try to blow up the White
House and like that was portrayed as
reality in this movie I was like okay
well take it over the limit turn it into
a complete comical farce or or don't sew
pants off not George
we gotta go we gotta go
it's it almost just makes you tired I
feel like I've just been beaten
yeah I'm lying on the floor and
Hollywood movies just keep punching me
in the face and it won't you just keep
going like this stop stop and they just
keep punching you and then at some point
you just die again this is a developing
story there has been an explosion
absolutely shocking
it's now okay to make a movie where the
US Capitol blows up and the White House
blows up and we see panic and chaos like
9/11 no one's gonna yell too soon
because it's now been over a decade yeah
so who's got a White House diehard
script I know there's a hundred of them
out there
diehard in the White House who's got him
then they find them and what was this
the magic year where it just happened
well it's happened before in movies if
Armageddon and deep impact and there's
those two volcano movies there's ants in
a bug's life like it just happens I
think it's coincidence as a coincidence
or other Hollywood spies that go so it's
those making this let's make this before
they make that I don't know I can't
confirm that the only case I can confirm
of that is being when golan-globus split
up Oh in Cannon Films split up they both
went off and made their own Lambada
films what can you not maybe now with
the rocket while trying to turn okay
let's talk about the plot to this movie
okay um uh let's specifically let's talk
about the politics of this plot um who
are the villains in this movie uh white
men that's right because we don't want
to offend anybody so old white men
you're safe with even though it creates
a complete lack of interest in anything
that's happening when every villain in
every movie is an old white guy no
crazed right wing nut jobs who go as far
up as the Speaker of the House have a
have a dastardly plan and he has a
magical treaty that will create world
peace oh yeah just like that
it's he met with the President of Iran
and shook his hand and the President of
Iran said let's sign a magic tree peace
treaty that will create world peace and
the the crazed right-wingers don't want
that because the the military-industrial
complex which makes billions of dollars
off war will lose money so the the
Speaker of the House is willing to nuke
the White House and and creating a
nuclear war and blow up all of the
Middle East to keep money flowing into
the military-industrial complex which is
completely plausible but I you know
I was with the movie at this point yeah
stupid let's just call SEAL team 6 and
they come in here to get us we have a
Scrabble Sat phone and residence great
Rosana of course by the way john cale
same SOI someone says write a script
about die hard in the White House okay
ah well you have to have the the
down-on-his-luck security guard who gets
caught up in everything a la John
McClane you have to then you have to
have a really good reason for someone to
try to take over the White House
terrorists or whoever yeah no one in
their right mind is going to try to pull
that off for a bunch of money like like
Hans Gruber right some random building
in Los Angeles maybe the White House no
second you get in you're fucked
you know like you're fucked you're not
going to get out of there alive
so you have to have a really good reason
you have to be a crazy person who wants
to try to get nuclear launch codes to
just to blow up the world because you're
nuts
and if you're that nuts no one's gonna
follow you that's why I was like just
scratching my head going all these guys
I guess they labeled them as racists and
home militant nut jobs that that love
the Ku Klux Klan and hate the president
so that's why they would do that but
really like I say like I'm gonna go hire
a bunch of military guys to come help me
what's the job well it pays really well
what's the job we're gonna storm the
White House but you're gonna get paid
really well once once once they give us
our ransom and let us walk away all I
remember is speaking of them being
fucked as the one of the the secondary
bad guys shoots and kills somebody and
the little daughter says you're going to
jail for that and it's thinking for that
so so you have James Woods who's crazy
and a bunch of other crazy guys and then
and then he has a brain tumor - he's a
brain tumor which is pressing on his
frontal cortex which is making him do
irrational things but also smart enough
to pull off a job like this and
the computer genius guy is also a little
off so a rational computer genius guy
would go no no thanks I'm not that dumb
the most inept insane people in the
world are able to take over the White
House and the only hook that it has is
you're seeing the White House be
destroyed that's pretty much it you
might as well not even have a plot just
show that is it disaster porn its
disaster porn as Oliver Roland
Emmerich's movies are like that yeah he
loves seeing the White House be
destroyed so much that he's gonna give
himself a little pat on the back in this
movie about the fact that he's done it
before they have a reference to
Independence Day in this movie I think
the FBI should come knockin on those
door mm-hmm
he might be something we have some
questions about the film's you're making
so let's talk about performances okay
Channing Tatum's in it and come see the
movie in theaters June 28 all right
we're done talking about performances
let's move on
when did Maggie Gyllenhaal start looking
like an elderly woman ie I noticed that
um especially like her first scene when
she's doing the interview with him and
she says he's like giant bags under her
eyes she is she has like um crease lines
on her face yeah yeah well see she's
always looked kind of like a sad turtle
and in this movie she just looks older
than she is yeah she looks like she's
James Woods is age she's a very poor
lighting um and and she has a lot of
wrinkles on her face from saying
Gyllenhaal all the time
what's your Maggie Gyllenhaal what do
you think about that Richard Jenkins I
like Richard Jenkins
I've always liked Richard Jenkins he's a
good actor he deserves better than this
I thought his James Woods I thought
Richard Jenkins was gonna be like a
character that redeemed himself in the
end little shy awkward to the house
character and um and then at the end he
just becomes like a comical won't easily
cuz mustache twirling villain yeah yes
they're dragging him away he's like
you'll never get me yeah yeah yeah yeah
it's so bad and even like that the White
House is still on fire it's like five
feet from them the Channing Tatum is
wounded and mortally wounded and
bleeding and he's just like you're the
one who's the bad guy let's call your
pager number you can't prove a thing
I'll get you yet
so Mike would you recommend white house
is falling white house is falling uh no
no I feel redundant saying it's dumb
it's the dumbest thing I've ever seen
that's not true I might be no I just
feel tired at this point the best thing
I can say about this movie and maybe
this is why I would say it was the most
enjoyable roland emmerich movie I've
seen is that the disaster porn is sort
of located it's centered on just one
place it was cool for me because it was
only one place I've never really done
that instead of globally where we see
everything blow up that sort of confines
it a bit in a way that makes it feel a
little more restrained than his other
movies it's great to have a person who
allows you to bring in your voice and
bring in your ideas and and these poor
actors in this movie I mean sure they're
getting paid but it's it's like were the
butt of a joke and everyone that's
making this movie is just in on a joke
laughing all the way to the bank yeah
this movie is a huge spectacle
helicopter and tons of people and things
on fire and I mean it's pretty amazing
basically just saying a bunch of
bullshit and you know you're getting
paid and I get that but you know they're
all just laughing at us yeah and though
they're like all the dumb flyover people
the dumb fat cows eating popcorn we'll
all eat this up and they're just
laughing oh I wonder about Roland
Emmerich's motivation is that it um I um
I actually was um is he doing this
completely cynically and just laughing
or does he think that he this is like
does he think of himself as like a
spheal like early Spielberg like I'm
making broad entertainment for a wide
audience that everyone can enjoy like
what do you think his motivation is
roland emmerich the world's greatest con
artist or delusional auteur you decide
you
so Jay did you see any other movies oh
yeah I actually just saw before midnight
which is the Richard Linklater film it's
of course the third in a series of
movies he's been doing over the course
of almost 20 years now which is a really
sort of interesting experiment yeah well
I went to a revival screening a little
independent art house theater of true
foes the 400 blows Oh brilliant
brilliant film that's funny that you
should say revival screenings because I
went to a screening of hearts of
darkness which is of course the
documentary about the making of Francis
Ford Coppola Apocalypse Now brilliant
documentary being really into it it's
amazing to see the process and and the
breakdown you know and everything that
went into making that brilliant
brilliant film yeah I'm glad with all
these other screenings were going to
that we still had time to see The Lone
Ranger eight men wrote in to Kenya I dug
seven graves the men you seek think you
are dead better to stay that way you
want me to wear mass justice
is what a man must take for himself The
Lone Ranger is the new film from a bunch
of people who got together and said
let's make an old idea new again put
Johnny Depp in it and laugh all the way
to the bank these people are now
unemployed the film stars Arm and Hammer
as The Lone Ranger and Johnny Depp as
another one of his eccentric characters
who wears a stupid hat so Mike what did
you think of The Lone Ranger uh yeah I
fell asleep during it actually during
several segments really I did great I
have to take you in you hear me
would you call this movie a mess it's
almost a mess it's not quite but it
definitely has tone issues well well
here's the thing okay um the talk of the
town is that the Lone Ranger is a
big-ass flop it only took in 19 million
dollars on its opening weekend and a
costume two hundred and seventy billion
dollars to make and it's I think it's
helping to bankrupt Disney you only wear
masks there come a time when good man
must wear masks what went wrong J what
is wrong with the Lone Ranger everybody
wants to know uh well I think the
biggest thing is that nobody gives a
fuck about The Lone Ranger
I think that would be the biggest thing
there's a complete lack of interest in a
Lone Ranger movie but well there was a
complete lack of interest any Pirates of
the Caribbean movie well that that was
something that was completely out of
nowhere though the lone Ranger's been
around nobody cares anymore it's not one
of those things that you can revive like
you know the comic book movies or what
something else they bring back like
horror franchises like make a new
nightmare home street movie make a new
fraud
Friday the 13th movie well if nobody's
interested in a new Lone Ranger movie no
but nobody was interested in the Pirates
of the Caribbean movie either that's
something where you go like what but but
it's the fact that the movie works so
setting that aside Lone Ranger yeah
one was the hell was that on TV
thirty I don't even know yeah I like The
Lone Ranger like it's so antiquated it's
out of date and you can even like it's
it's it's almost like don't touch it
because you got a guy as an Indian
running around and it's like yeah you
know I'm angry because white men talk
with two tongue so it's not that it's
what's wrong with the movie you can you
can take some old crappy idea put a
twist on it make it work why didn't this
movie work for you um well a big part of
it is the fact that it's tonally all
over the place there's I don't know it
starts off entertaining enough it's sort
of light-hearted and and then halfway
through there's they get on a train and
it goes on for an hour with them on this
train and it's all serious and there's
double crosses and drama and whatever
and they get off the train and there's
all this stuff with the army fighting
the Native American tribe and it's just
people like brutally violently murdering
each other with arrows and rifles and
it's horribly like depressing and you're
watching it you're saying I thought this
was supposed to be fun and then and then
it gets wacky and goofy and it brings
the old Lone Ranger theme back for the
end and you're like wow how did we get
here now so I think that's it it's sort
of like whiplash you're all over the
place on what I think you're supposed to
be feeling emotionally and then that
sequence that whole train sequence where
they have that song playing I guess we
should say this is the climax of the
movie it's a fun scene there's two
trains they're on tracks right next to
each other there's lots of jumping back
and forth from one to the other there's
a ladder that's being swung around and
it's it's a lot of fun and it's got the
classic Lone Ranger music plane but
that's the only time in the movie that
that plays and it comes after 45 minutes
of bad drama and and slaughter and war
and you're like what am I supposed to be
feeling here it's a fun scene but it
lacks any emotion yeah it lacks any any
heroism any excitement because we're
trying to stop
an old man from taking a bunch of silver
that he mined and making 65 million
dollars with it and becoming the head of
his own corporation now like that's
that's what we're trying to stop and
it's like that and and even star trek
into darkness it was a crazed Admiral
who was power-hungry
who wanted to militarize the Starfleet
for his own evil purposes and as an
inside thing we we can't have a bad guy
it has to be cynical
you can't wave the American flag because
that's patriotic and corny I was more
interested in the the sub bad guy who
they establish earlier in the movie as
being the bad guy yes creepy he's dirty
he's a fucking cannibal for some reason
which is really dark and weird for a
movie like this but you're you were
given a sufficient motivation to dislike
him and want to see The Lone Ranger
defeat him
the guy ate his brothers fucking heart
yeah which happens in the movie by the
way a character gets a knife shoved into
his chest and his heart dug out and
eaten all I know is that a man killed my
brother if we ride together we ride for
justice justice is what I seek well
let's continue talking about the the
cynicism of the way the source material
is treated in this as I mentioned the
Lone Ranger for the most part is sort of
like a bumbling buffoon he's treated as
a joke Tonto is no longer the the loyal
you know proud Native American he's a
crazy person that's maybe lying about
everything throughout the whole movie
and then the whole movie is told in
flashbacks and the wrap around - it is
him is like a carnival freak show
attraction like that's his fate
something very wrong with that horse is
that elderly woman that was in front of
us in the screening of this and when the
Lone Ranger theme came on at the end she
was like because she recognized
something from being a teenager there
was an elderly woman with dementia or
she had some sort of problem with her
but she started clapping oh yeah it's at
the movie and and everyone's like what
oh you have emotions we're just here to
be bombarded with picture and sound for
two hours and then leave Oh
movies make you feel something what what
is this lady from the past oh yes she's
a hundred and five years old ma'am do
you remember a time when movies made you
feel something oh yes
I watched Humphrey Bogart and Clark
Gable back in the pic did you feel
something what was that like
so yeah who you think is the main
villain in the movie is a cannibal which
is pretty bizarre for a Disney film he's
referred to by Johnny Depp as Tonto as
the the Wendigo which is like a Native
American a monster that eats people or
something like that so they keep saying
Wendigo in the movie a lot every time he
said Wendigo I kept thinking of one of
my favorite films of all time bounds by
blood Wendigo the morning was the
potential being possessed by an evil
spirit the Windigo was called once
possessed the human host would
supposedly become violent and obsessed
with eating flesh uh the witches which
is a wonderful film released by uh
killer wolf films
oh yes director lenka Basinski who is my
favorite filmmaker done a good job here
for the most part I did what you told me
to you're right you have I don't believe
involving the local authorities was part
of our deal yes also my favorite
filmmaker
what a coincidence Len CAPA since KEB
KEB Basinski jr. well sure just going to
have to ask you
what do we do when we make a lone ranger
feature well the first thing they do is
they come up with a checklist you got to
put Tonto hiyo silver of the the classic
Lone Ranger theme I'd put all these
things in there and then you give that
little notepad with the checklist to the
writer and he goes what mmm and then he
just comes up with some dumb plot about
revenge and profits but what do you do
about the Tonto character you just cast
Johnny Depp cuz everybody loves him and
he can get away with anything
everybody loves Johnny Depp and he's
played a whole bunch of different
characters with wacky makeup and
costumes on so he's the least likely to
offend especially if you put Indian war
paint on him that's that's a
race-neutral Indian war paint which is
just black and white smeared well
because you can't go brown face yeah but
Johnny Depp he can't be a Native
American and we cannot cast one so
you're left with this conflict and then
to further distance ourselves from the
material will make him a crazy person
yeah he's not just a noble and Noble
Native American who's working with a
Lone Ranger to solve crimes or to right
the wrongs yeah reform justice it'll
also be the smarter of the two to make
it seem a little bit better that he's
the sidekick it's really more of the
hero and the Lone Ranger is more of the
sidekick really on you thority granted
me by the state of Texas I'm hereby
arrested you so how many of these movies
have to flop before the studio starts to
really panic and say maybe we should try
something new uh I guess I would have to
look at their their bank account
information question J
as we stated before the overseas markets
are very important now which is why
villains and all movies now are crazy
Americans yeah especially in political
realistic films like White House down or
anything in that genre it's our own
military or our own insiders that have
gone nuts it's never an outside threat
right an outside threat is racist and
offensive and we especially China we
know touched a hand
we love you China we recut our movies
for China we cast new actors and do
different versions of films like where's
the artistic integrity in that like Jai
are you saying that Hollywood are a
bunch of sellouts and traitor well I
think especially right now like with
we're super her super hero movies are
add and movies like this like I think
people want to see a hero like I think
people would want to see a Superman that
they can get behind and be like yay
Superman or or any of these other
characters and we're sort of denied of
that everybody's mopey and whiny or or
they're not really the hero and things
have to be dark or have a new twist or
new angle and there's certainly room for
that with the right material sure not
everything has to be that even though
the Lone Ranger flopped remaking another
something similar to it is still a saver
but then putting 200 million dollars in
an unknown product
well where are we at with the Lone
Ranger J uh don't bother C unit I guess
nobody did so it doesn't matter anyway
I'm glad that at the end they brought
the Lone Ranger theme back because it's
manipulative but it sort of gave you the
illusion that you're seeing something
exciting yeah yeah and then it's that
it's that problem
