Apr 25, 2013
Oblivion and The Lords of Salem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lleFKKjxzIk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/327453230969810944
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151421472997634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-oblivion-and-the-lords-of-salem
 
Half in the bag.
What stupid piece of crap movie is he gonna talk about now?
dog weddings what'll they think of next
dog divorce lawyers what'll they think
of next
dog funerals Oh
Jay you're getting dirt everywhere you
fucking kidding me I just buried the
body of the guy that you murdered and
you're complaining about a little dirt
can't you show a little gratitude
have you seen oblivion the new film
starring Tom Cruise 60 years ago Merce
was attacked we won the war but they
destroyed half the planet everyone's
been evacuated nothing human remains
we're here for drone repair the mop-up
crew
oblivion is a new science fiction film
from visionary director some guy who
made Tron 2 in the film Tom Cruise plays
a guy who repairs things on earth after
it's been destroyed by an evil alien
force who's gonna repair his marriage
oblivion is the matrix meets Total
Recall meets Independence Day meets
wall-e meets Planet of the Apes meets
the Fockers so Jay what did you think of
oblivion have you ever seen that movie
moon I have yes that was a really good
movie I saw absolutely no similarities
moon was just such a unique you know
sort of a original sci-fi film with kind
of its own sort of tone and voice and
style and I really liked moon
yeah I saw moon I'm saying why what's
the connection I really I'm really not
seeing the connection oh it's just you
know like it's nice when you see a
sci-fi movie that just has that sort of
distinctive voice and and it really is
engaging and draws you in and you're
curious where it's going and it's
constantly surprising you and it just
feels really fresh and original I really
like movies like that I do too that's
why I'm can't wait for grownups to to
come out now my point being that
oblivion was fine it was slick
repackaging of a ton of other things
we've seen a million times before yes I
agree with you I think that's I first of
all I just wanna say I liked the movie I
found it entertaining slick like you
said visually interesting I liked a lot
of elements of it I felt it was long on
the running time but overall I liked it
but it did really really stand out as
just a hodgepodge of other ideas taken
from all sorts of other movies um and
who knows moon might have been an idea
someone thought of an another science
fiction food movie but well the point
being that when you see a movie even if
it does draw inspirations from other
things if it's well told on its own you
sort of forget about that and just get
drawn into the story and I was never
really draw
on into this movie I was never engaged
yeah that might have a lot to do it Tom
Cruise Tom Cruise is Tom Cruise in every
movie mm-hmm you never elevates material
he never makes material worse he's
always just there yeah as Tom Cruise
yeah I always picture whenever I watch a
movie with Tom Cruise and and I picture
some other actor in his place I always
pictured just some nobody actor and see
if I would like the movie any
differently because really like this
movie it's a good sci-fi movie it's it's
the best sci-fi movie you're gonna get
that's a big commercial movie well it's
it's nice to see a movie and I think
I've been noticing this I think big
Hollywood sort of sci-fi and/or action
movies they're kind of getting away from
the everything but the kitchen sink
approach that we've been seeing as the
result of like Roland Emmerich and
filmmakers like that
where this movie felt like it took its
time and I appreciated that as opposed
to you know action scene every 20
minutes and things have to get
ridiculous it felts really sort of
straightforward and just a story that
they were trying to tell as opposed to
just shoving in everything I'm good to
go
and we can finally leave and join the
others don't take any chances so Jay who
directed this film I you know I want to
keep calling the director of this movie
lenka Basinski but it's not letting
caves in ski lemkova ciske is the
director of much greater films like Fist
of the vampire and curse of the wolf but
it's something like lenka Basinski I
have a something it's a ski last name
it's a ski last name but he he directed
Tron Legacy that was his first feature
as a director and Tron Legacy is a movie
that a lot of people shit on I liked it
quite a bit
I've heard it ruined Tron it ruined Tron
like the complaint about it not making
sense so they're being plot holes like
it's a sequel to Tron yeah but visually
it's very nice it's very slick the deft
Punk score is great drags a bit in the
middle but there's some some good stuff
throughout it and something that worked
in that movie's favor that I think
doesn't work for this movie is how sort
of like clean and sterile the style is
the visual style like it makes sense for
Tron because it all takes place in a
computer and in this movie that sort of
I think was another thing aside from Tom
Cruise's performance that kind of kept
me from really getting invested in it I
understand what you're saying I don't
know if I completely agree with it um I
would say or were to describe this movie
it would be very very competent and yeah
it doesn't shout like I'm the director
this is my my vision for this material
which is fine for some movies like I
said it works for Tron for this movie it
didn't work for me of it yeah and a lot
of that goes with the cast the cast is
bland the material is is kind of
straightforward I've heard some people
say that the movies confusing and I
didn't get that at all it's very
understandable yeah because I really I
didn't know what to expect from it but
then at a certain point I mean it's
really obvious from the beginning like
okay the this scenario of what they're
doing isn't what it's what it's supposed
to be you get that vibe okay something
there's going to be a another
to this but yeah from from the actors to
the art department to everything else it
just kind of felt like people working on
a movie like there wasn't that singular
voice like I would compare this movie to
the matrix a lot in the in the storyline
but um the matrix kind of really felt
like it had its own voice
yeah well that's noises that's another
good example of a movie that's is
definitely taking its ideas from tons of
other material but kind of making it its
own thing and this sort of took ideas
from a lot of other movies and made it a
vanilla ice cream cone
I've been watching you jack you're
curious as also related Tom Cruise I
tried to play a game during this movie
because apparently Katie Holmes filed
for divorce while he was in the middle
of shooting this film so I was trying to
play a game where each scene I would
guess before or after he found out and I
couldn't tell the difference because Tom
Cruise is so OneNote
I don't like Tom Cruise I think he's
he's kind of boring he's good in certain
roles but I like movies with Tom Cruise
in them but I don't like any movies
because of Tom Cruise being in them so
you don't Tom Cruise is 52 years old
well that's something we should mention
is that he keeps getting older but his
love interests just stay the same age I
looked up the actresses in this and
their one is 17 years younger than him
and one is 21 years younger than that's
not they're both they both play his wife
character yeah feel sorry for women in
in the movie business
you know if you're a man and you're
innately Dakshin story I mean they'll
cast well cast an actress you know
alongside you that that they think you
know they're not gonna cast him with
Miley Cyrus or somebody that's never go
that young but they're also not gonna go
with like a Julianne Moore or someone
his own age right because that's too
much of a blow to his ego to have have a
woman that's not beautiful and young as
his wife but you can't pick him too old
but not too young so they find like
right in the in the 29 to 30 year old
range and he's 50 something yeah I mean
he looks a little younger than 50 you
granted but a woman you know once you
once you're over that hump you're done
but if you're a man you can you can be
75 years old Sylvester Stallone will
probably be married to Megan Fox and the
next bar in Expendables 8 and
Expendables it my boy this year like in
real life that's your granddaughter
we have an unidentified young party
don't ask too many questions they are
human how do you know my name
they're firing gun survivors
well let's uh let's bring in some
spoiler material here okay spoilers
coming up spoiler alert if you want to
avoid spoilers yes yep ahead to this
timecode yeah with other movies that are
out now like I would say I don't care
that much about spoilers this one it's a
it's a it's a two hour long movie it's a
good movie it's worth your price of
admission and and there are enough
things that happen in it that we don't
want to spoil so again skip to this
timecode yeah so watching this movie it
felt like a hodgepodge of 26 other
movies primarily what did you get out of
it what movies uh well moon especially
that was sort of like when it was
getting towards that sequence where oh
there's a guy in the distance I was like
it's gonna be him mm-hmm
I just do it immediately and that was
sort of like a lot of the revelations in
this movie was like right before
something was revealed
I was playing guess the trope or guess
the movie and my mind is like this is
that's gonna be him yeah it's like oh
that that that woman on the monitor
she's not real right I picked up on that
right away yeah yeah got it
there is no Titan there that in the film
they say we're gonna we have two more
weeks to go and once we're done with our
day I'm really a hammer that in two
weeks we got to it's like the the cop
movies where they I'm one week from
retirement they say it over and over
yeah but they're you you you get the
feeling that there is no Titan it's
almost like it's like another movie you
could bring up is the island the Michael
Bay movie I haven't never seen like like
people there they clone if you pay a lot
of money to you may have a clone made of
yourself that lives in this place and if
you look if you have a problem with your
organ they bring the colon out and they
steal the cologne's organ and put it in
you it's like backup organs okay and and
the thing in the environment where all
the clones are from it's like you get
picked from a lottery to go off to the
island which is like this tropical
paradise you live on and there is no
island the island is the hospital room
and it's like that so it's like okay
that I know what's gonna happen there
yeah and of course another big one that
I forgot to mention is Independence Day
a couple of the action sequences were
reminiscent of that but the main one is
you know the end when
Tom Cruise flies into the mothership the
little ship with the bomb on board and
Independence Day it wasn't a bomb it was
a virus but it was the same exact
situation thank god this movie wasn't
another Independence Day though yeah
fuck that movie it was a lot better than
independence yeah I would give this
movie like a B b-plus i from a guy who
likes science fiction I enjoyed it okay
Tom Cruise is boring all the actors are
boring but there there were some neat
sequences there are some neat concepts
and ideas it's it's pretty good sci-fi
not cerebral sci-fi which they won't
make in a theater anymore that's so
unfortunate you're never gonna see
really really slow-moving boring
cerebral science science fiction this is
the closest you'll probably get with a
big-name actor and a big-budget
Hollywood movie yeah I enjoyed it
there's some twists and turns in the
plot and enough to keep you satisfied
they're not overly predictable all the
time sometimes they are sometimes
they're not and so you know good action
good good movie I can't hate this movie
no I don't hate it I feel nothing
towards it
I'm not gonna do that it's my home
there was a lot of cool moments you know
the problem is it's not it's not
shouting with some kind of originality
yeah and really like you could have all
the competency in the world and if it
doesn't come with some sort of artistic
voice behind it or some sort of engaging
story I didn't think the story this was
terribly engaging because it is all
those things we've seen yeah it's it's
it's it's a generic story told well and
not much else yeah I was interested in
the story but I wasn't engaged yeah it
was interested enough to keep me going
but didn't didn't quite pop out I have a
feeling this director guy is just a real
bore at parties just he's he's quite the
contrast from our next director mr. Rob
Zombie oh my god yes
hi
are you the new tenant
the Lords of Salem is the newest horror
picture from director Rob Johnson Rob
Zombie why would in the film an ancient
curse is revived in the town of Salem
bringing back witches and their evil
plot to conjure up the son of Satan it's
a movie featuring weird visuals bad
acting and uncomfortable nudity the
movies runtime is approximately 100
minutes and it contains a plot sort of
Mike what did you think of the Lords of
Salem well let me tell you J I love this
picture I have not seen Rob Zombie
movies before the only one I did see was
the Halloween remake I'm so sorry
which they didn't like I I enjoyed the
first half of that movie the first or
first act or whatever one when you
weren't being reminded of that it's
supposed to be a Halloween yeah when I
was telling the back story of the kid I
mean it was an irritating movie that's
because of all the overacting and
goofiness in it like it was just too
unrestrained yeah but I was like oh we
get the back story of Michael Myers at
least you know there was something new
right and then after that it just was
like a zombie exactly the first movie
just told in half the time because the
movies I have over so I everyone talks
about a house of a thousand corpses or
the Devil's Rejects or movies like that
didn't never seen any of them yeah
why haven't I seen any movies I don't
know what have I what was I doing
oh I was I was playing outside riding my
bike I was flying kites I was enjoying
my life but yeah I know so I haven't
seen those films and I watched this not
really knowing what to expect and I have
to say I I kind of liked this movie I
also I kind of loved this movie which
isn't to say I thought it was a great
movie I'm not even sure if it's a good
movie but I was constantly fascinated by
things that were happening on the screen
but as far as other Rob Zombie movies go
before this one I only liked one of them
which is
The Devil's Rejects I really like that
movie I liked the the characters and the
tone and the style of it it's got kind
of a macabre sense of humor and the
performances a staple of Rob Zombie
movies is digging up every Z grade actor
that said every horror convention and
putting him in his movies but actually
giving them something interesting to do
not just hey look it's so-and-so and
this movie has a lot of that but when I
think of Rob Zombie as a director I'm
always reminded of the the line from
this This Is Spinal Tap because those
movies are constantly riding that line
where there's serve an audacity so what
he's doing and sometimes it works and is
interesting and sometimes it's laughably
bad and sometimes it's both and that's
certainly the case with this movie and
and and the lack of or not lack of
direction but the poor direction I'll
say as far as the actors goes it's kind
of one of one of the things that
intrigued me about this movie was that I
recently I've seen a lot of horror
movies I don't know what it was it's
just movies that we've believed reviewed
or just watched on my own and it they
also sort of seemed to be the same like
it's the same like by picture Ethan
Hawke and his you know generically
beautiful wife in sinister whatever
ghosts there's the ghost that looks the
same well the trailer before this movie
there was another one it looked exactly
I don't know what it was called it was
like the ghost Dineen or something but
it was generic looking people the
typical jump-scares generic ghosts yeah
so a lot of that gets gets kind of run
through the the Hollywood
sanitization filter and and with this
it's like you know Rob Zombie of course
puts his wife in all of his movies and
she plays the lead in this her name's
Sheri moon zombie yeah and you know
she's got dreadlocks tattoos she's kind
of like not the kind of person you would
have play your lead role in a movie and
then like the supporting cast is a weird
guy with a beard who looks like Rob
Zombie
younger and then Ken for ease in it and
they're all just terrible at acting and
I wanna say they're terrible they're
they're completely appropriate b-movie
actors they're they're slightly hammy in
a way that at least makes it more
memorable than generic Ethan Hawke and
his generic wife yeah you know no I
makes it more memorable it's appropriate
for a movie like this well the thing
what this is like there there were
scenes in this movie and and that's
what's intriguing about it and that's
why I'm taking the angle with the the
bad direction of the actors okay I can't
remember what scene it was or where it
was but something happens you know and
then they kind of pan over and the
characters like and and I'm like are
they upset are they worried are they
nervous I have no idea like how people
are remoting to what's happening or if
the actors themselves even know what's
going on yeah and you get this this
weird vibe like it was it was like
dreamlike or nightmarish quality where
where you never really know like who's
who's playing it straight or who's just
acting bad or it was so is this kind of
like a mindfuck at times at least at
least from a production standpoint yeah
you have to understand that there is a
war waging in heaven well I was I was
interested in this movie because it's
about the occult and Satanism and I
don't care about those things in real
life but for whatever reason movies
about that stuff is always sort of
interesting to me like Rosemary's Baby
and and there's definitely a sort of
Rosemary's Baby influence in this this
is another movie like Libyan where it
kind of feels like tons of influences
coming from everywhere and that's it's
all so fucking bizarre that it kept me
interested well that's the thing too you
know me like I can't stand movies where
I get frustrated because they don't know
what's going on and I kind of expected
that from this I was real surprised to
find that it had a plot paper-thin as it
was stupid
I mean if you if you extract the
storyline from this it could you could
drop it into any like direct-to-video B
movie like the general plot of this
movie is Jonathan Hawthorne the the
famous Salem witch trials judge killed a
bunch of witches and they put a curse
we're gonna come back and I think in the
in the beginning they were trying to
have a Satan son be born from a woman
right and it came out a regular baby
so they spit on it they said fuck this
baby and they're like yeah way they they
sure later with this I had half oh yeah
so they didn't quite fulfill their
mission early on in the 1600s to give
birth to the Satan's offspring so they
put a curse on everyone they burn the
witches and then something about like
the direct descendant of Hawthorne which
ended up being Sheri moon zombie
character yeah is gonna give birth to
the Satan child and then there was this
like a museum curator guy and he's out
what he's finding Clues on the computer
and it's like okay that that's just it's
just terrible but the movie holds its
own with the
the style yeah it's more of a visually
driven movie than a narrative driven
movie which is good because the the I
think of like the storyline and the
mentality of it it's like a like a
teenage boy
yeah like Satanism and I'm gonna shock
people by having her give head to a
priest it's like no Rob Zombie people
aren't shocked by this anymore yeah but
there's things like where he sort of
takes those elements that are served
generic or bad and sort of executes them
in a slightly different way than you
would expect like the the author
character like that's the type of
character that in a more conventional
movie would be very sort of like down to
business very serious the dr. Loomis
character in the original Halloween and
here he's just like this jovial guy with
this wacky Venezuelan wife but he's just
like there's even a scene where he's
laughing and one of the witch ladies is
like what are you laughing at nothing's
funny and so there's those elements that
are sort of done in a different way and
that is a situation where that works but
then there's other parts where he tries
to do in a different way and it just
falls completely flat yeah the doctor
guy was and wasn't we've got to find out
the solution yes exactly it was nice to
see it and there's the scene where he
gets a lot of exposition about the
history of the witches and all that from
another author and both of them are just
goofing around and the the other author
is like this is all bullshit and it's
not that scene where you have this is
the beguine with what's-his-face Vincent
D'Onofrio and sinister were everything
serious and it's trying to be scary like
those things are never scary if I hated
that scene yeah that's when he talks to
him on the Internet yeah yeah what you
have is a book ghoul problem yeah the
the stock like college professor type I
think they even put on like a tie-dyed
t-shirt with a professor's jacket on in
that movie and and it's like okay
you know don't don't do that
90% of the movie is held up by the
visuals and without the the framework of
the little plot to hold it on it would
have all just fell apart for me but no
it'd just be weirdness for the sake of
weirdness and lots of crazy images and
you have to have something more than
that you have to have a little something
to keep you guessing on what's gonna
happen next and all that all the stuff
in this like really it's very shy
reminiscent to the shining yeah and well
that's a good compliment it's sure it's
weird to give that to Rob Zombie because
people think Rob Zombie and they kind of
Oh rock and roll guy he's making a dumb
horror movie yeah and not that this
movie is smart it is dumb but one thing
that early on the movie has that a lot
of horror movies don't have anymore is
atmosphere horror movies now like the
generic ghost movies it's just it's all
about the jump scares it's about the
ghost person standing there and and this
is like it's very slow moving at the
start there's lots of something that
always gets me is like the creepy low
humming ambient noise like David Lynch
uses it a lot and that's always really
effective to me and there's a lot of
that interesting sound design Salem in
the fall like like all those shots of
just the city look really nice and you
get a sense of the atmosphere and most
movies don't have that anymore
you didn't have have a family moving
into a house in Salem right whose father
is out of work writer and the mother is
working hard to raise the kid yeah and
they just buy a house and they realized
it's haunted but late by that it's a
weird lady with dreadlocks whose butt is
always exposed with tattoos all over her
body who used to smoke meth and who is a
weird radio deejay yeah and then that's
our that's our heroine no pun intended
is everything alright
to curse the Lords of Salem possessing
the souls of the Salem women which The
Devil's child would inherit the earth
well I will say the the middle of the
movie dragged a bit for me because it
almost feels like this is sort of a slow
build of a slow burn movie but it almost
feels like he was worried that it would
be too slow there's a whole chunk where
it's like scene after scene of creepy
weird visual thing oh it's crazy what's
going on and she wakes up oh it was a
dream or was it and that happens like
over and over like five times in a row
yeah and some of that stuff didn't work
for me no it seems like too early to
like if you're gonna go crazy have a
really slow build-up you know and then
go really nuts at the end yeah III know
what you're saying about those scenes I
really like those scenes but as
individual scenes they were fine but in
the context of the movie they as far as
the plot goes they had no purpose yeah
but then if the end towards the end of
the movie it kind of goes off the rails
and turn this into a full-blown just
experimental like 70s trip movie and and
some of it works some of the images were
really striking and interesting and kind
of gorgeous in a like ugly way but some
of them just felt like a dumb music
video like there's a part where sharing
when zombie is on top of a like stuffed
goat and she's riding it like a
mechanical bull is like that's stupid
but then the next shot or one of the
following shots is this long hallway
with all these fat naked women with goat
masks on and this Pope guy with like an
ash face in the middle and it's like
dead center yeah Kubrick like framing
mm-hmm and that was like wow that's
really cool again that's interesting
yeah and I you can piece together what's
going on and that's an important thing
it's not just weird visuals right but
there's sort of a weird contrast between
like which shots work and which don't
and there's there's that lack of sort of
control well I don't know much about Rob
Zombie is he a smart man Jay he seems to
be he seems to be very sort of
thoughtful like I don't listen to his
music I don't care about his music at
all but and like behind the scenes stuff
I've seen
he seems like he actually can justify
decisions being made and it's not just
like weirdness or whatever yeah it's
kind of like Marilyn Manson where you
semen interviews and stuff and he seems
really well-spoken and intelligent so
yeah because I'm watching this movie and
I'm like I'm looking for some sort of
deeper level to it other than the silly
plot about the ancient witch curse I
don't know if there's much of a deeper
level to it than that
well I'm like I'm watching it and I'm
there's this there's a minor subplot
with her and her drug addiction
and I'm just wondering if it the whole
movies just supposed to be some sort of
metaphor for drug use I mean is it is it
that or is it just throw that in there
to make it weirder I think that's well
it's sort of like oh is what's happening
in her mind and then when people see her
acting weird oh it's because she's on
drugs again but it's not though because
the end of the film the film ends with
no I'm talking with the characters in
the movie questioning that not the
audience oh okay because it's that part
where the the Rob Zombie character
knocks on her door she looks all
horrible and she's talking about seeing
things and yeah
he just assumes it's the drugs right
right so I don't think it's meant to be
any sort of metaphor for drug addiction
I don't know I kind of like the
metaphorical aspect to it if that was
the case because it may gives it a
little depth but yeah I don't know I
don't think it was right I know because
if there's one thing Rob Zombie's not
it's a good screenwriter most of his
movies are horribly written and horribly
structured the shame of it to me though
is that the the the visuals are so nice
yeah and then they are so classic
looking and and rich and weird and I
just wish there was a little more
intellectual substance to it in recent
times it's the closest thing I've seen
yeah that that has had visuals that
actually kind of creeped me out yeah and
there was a lot of it in this like so
and and it in a comment comes off and
some of it comes off in a corny way but
in a creepy way like the corny can be
creepy that's why movies from the 70s
still work
like this movie has images that will
stick with you yeah
it's not just jump scares yeah the first
thing I thought of was the 70s with the
witch burning scene in the beginning and
it was very grainy it looked like old
film yeah looked like an old 1970s movie
because of the way it was shot as well
it wasn't like it didn't feel like a
modern-day movie it felt like a bunch of
naked old ladies on a set with with you
know you could see you can't see the
background you see the fire and it's
just like there's an artificial quality
there's a very artificial quality to it
and it was very and it was just like
okay what's this and this is so weird I
don't see anything like this and then
you move to the apartment building and
all this other shots in there yeah
especially the health stuff too like
Satan was a guy in a gorilla costume
it's like sasquatch and and it was like
that's so weird yeah and then this this
creepy midget shows up with ten o'clock
well I was the part where it was creepy
but at the same time I was like
chuckling it's just so like you watch it
you're like what the fuck was that right
I'm just picturing like like teenagers
like you know sinister and movies like
that paranormal activity going to see
this and just thinking it's the
stupidest thing ever
God does not spare angels when they sin
well so Jay would recommend the Lords of
Satan Salem Salem uh yeah I would I
would to a certain audience certainly
not one that wants to see a you know
Paranormal Activity movie or something
with a really engaging plot you know
when you said that
not that the Lords of Salem is the
greatest movie ever but considering how
much effort was put into the look of it
and and and the movie itself when you
said Paranormal Activity and I just
thought about how much money those
movies make in comparison to a movie
like this I literally felt ill and I
stomach kind of wanted to throw up well
I found out just a little while ago this
movie only costs like two million to
make like super low budget and it looks
like people that made it care mm-hm and
that's nice to see yeah whether or not
you like Rob Zombie or you think he's a
hack or just makes Locke the horror
movies this movie for two million
dollars looks great there's a lot more
in common with you know movies by like
Ken Russell or like I mentioned shot
arouse key like their shots that
reminded me of the holy boy a lot more
in common with filmmakers like that then
it does grease and horror movies yeah
yeah so check it out I also recommend it
yeah I would oh I would definitely
recommend it to people that have a
fetish for for ugly old fat women yeah a
lot a lot of grandmas naked in this make
it if you want to imagine your grandma
naked then this is the movie for you
it's definitely different and it was
entertaining
yeah I was entertaining made you squirm
a little made you go that's fucking
weird it's nice to see Sasquatch getting
some work too he hasn't he hasn't had
much much work in the last no no I
believe the last film he was in was
called suburban sasquatch
oh yeah the the masterpiece also
directed by Rob Zombie
Oh 911 emergency
mm-hmm try to calm down ma'am tell me
slowly what's happened what is this
hold on I've picked up some extra work
for 9-1-1 I take the overflow calls you
know when they get they get swamped okay
you know it's just some side work to
make some extra cash well if it's an
emergency you should probably get back
on the phone all right yeah I'm sorry
ma'am go ahead okay your husband is
unconscious he's he's bleeding okay
is he is he breathing okay no he's not
breathing
um well don't worry ma'am emergency
services are on their way so what
happens now do you send the ambulance
there no I usually don't do anything Oh
911 what is your emergency
what Oh no yeah yeah that's us uh-huh
well sure we could do that okay yeah
we're open tomorrow come on in anytime
okay thanks bye Jay that was someone who
wants their VCR repaired
I think we have a customer
911
