Aug 16, 2013
The Wolverine vs. X-Men Origins: Wolverine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbHxTaufDDk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/368462775057940480
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151606952612634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-wolverine-vs-x-men-origins-wolverine

Half in the bag.
Whatever happened to Meg Ryan.
oh yes who died stick it in your slot
your wet slot well yes that's what I
intend to do except why is the slot wet
I'm just there to deliver my package
what oh this is a sex phone line I'm
sorry I thought I was calling the post
office okay I'm sorry for the
misunderstanding you'll still have to
charge me $2.99 per minute all right
ma'am you have a nice day okay thanks
bye
so Jay how's your summer going oh pretty
good but you know I've been so busy here
at work I haven't had time to see too
many movies mm-hmm
did you get a chance to see we're the
Millers now what about the new hit
animated Disney Pixar film that's wholly
original called planes now what about
the new hit animated film that's wholly
original called Smurfs 2 now what about
that new matt LeBlanc film called
Elysium now what about the new hit film
two-gun now now
what about fast in the Furious part
seven now Oh what about that new now in
our dough DiCaprio film the great gets
been no but you know what I did see The
Wolverine you mean the first one
Wolverine x-men origin no no they made a
new one it came out the summer they're
made another one they did oh that's
right I just saw it I mean trying to
find you
over a year
it's an honor to meet the Wolverine
that's not who I am anymore
Wolverine or though Wolverine is the
second attempt to make a movie just
about Wolverine except for the first
three x-men movies oh snap oh no you
didn't you ain't all that and a bag of
potato chips
wasn't there a critic that said that the
first Wolverine movie was all that and a
bag of potato chips now I could go on
and on about this film because it was
indeed all that and a bag of potato
chips
in this movie Logan travels to Japan to
say goodbye to a Japanese man his
character wouldn't care less about
saying goodbye to while he's there he
discovers some kind of sinister plot
about something action happens
romance happens there's fighting and
shooting and then all is resolved at the
end when blow Wolverine throws a giant
robot off a cliff so Jay what did you
think about x-men origins The Wolverine
oh no we'll get to that too x-men
origins why we happen to have a copy of
it right here oh yeah we actually this
is actually an arbor district libraries
copy I don't know how we ended up with
it I don't recall ever going to the Ann
Arbor Library but I've done a lot of
crazy things in in drunken blackouts
yeah yeah I think I've gotten completely
wasted and ended up at the Ann Arbor
District Library and just binge bought
DVDs too well you know who always ends
up at libraries when they've had too
much to drink Rip Torn getting back on
track what did you think of The
Wolverine I actually like this movie
good all you do is like Marvel movies
and hate on DC I do yeah like you you
loved Thor and Captain America and Iron
Man 2 and you hated The Dark Knight
Rises and the Dark Knight oh is warring
even a Marvel character I don't know
these things
I don't know comic books I have no
allegiance to any particular comic book
brand but no I like the movie a lot it's
is very restrained for a summer movie
for the most part it kind of turns to
schlock at the ends but a lot of the
movie is played it's serious but not
like Christopher Nolan dark brooding
Batman serious it's kind of like a
complete 180 from the last Wolverine
movie which I just recently saw in
preparation for this discussion I never
saw it before but it's kind of like
going from Batman and Robin to Batman
Begins in a way yeah let's um let's just
cut right to the chase this review is
going to talk about the Wolverine
and x-men origins Wolverine and we're
going to compare and contrast not
because movies should be compared and
contrasted to one another it's because
the Wolverine is essentially a second
attempt at making a Wolverine feature
the first one was an origin story
obviously this one is not an origin
story so it's not really a remake or
reboot or anything like that because
obviously it stars um what's his name
Theodore Miller who is the Australian
man who's in these films everyone my
name please check out this brand-new
launch trailer from the Wolverine can
you really not remember his name I'm not
gonna tell you don't look at the Box
Hugh Jackman I just look at his face oh
Jesus Christ
obviously this one star suit Jackman in
both so it's the same character it's not
like the the Mark Ruffalo switcheroo
x-men origins is still canon I assume I
there there's things that don't coincide
with the other movies exactly timeline
timeline wise yeah but we're gonna
compare these two and critically and
overwhelmingly I think people like this
new one a lot better people don't seem
to like x-men origins Wolverine but I'm
in the minority in that so I I will um I
will take the counter position but as
far as the Wolverine goes I'm on the
fence on it mmm I I thought it was a
well made movie very straightforward on
the first action scene in it is like a
shootout at a funeral and it's pretty
simple the only part where it turns
floppy is when they're riding on the
high speed train but even that yeah I
guess we should say there's a sequence
certainly after that shootout where yeah
it's Wolverine another guy fighting on
top of a bullet train
but even that it wasn't like I was
thinking of the The Matrix Reloaded when
they're jumping around and flipping
everywhere on top of the semi and and
this one it's there's more of a logic to
it
like he's Wolverine a lot of time he's
just sitting on top of the Train like
waiting for the right moment there's
more of a strategy to it it's not just
crazy flipping around and jumping and
shooting I I found myself not caring all
that much about what was happening
on-screen and and so I wasn't pulled
into the movie technically fine
you know performance wise but it's like
and I think this film was based on a
series of comic books like it wasn't
just a script that someone wrote right
it's based on an actual story from yeah
and when I saw the trailer like I always
think in terms of marketing and and like
a committee around a table and and
people can say that we're wrong about
this and they'll say it was in the comic
book or whatever but I see Wolverine and
a 10 foot tall robotic samurai warrior
and he's fighting them and I'm like okay
robot Iron Man series has been
successful we have to shove that in here
well and that's kind of where my brain
goes well that's what that ending felt
like with the giant samurai robot
monster thing it reminded me of the end
of Iron Man 1 or it's like in this the
the the samurai thing is made out of
adamantium right and so it's like the
end of Iron Man oh now Iron Man has to
fight a bigger Iron Man now Wolverine
has to fight a bigger adamantium monster
your grandfather called me a ronin
samurai wanna master
Qwest no reason Allah
was he right
I don't know I guess we'll get into
spoilers here if you haven't seen the
movie by now it's been out for like four
weeks so you know that's your own
problem but you know the old old
Japanese man I see this is where like
I'm watching this movie and it's a
simple movie made for children about a
superhero it's not you know and I'm
sitting there watching it I'm like I
don't understand what's happening
and maybe that's just me but the old man
he wants Wolverines powers I guess to to
turn himself younger and heal himself
right because he's on his deathbed um
and then uh the January Jones character
she her name's Viper I think because
venom is a different character her name
is Viper she's a she's a lizard lady and
she also can steal your powers I guess
kind of like rogue and she she sucks an
orange glow into his mouth and it's like
ah and he's a guy then after that he
loses his ability to heal and then later
on we discover that the real reason he
lost his ability to heal was because
there was like a matrix spider thing
attached to his heart and then later we
discovered that the old man lives inside
of the robotic samurai suit I guess to
keep him alive
he's until he could get to Wolverine yes
and then he in order to steal Wolverines
powers he had three drills conveniently
placed on the robot Samurai that drilled
into Wolverine's claw holes and that
sucked his power out of his claw hole
there's something oddly sexual in that
imagery - yeah and so it's like okay
well Wolverines power natural mutant
abilities is rapid healing and he also
can grow bone claws out of his hands the
adamantium is not as natural power he
gets that in a science experiment which
is which is shown in this film
as well as in x-men - also an x-men
x-men origins Wolverine is the reboot of
x-men part 2 so Wolverine gets his bones
covered in adamantium and that makes his
rickety bone claws turn into razor-sharp
claws for summer somehow I don't know
how but um so so the old man lives
inside of a suit which happens to look
like a samurai it couldn't have just
been a like a suit it had to been a
samurai suit made of adamantium for some
reason he didn't want to cover his own
bones with adamantium he just wanted to
live inside of an adamantium suit I
because he thought it was gonna be
temporary but why build a suit I haven't
made out of adamantium unless he was
expecting to fight the Wolverine but
anyways the suit is equipped with three
drills that are meant to drill into
Wolverines and claw holes to seal his
power I thought the other girl stole his
power by sucking orange glows into his
mouth but instead but maybe that orange
glow was a way of shooting the robot
into his heart that's what I took yeah
as happening so really the old man he
just wanted to be have immortality and
he just wanted Logans healing abilities
so what is the adamantium have anything
to do with anything
x-men Snicket
what they did to me what I am can't be
undone
Wolverine goes over there right and he
wants to help the old man or wants to
say goodbye to him right that's fine and
then he kind of falls for his
granddaughter and the only reason he
falls for is because she was mistreated
and then she runs away yes and then they
immediately care about each other and
then he immediately cares about her
instead of just going to fuck this and
going home yeah that's a Wolverine we've
done but he's running after her and he's
trying to protect her and then um and
then this like they fall in love and and
I I just I just don't I don't get his
motivation I don't care really about
this whole little adventure so it's yeah
I liked the I liked the setting I liked
the action and sparse use of action and
that's the stuff I really liked and I
like Hugh Jackman is is Wolverine
so for me that's what carried the movie
some movies you get hung up on it some
movies are about the plot this really
wasn't no but it wasn't about anything
else either
there's about Wolverine that's a thing
and that and that's that's where I like
x-men origins better oh my god a little
introduction on x-men origin this is
this is this might be I don't know this
is this is just a terrible film spoilers
it's crap I don't know what happened
after Bryan Singer departed you have you
have the original x-men trilogy right
x-men one is is is a fine little film
it's what kicked off the superhero
movies 99 that's how old it is yeah it's
almost 20 fucking years old holy shit um
the x-men the first x-men movie little
cheap low-budget thing the most exciting
thing that happens is is Wolverine
fights Sabretooth on top of the Statue
of Liberty and then the someone is tied
up somewhere it's so cheap but it's like
okay this is good the second one and and
so it's almost it's very comparable to
the Star Wars trilogy I'm sure you got
the first one a little low budget that
low budget comparatively speaking but a
little smaller budget action movie it
does well it sets the stage x-men 2 is
the umpire strike
back of that series it's it's very well
done it's it's classy its restrained its
it's elegant it's it's exciting it's
it's the best of the three the third
film not so good it has all the action
you could possibly want with a mutant
action movie but it's The Return of the
Jedi of the three it's trying to throw
too many things in there yeah and the
characters get lost in the shuffle
character motivations get lost in the
shovel and that's when they got the
rented director Brett rapper oh good old
Bret red yeah cuz Brian singer wanted to
go off and make an even worse movie
called Superman Returns and he took
Cyclops with them so then after that
everything went downhill these movies
started to have the production value of
like a television show this movie and
whatever x-men first class yeah the some
of the visual effects in these movies
are shockingly bad I had not seen x-men
origins Wolverine until preparing this
discussion and I was amazed I I would
say I liked this movie too in the sense
that I thought it was terrible and
amusing the effects in this are just
awful there's a CG Patrick Stewart that
shows up and then all the little mutants
run towards him and the shot of them
running away from the camera is just the
worst thing I've seen in a major release
and yeah and then he his mouth moves
andele and it looks like mr. clean yeah
like it's a whoa it's so bad looking and
then there's also the the famous claw
scene this was shocking to the scene in
the bathroom his claws come out and it
looks like Who Framed Roger Rabbit
right yeah there's one shot where the
claws come out which is like okay that's
a computer graphic that needs to be
because they're not gonna come out that
fast with a physical prop but then the
next couple of shots are him just kind
of standing there holding them it's like
don't you have the prop ones and they're
even in frame like how hard would it be
just to get a physical prop and put it
in frame but they and they and it looks
like Who Framed Roger Rabbit and then
the I think the worst shot in the movie
is
gambits goes up on a fire escape and
Logan's oh yeah and then it's like a
Looney Tunes yeah it's like a little bit
like he's chopping at the at the ladder
and it's like cutting apart he's a good
good dude
it's awful um and then of course um
will.i.am is a character in this for
some reason I'm pretty sure they cast
will.i.am because of his great acting
abilities we let it alone con Logan he's
just fantastic in that Maria this is
special place inhale for the things we
did he had to change his name to will I
act after this
compare these to an entertainment value
Jam okay begin
uh well it's this movie is entertaining
in the bad movie sense the laughing at
the cheap effects and the bad acting and
the Wolverine is more entertaining as a
real movie even if the script isn't the
greatest
I liked the action in it a lot more than
the action in those yeah well I'm not
speaking of the script in terms of Wow
like why did this character do this this
doesn't make sense I think I just I was
just a little disinterested in the
Wolverine because it was just it was
mainly motivation it's like what's
happening and why and this it's like
okay Wolverine he joins a band of
mercenaries doing some illegal things in
the beginning he kind of learns of his
morality there he goes into hiding he
falls in love with this lady and then
there's this like rivalry with him and
Sabretooth and then it's like they go
they go to New Orleans they go here and
there's a lot more mutant characters in
it
there's more variety and I get his
motivation in this a lot more it's it's
very clear you know it's revenge based
but then there's a little more going on
possibly the worst executed movie now I
thought every single aspect that this
film was just incredible I give this
movie an A+ well they're going for two
completely different things this is
going for over-the-top action comic-book
ii you know goofiness and the other one
seems to be more of a it fails in some
respects because you mentioned the lack
of understanding the motivation of the
character but it really seems to be
going for a stripped down sort of
simplistic I like how simple the story
is that it's just Wolverine he goes to
Japan these things happen to him the end
it's not like a globe-trotting adventure
or anything like that no but I would
like that I would like that if the plot
was a little more complicated I've
always wanted to see like I think it was
after the Batman movie started up um
where it was like you know Tim Burton's
first Batman movie and then it's like
once like George Clooney and
what's-his-face took over Val Kilmer and
it's like I can't we just have like a
good Batman story so it always becomes
villain of the week like he's got a
fight though and and like I want to see
Batman dealing with like seedy
underworld of crime and corruption
without a giant robot at the end well
that's what makes x-men 2 so great yeah
that movie it's not about some sort of
big villain they have to fight at the
end it's just about these two sort of
opposing ideologies so you have the two
main characters that have different
views on everything and that's where the
drama and the tension comes from when
they said something about the Japanese
gang Yong Yamoto yeah hero
yeah ku Yakuza Yakuza because the thing
that's very insensitive it is it yeah
this is the the Japanese crime lords
Odie's well even better like when they
mentioned Yakuza like the Japanese
underworld crime lords or whatever it's
like oh cool super intricate plot about
betrayal and murder in bed and that's
just as a guy once again a robot suit
now that's the problem that was a
problem yes you're gonna make a movie
about
Wolverine going to Japan getting
entangled with the Japanese underworld
make it cool
for two extremes this one ends with
Wolverine and Sabretooth fighting
Deadpool back it back but anyway they
fight them and they're fighting them on
top of a tower of a nuclear reactor yeah
and it's like they don't end up there
Wolverine just goes up there yeah they
just gotta do it he's clotting like what
does he do even because he goes let's
see if you could fight me up here let's
up here like why'd you go up there you
have the horrible disadvantage like you
know this guy could disappear to
reappear in places don't don't go up
there just fight them out in the open
but it's but it's like it's like that
silliness I liked if it wasn't the bad
visual effects is what makes this movie
just kind of look dumb and corny yeah in
both origins and the Wolverine he
doesn't say a lot of smartass things he
doesn't really have anyone to play off
that sort of sarcastic quality that he
has as part of an ensemble which is what
makes him better in those x-men movies
that that's my biggest problem is that I
don't mind watching a singular Wolverine
adventure but Wolverine is when he's
forced to work with a team especially
one that Cyclops is in charge of right
uh Wolverine is the outcast he's the
standalone he's the guy that does things
by himself he says bub fuck you I'm
gonna go up and do this so when the
movie revolves around him it makes him a
little less interesting because he has
to make those heroic character choices
that that he wouldn't normally do yes so
there's no there's no interplay there's
no tension there's no butting heads
it's just Wolverine let's talk about the
best part of the Wolverine it was not in
the film
oh yeah the post-credits scene was far
more exciting than anything in the movie
spoilers Wolverine is leaving Japan in
the airport and all the metal objects
start floating around and you know what
that means this is when you get
goosebumps yeah the magneto is there
they pulled him out of hospital I think
and propped him up on something so Sir
Ian McKellen I have a ripe old age 112
is back as magneto and and then he's
like Oh Logan I see you're at the
airport and he's like you know he's
holding Wolverine in place cuz he can
holds a adamantium in place and then
Wolverine says what do you want bub and
then all the people freeze and you're
just like oh no we know what that means
oh snap
it's Professor X and then Patrick
Stewart's back is Professor X somehow
he's actually in a wheelchair in real
life now yeah now he's not a
computer-generated character but
Wolverine rightfully asks how is this
possible
you were turned into fucking dust and
then he says don't worry about it
well let me ask you this why was that
scene far more exciting than anything
else in the Wolverine is it because
those two characters are way more
interesting than the Wolverine yes okay
Wolverine is is a piece of a larger
puzzle it's like the Boba Fett movie
yeah you know I will Breen is a little
more interesting than Boba Fett
obviously but he's that cool character
that it should be used here and there as
you know and then when you get too much
into him it kind of ruins the the
mystique of him not an x-men pun um so
so it's like okay I'm done with
Wolverine yes he's a tormented character
yes he has nightmares he ah done done
I'm more interested in learning more
about Cyclops
all three x-men films are about
Wolverine he has two singular films now
Bryan Singer's back he failed at making
a Superman film now he's back to make
x-men Days of Future past which is a
comic book series based on an alternate
future it's gonna be exciting as long as
the whole movie isn't just about
Wolverine again yeah yeah which it will
be so J which movie is the best of the
worst well this movie is the worst it
was entertaining and how bad it was but
as far as the real movie goes I enjoyed
the Wolverine more I don't need to see
any more Wolverine movies certainly but
if you want to see a more
straightforward serious representation
of the Wolverine Wolverine ghost to
Japan then that's what the new over een
is until it turns to garbage at the end
I want to see Wolverine goes to Jamaica
they're gonna plan a Beetlejuice sequel
where Beetlejuice goes to Hawaii so
x-men origins Wolverine versus the x-men
vs. the Wolverine what are these movies
not to repeat myself too much but I got
to go with apples and oranges here um it
depends on what you're looking for this
has a little more visual variety a lot
more characters that that that we all
know and love there's a cameo by young
Cyclops a cartoon Professor Xavier shows
up and you see I think you see what's
her face the January Jones Kara I think
the other white queen is in this even
though it doesn't line up with the
timeline of first class doesn't doesn't
but um the the blob the gambit which is
which is a whole nother series that they
could exploit for cash sure why not
gambit is a pretty popular character I
don't know if they'll get a Taylor
Kitsch to be him again the guy who plays
gambit in this is the guy who was in
such films as John Carter of Mars and
battleship so his career is over but you
know you see him in this and that's sort
of a draw for comic book fans to Lots is
it a draw flee ruin these characters
though I don't think the gambit
characters ruined it is silly that he
shows up at the end with the little
airplane it saves the day I don't know
he drank he flies Wolverine to to the
location by with an airplane he just
happens to have yes and then a little
cartoon Wolverine falls out of the plane
and tumbles across the water
there are real tough choices Jay the
real tough choices I might have to go
with this thought Wow no wonder the Ann
Arbor District Library didn't want their
DVD back actually I checked it out six
years ago hello I a white and late fees
Buddha buddy Samurai sayonara
so what's social injustice do you think
the new x-men movie will be an analogy
for hmm the the we are the 99%
hmm gay marriage possibly sure gun
control mmm that's a good one yeah
abortion well whatever it is I'm sure
they'll handle it in the most
heavy-handed ham-fisted way possible I'm
sure it will be
Oh lightning-fast VCR repair we take
forever to fix your VCR how can I help
you I see I see thank you
and was that those mr. fling kid and
you'll never guess where he's at
