Feb 7, 2013
Warm Bodies and Movie 43
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9IE_B3VK1mQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbEM-oZyGo8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cK18KJciHlU&t=34m33s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PjVjVc14k4&t=28m22s
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/298808739304177664
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/299516189028274176
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151291714117634
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/490169864372828
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/red-letter-media-reviews-movie-43

Half in the bag.
Fuck movies.
oh oh hey
Jay did you like open a window or
something fucking cold draft oh no
that's just the ghost girl Wow why is
she so cold because he's dead
well why is she even still here I fired
her weeks ago she was turning away all
the customers well you see the thing is
we're actually kind of dating now Wow
you're dating a ghost sure why not she's
cheap Dave she doesn't eat much the only
downside is that the sex isn't very good
I don't get a lot out of it it's kind of
like fucking a Kardashian
well I guess I'm okay with this as long
as she doesn't become the Yoko Ono of
this VCR repair shop if you know what I
mean
Yoko Ono mm-hmm why would you
automatically jump to that conclusion
what are you so I'm gonna dumb
thirteen-year-old you know speaking of
dumb 13-year olds have you seen warm
bodies
what am I doing with my life I just want
to connect why can't I connect with
people all right it's cuz I'm dead I
wish I could introduce myself but I
don't remember my name I think it
started with an R that's all I have left
it's kind of a bummer I shouldn't be so
hard on myself I mean we're all dead
this is my best friend we even have
almost conversations sometimes warm
bodies is the story of a teenage girl
falling in love with a teenage boy in
the post apocalypse the catch he's a
fucking zombie the film stars not
Kristen Stewart as the girl and not
Robert Pattinson as the zombie
throughout the course of the story it is
discovered that the zombie plague can be
cured by the magical healing power of
love which is basically the stupidest
thing ever
Mike what did you think of warm bodies
well Jay warm bodies was lukewarm did
warm bodies leave you cold it warmed the
cockles of my cock mmm no this this
movie comes from the the what are we got
files the the I'm introducing a new
segment on half in the back the
Hollywood what do we got files which is
basically you know something X Y and Z's
popular and Hollywood goes what do we
got that's like this someone dig around
in the teen drama section of the
bookstore and it kind of like completely
benign entertainment and devoid of all
life ironically although I didn't think
it was a completely bad movie yet no
well did the obvious comparison is
twilights that's you know a teen girl
falls in love with a with a vampire and
the teen girl falls in love with a
zombie this movie is infinitely better
made oh yeah that's it's it's a better
made movie with an even stupider premise
yeah the the movie itself is made very
well it was
directed by the guy who did fifty-fifty
which is a pretty good film about cancer
it's the funniest movie about cancer
I've ever seen yeah yeah it's a it's a
good movie and shot well this movie shot
well it's lit well looks really nice it
doesn't look cheap like Twilight looks
like a made-for-tv movie yeah but um
you're right Jay it was very twilight
asked um and that's the most recent
comparison but it isn't a pretty basic
age-old story there were obvious Romeo
and Juliet comparisons there what are
you talking about there's a scene where
Jules earning orange ooh Julie Julie um
she's on the balcony and his name's are
he can't he can't remember the person
but obviously it's a Romeo Juliet type
thing he's from the the other clan she's
from this clan and it you know we'd
star-cross'd lovers yeah blah blah blah
blah blah that's what it was um except
the twist is if you can call it a twist
now in in today's horribly cynical
rehashed everything's been done age the
twist is that he's a zombie instead of a
vampire this time and someone found that
book and said look there's a book with
teenage star crossed lovers where one
guy is a zombie and then love in love
and things and teenage girls and money
this movie even casts actors that look
just like Kristen Stewart and Robert
Pattinson and the leads pretty sure that
wasn't unintentional um definitely a
better actress than Kristen Stewart
although that's not saying much
um I
oh poor Kristen Stewart
she tries does she though she no well
there's also a movie that came out
called beastly or
it's like Beauty and the Beast but with
teenagers and it looks just like
Twilight so so this movie falls pretty
much right in line with those it's more
watchable than Twilight but I don't know
I mean I guess there's a target audience
for this movie and there's certainly an
audience that will probably enjoy it but
I I certainly ain't it
they call these guys bony they'll eat
anything with a heartbeat I mean I will
too but at least I'm conflicted about it
nice watch I don't want to give it the
high praise of saying it took a
different twist on the zombie genre but
I'll gladly take a movie like this over
on the the later Romero movies that all
have been sucking yeah that's true and
it's just like okay here we go running
around and and I'm not a big Sambi guy I
mean I liked the old Romero movies
I'm Dawn of the Dead Day of the Dead
those are great movies I'm like that's
all I need yeah there's nothing that
makes it really a zombie movie in the
traditional sense and I was thinking
about that while watching it because
again with Twilight I'm picturing people
like there's probably people out there
that are really into vampires I'm
assuming low guy or literature certain
movies and like classic vampire stuff
and I'm picturing someone that's really
into that stuff going to see Twilight
and being like what the vampires Sparkle
now like what is this stupid crap and
I'm picturing like and I am a fan of the
older Romero zombie movies and some
recent zombie movies overall I think the
zombie movies are pretty played out
zombies in general are played out but I
was watching this movie and I was like
you can stop being dead thinks this is a
magical power of love like and I get
that that's just sort of the the
framework to hang this love story on
it's like it's a love story but he's a
zombie it's like I get that but at the
same time no one that's interested in
zombie movies is gonna get anything out
of this right even like oh that's a
clever twist on zombie movies now Shaun
of the Dead was a clever twist on zombie
movies well the Shaun of the Dead was
playing up the zombie the cliches and
making humour out of it this doesn't do
that um and you're right like it is
silly that love can cure zombie-ism but
each zombie movie has its own set of
rules about what is and what isn't like
even the the character the main
character I guess we should get into the
premise a little um there's like a
teenaged guy character who's like emo
rocker guy with a hoodie he's got his
hoodie and his vinyl collection yes
emo hipster zombies the emo hipster
zombie and he's wandering around but
there's um there's a narration going on
in his head to kind of tell you what's
happening and he he right off the bat he
goes ass it could have been a disease or
plague war something that caused this
thing but don't worry about it
and so and then it establishes that like
it doesn't have to be traditional
zombies you know it's some sort of
disease and maybe that makes them dead
and they can come back to life with
something but it's it's that's not the
point of it I'm not quite sure what the
point of it it was other than just a
retelling of Romeo and Juliet
more so than Twilight um because the the
obvious scene the balcony scene and I
bet you they thought they were clever I
ever thought it was more based on the
the popularity of Twilight but to make
it did since I got to give it a classier
feel they're like oh oh reference Romeo
and Julia yeah in the most obvious
ham-fisted way well Romeo and Juliet was
the - the Capulets and the Montagues and
they were like warring families and they
hated each other and and and that those
two came together and obviously Romeo
and Juliet did not end well the spoilers
this does oh boy lers Jesus Christ as a
play written 700 years ago spoilers so
there was that and then there was like a
slightly more ambiguous message about
like xenophobia and people not liking
other people and learning to like we
have to understand these people that we
hate it's almost like a it's like a very
very subtle racism kind of message at
the end I'm sure studying it's just a
message about generally being nicer to
other yeah it was like you got to let
your guard down sometimes and I'm trying
to pull something out of this other than
nothing yeah and not that there was any
intention to have a greater message but
there may have oh Italy just it's vague
but yeah love story you know at least
it's something yeah as opposed to
Twilight
dad too much there were some issues that
I had if we're even going to take the
time to analyze the script sure let's
pretend this as a movie okay um they
seem to create a villain where there
wasn't one or didn't need to be one
because the the the conflict was should
have been more so John Malkovich plays
the leader of the human resistance who
happens to be the father of the girl and
of course his there's a little backstory
where his wife got eaten by zombies so
he has this vengeance kind of thing he's
very militaristic he runs the army and
he hates the zombies so the conflict
really is the girl trying to convince
the dad that the zombies can change and
that that's in there but it's in there
just a little bit yeah and and to add
tension and stuff throughout the whole
movie they create like a villain like a
subclass or subcategory as a zombie or
like going through your daily routines
like as a zombie you become an evil
undead skeleton thing called a bones II
bones ease oh no look out here come the
bones ease bones II bones ease I will
gladly pay you tomorrow for a bones II
today that doesn't even make sense
no bones ease are them they sort of
don't like the zombies but then that
then the some this this plot develops
where the our main zombie his name is
our he falls in love with the blonde
girl her name is Julie and he wants to
kind of protect her and stuff like that
and then for some reason the bones he's
don't like that and I don't know why
that was weird when they have a line
like one of the the rob corddry zombies
like the bone diseases are coming to get
you yeah like what the fuck do they care
they're mindless walking corpse that's
the thing is yeah they're more probably
more mindless than the zombies they
would have to be that's the whole point
is that the regular zombies
have that ability to become human yeah
so the fact that the bones he's
kind of saw that our was was helping
Julie or taking care of her trying to
form some sort of alliance with the
humans or whatever like that that
denotes intelligence of some kind that
the bones either these guys do and
they're gonna do this thing we better go
chase after them I was like why are
these things intelligent it you know
should you spend like they get trapped
in a place and the bones you just try to
eat them then they escape but they
become like the antagonists in the story
when really it should have been the John
Malkovich character more so yeah and I
was glad that he wasn't comical bad you
know it kind of reminded me of like like
John with Jonathan Lithgow and Footloose
it's like the preacher father like you
jus can't dance like a character like
that you know the disapproving Christian
father and the girl wants to dance maybe
he's not too overly he's it's not too
over-the-top and it's sort of like yeah
he has his logic obviously he's trying
to preserve the human race and it's very
paranoid about stuff but um it's sort of
just like okay I almost I almost wish he
was more over the top yeah I almost wish
he was more over the top and I wish this
movie was worse because it would have
gotten more entertainer
David value out of it yeah it just
needed a stronger um
dramatic arc it needed a stronger um
plot yeah I get this is like the whole
movie is given away in the trailer yeah
girl meets zombie zombie starts to feel
human again and eventually the he's
gonna be cured of zombie-ism by love
yeah
okay I got it this is of course infected
with the plague
it is uncaring
unfeeling even capable of er Morse I
don't understand but he's changing and
he feels and he's learning to be human
again oh my gosh yeah so I would say
though Jay if someone were to write and
make a teenage romance drama with
zombies this is a pretty good job at
doing that what are they gonna do next
when is a girl a teenage girl gonna fall
in love with a mummy uh wanna see I want
to see the the teen love mummy movie the
abominable snowman oh man there needs to
be an abominable snowman love story he's
the new kid in high school and everyone
picks on him because he's an albino I
guess you could do the same thing with
the Sasquatch or maybe because you have
to have the the rivals in the movie the
Sasquatch would be like the bad guy oh
sure and the the abdominal snowman would
be the good guy yeah something like that
take the general Twilight premise yeah
what about a girl that falls in love
with a horse oh I watched that movie
yesterday
how'd you die how old are you
because you could be twenty-something
but you could also be a teenager you
know you have another's faces
said beer in a glass yeah where'd you
get that oh I came up with a really
great idea check it out
did you fill the water cooler with beer
yes Mike we've come up with some pretty
crazy Harebrained Schemes over the years
but this is definitely one of them
Cera's here's something I want to ask
you there's something I'd like to ask
you how about we say it at the same time
one two will you poop on me
what how's your HP piece your HP v
Veronica I'm just carrying it
truth or dare yeah see that blonde kid
over there I dare you to blow out his
candles before he gets a chance to the
next film that we watched is called
movie 43 ah it's the 43rd movie in a
series of movies on it has a all-star
cast Halle Berry Halle Berry or are you
Jackman Jackman a bunch other stars and
basically the movie is it's a comedy I
think I don't remember what the premises
do you remember Jay oh there there was
you know some scenes with the actors and
they get into these situations and it
was just so hilarious let me let me tell
you Jay I loved every minute of this
movie who ever knew that Halle Berry had
such a such comedic chops I I saw her in
a different comedy film that she did
which was just hysterical is called
Catwoman hmm my favorite scene in the
movie is when that totally outrageous
thing happened yeah and everyone in the
audience was like oh I can't believe
they showed that there was that scene
where they had the fancy dinner party
and the Hugh Jackman comes home he's
like I got the I got the meat you know
and the wife had just taken the dog out
to the dog dog run and she came back
with the stinky bag of doggie poop yeah
and they put them on the counter and
then
then he was reaching over he's like
honey I'm working on that and he doesn't
look to where he's reaching to and he
grabs the the doggie bag and he goes oh
this meat you know and she goes it's
it's an exotic meat you know that's why
I might have a little odor to it they
set it up ahead of time sure yeah you
gotta have your setup in your payoff in
a comedy so he puts it on the pan and he
starts grilling it and they have a
close-up you're Everett's laugh and
everyone's leaders like oh no no no no
and then yeah and then she comes in
shoes oh yeah that that does have quite
the odor to it doesn't it ah Hugh
Jackman and he's like yeah and so they
serve it and then and then the whole
family's there and it's like this big
dinner and they bring it out and
everyone's just laughing hysterically
and then they're cutting in there like
quite the flavor and then they cut to
Grandma and she says can I have seconds
because she's just enjoying it so much
not realizing that it was dogshit the
entire time
rise caught you a leprechaun I'm gonna
cut up your bogs and beat him here Oh
God Jesus Oh in the balls let me tell
you my favorite scene in this movie was
the the sequence where Liev Schreiber
was trying to have an affair he's trying
to cheat on his wife with Anna Faris and
so they go and they you know they check
into the hotel and then he's like oh
I'll meet you up there I'll meet you up
there and then he goes up to the room
and the lights are off he's like oh why
why are the lights off in this room I
can't see anything are you on the bed
and I guess on the bed and he starts
fucking and then Anna Faris comes in and
she flips on the lights and it's the
maze he was fucking the fat maid she was
so fast she was Mexican - yeah it's
funny on multiple levels and she goes
don't you want to put it back in my taco
and oh god aye-aye-aye laughs yeah and
then that mariachi band came in the room
and it was like crazy cuz mariachi bands
are just come out of nowhere like they
man to it that's what makes it funny
yeah right right right hip yeah that's
what makes it funny it's the connection
it's because she she well for one fat
people no one wants to fuck a fat person
and she was fat and Mexican yeah and
then she says put put it back in my taco
mhm
you know like her her pussy is a taco
and then a mariachi band comes in and
and that's traditionally traditionally
mariachi bands are associated with
Hispanics Latinos Latino American sir
and and and really it's it's it's when
the writer sits down and he makes those
connections he says this big fat bitch
is Mexican and she she Mexicans eat
tacos lap tacos and and they they also
have mariachi bands and and you know you
when you write you make those
connections you know the more you
explain the details of it the more I
appreciate how much thought went into
the writing of yes fred is bleeding out
of her vagina frozen pieces but did you
like the scene where Richard Gere put a
gerbil up Emma Stone's ass I did because
it's a play on the fact that Emma Stone
looks like a gerbil
she she totally does but I was actually
thinking of it in a different context
the the notorious rumor that Richard
Gere
likes to have pet gerbils
he has yeah you know he has a pet gerbil
I I didn't even know
Wow and then there is an extra layer to
the movie yeah do you remember the
gerbil actually talked in the movie had
subtitles and made squeaking son oh yeah
yeah Richard Gere brings a ham a stone
over and you know they had a romantic
date he's like have a seat you know I'm
gonna go freshen up in the bathroom of
course when he goes in the bathroom he
had to go number two I appreciate the
fact that they let that scene go on for
25 that was hysterical but Emma Stone is
waiting you know and she's you know
she's she's being very very polite and
you know you could hear him well cuz
whenever you go poop it's constant
farting sounds and and she's she's
sitting there and she's waiting and you
see the gerbil and the dribbles like
what a hot babe you know like whoo
someone's someone's getting lucky
tonight
and the gerbil is a male dribble and
then they show its little legs and in
between the legs this little gerbil
erection comes out and then Emma Stone's
like she's looking around and then she
sees in shoes and then get this they
start playing it's good oh no way I was
always from that era I recognize that
song they play it a lot in movies um -
what you know a joke like let's get it
on but this one used it to the nine
perfect
and so she looks around you know Richard
is still in the bathroom and she takes
the gerbil out and then and then they
then they cuts to them in a bed like
satin sheets and and then she's she's
just jerking the gerbil on and then it
starts coming just everywhere and it's
it's like wow gerbil would not have that
much semen and that's that's just so
funny it gets all over everything and
then the Mexican made from earlier comes
in and it gets on her and she goes I
deal with me oh so it was like a
callback and then Richard Gere comes out
of the bathroom and just that's a big
one
that's so you know I mean the movies
fucking hysterical and then he goes he
goes mr. mr. tinkles
how dare you cheat on me Oh
sucked off the hobo for magic being he
was mr. so Jay would you recommend movie
43 absolutely if you love to laugh yeah
if you love comedy yeah Jay if you love
comedy and that's the thing really like
a lot of critics have been kind of
panning this movie saying like it's
lowbrow or whatever I mean you go to a
movie to have a good time you go to a
movie to laugh at things are funny like
people eating dog food and you know so
some apartment or fat people jokes or
gay jokes or whatever is funny you know
is especially when it's happening to a
celebrity yeah it's like I can't believe
that Kate Winslet just shove that in her
ass you know and then that's the funny
part yeah well there's that scene that
they go on a cruise ship in one bit and
Kate Winslet goes up to the front of the
boat kind of doing the Titanic they know
of our drummer and then um and then she
had just eaten a bunch of clams earlier
and she's and then you hear like some a
country and then it pushes her off the
boat oh man and I was just like the fart
knocked her off the bow of the ship like
that wouldn't have happened in Titanic
and then that parody song came on said
my farts will go on yeah yeah yeah so
yeah a lot of uh critics have been
pooh-poohing this movie and you know all
those people just need to get the stick
out of their ass
yeah and they need to go to a theater
and you know yeah get a bunch of friends
with them and just you know what just
lat I would say yeah I would recommend
it maybe leave before the last ten
minutes because it is a sketch film so
obviously there's lots of different
little scenarios throughout the movie
and I thought it was a really odd note
to end the movie on just ten minutes of
news footage of 9/11
hydrocodones
vicodins Viko dones oxycontin's
oxymorphone Mike this beer is warm
what well how was warm I put it in the
water cooler I don't think the tank that
stores the liquids keeps things cool you
Mook huh you're right huh I did not
think this one through Jay how are we
expected to impress our classy high-end
clients if we have to serve them warm
beer from our beer cooler I don't know
this is quite the pickle oh fuck
oh that's a damn ghost girl yeah you
know she is fucking freezing cold
wait a minute Jay I may have just
thought of the perfect idea to keep our
beer cold
