May 13, 2013
Extras: More Iron Man 3 Talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7oZ8ZBIyvM
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/334015587489574914
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151446912572634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-extras-more-iron-man-3-talk

Half in the Bag.
and that's the thing too
is like a lot of these movies you can't
really say they're bad but there's just
nothing engaging about them they are
adaptations of the material here's the
Hulk movie mm here's the Thor movie yeah
and there's a it doesn't have that sort
of spark and and the Iron Man movies
have that with Robert Downey jr. is
character and just the way all the
characters sort of play off each other
and interact yeah well I think like Thor
the Hulk even the recent spider-man
movie I'll kind of fall into the
mediocre territory because they don't
push the material in either direction
Iron Man takes it in a different
direction it makes the main character
kind of witty sarcastic fun it's um it's
got the action you want it's it's got a
lot of humor too which really helps
people stay engaged but like you could
take it in that direction and it works
you take another direction like Dark
Knight take it serious dark brooding and
it works in that that direction too it's
when you fall in the middle that's when
everything flatlines light it like a
spider-man or Thor if there's anything
that shouts excitement originality witty
it's it's a it's Natalie Portman and
Chris Hemsworth Wow
what charisma but Robert Downey jr. a
whore fucking coke addict amazing what
do you think Robert Downey jr. was
thinking when he was shooting scenes for
the Avengers where it's like him and
Chris Hemsworth well another thing too
is that Robert Downey jr. there's almost
no difference between him and real-life
and Tony Stark it seems to have
developed that way I ever thought of
Robert Downey jr. as that until the
first Iron Man movie and it seems like
he's sort of in real life morphed into
that character yeah and that that's what
makes it fun too because it kind of it
just feels like him on screen yeah it
almost feels like the audience is in on
the joke and that's that's what makes
the Iron Man movie
is unique you don't feel like you're
part of anything when you watch the Thor
movie yeah just feel like you're
watching a movie so Jay do you think
Robert Downey jr. will return as Iron
Man III think they would be making a
huge mistake to not have him continue
they'll have to pay out the ass I think
at this point I I don't know I would
guess he had some sort of a
three-picture deal
The Avengers wasn't included he made a
hundred billion dollars for being in the
Avengers so I don't know these movies
make a shitload of money so I can't
imagine watching an Iron Man movie
without him in that role
yeah I'm assuming for Avengers 2 or Iron
Man 4 there probably has to be some kind
of renegotiation and Robert Downey jr.
has them by the balls
yes I say if that's the case I don't
know the intricacies of the contracts
but I know I read that he made like 50
million dollars in royalties from the
Avengers yeah due to some sort of
loophole in the contract and and he's
just laughing all the way to the back he
knows that he's the big draw it's not
Mark Ruffalo or Jeremy Jeremy Renner
yeah mmm fine actors great actors but
they're not draw yeah no Scarlett
Johansson you know is a draw how so well
speaking of the Avengers of course the
Avengers was a huge movie and it's all
these characters what I another thing I
really liked about this movie is that it
was just a simple smaller Iron Man story
well there's references to the events of
the Avengers but it's not like they
didn't feel like oh we have to top the
Avengers now with this movie it's they
were smart enough to scale it back and
just make it a story about Tony Stark
yeah another quick thing to mention too
what makes the Iron Man Tony Stark
character work too is his vulnerability
this one they kind of they add that that
vulnerability in in the form of his
anxiety panic attacks him getting
stressed out and and so there's always
like an element like that that keeps
cropping up which is an element that you
cannot give to for right the god of
thunder Thor is like the most boring
character yeah we keep referencing him
but or even arrow man or Black Widow
Black Widow is like I'm the most badass
secret agent ever just shows no like
humanity the The Hulk
I guess Bruce banners nervous he's going
to turn into the Hulk but there's not
much there Iron Man is he's this some
egomaniac but on the inside he's really
vulnerable to stuff as well and that
gives him duality and his character and
and that's what interests me as a
superhero you have to you have to you
have to knock that superhero down a peg
in order to bring them back up at the
end it's just basic drama that's
actually something I was worried about
with this movie when I saw the early
trailers like the teasers and stuff they
made it look like it was gonna be the
dark chapter the trailers were super
serious and you see everything falling
apart I was like oh no it's gonna get
too dark like what I like about these
movies is the sort of light-hearted tone
of it and it turned out to be the
funniest one also kudos to Shane black
for casting uh William Sadler as the
president yeah and Miguel Ferrara is the
vice president good old William Sadler
you don't know who William Sadler is
it's Jays favorite actor Jay enjoyed his
performance as the naked Taekwondo
expert in die hard to Jay's favorite
scenes I actually I have that scene as
the background on my phone here if you
want to see
