May 9, 2013
Iron Man 3 and Pain & Gain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIZF9vjO-3o
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/332560475617374209
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151441225382634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-iron-man-3-and-pain-amp-gain
 
Half in the bag.
Fuck all this stupid popcorn shit.
Thank you for your patience
yes I'm so sorry you're on hold for that
long but uh yeah we we do Betamax
absolutely um do you happen to know the
model number I don't one second sir I I
can't tell you the model number you
would have to know that it should be on
the bottom okay do you see it great um
and yeah just give me your last name
here Johnson okay can you can you hold
on just one second like what are you
doing can't you see we're busy
we're busy what yeah look at all these
people can I call you back I'll call you
right back thank you very much hi how
can I help you yeah I have a Magnavox
that I need fixed I think it's like an
82 what seems to be the problem well the
pictures all fuzzy
did you try adjusting the tracking
what's tracking never mind just uh fill
out this form here just your name and
address and phone number and we'll take
a look at it for you I don't support the
big pen industry Jay are all these
people going to a Halloween party or
something no Mike they're hipsters the
fuck is a hipster it's a person that
dresses like a circus clown hmm
well the more important question is why
are all these circus clowns getting VCRs
fixed I don't know I guess it's ironic
to watch movies on VHS now it's good
news for us though cuz look business is
booming I got my oxymorphone I got my
gaba prepped in 50 milligrams percocet
my hydrocodone hurtis ah God niblets Tom
my precious Night Court tape
ah so many wasted years of my life
wonder how those guys are doing on my
VCR you know what I demand results I'm
gonna find that VCR repair shop I'm
gonna pay those two a visit brassieres
next please
oh sorry we're on our lunch break you
could have a seat in the waiting area
Thanks Oh Ryan this is going great
yeah what do you wanna do on our lunch
break hmm seen any good movies lately
yeah and I saw pain and game
I'm Tony Stark
I build neat stuff I got a great girl
and occasionally save the world
so why can't I sleep
you elected me on a single platform I
will defend this country at all costs
Ironman 3 is the first post Avengers
film in the Marvel films universe it
stars Robert Downey jr. as an overpaid
actor inside of a tin can suit who
fights evil doers as the superhero Iron
Man 3 his enemies this time include Guy
Pearce as an old acquaintance with a
grudge Ben Kingsley is an old man with a
beard and Shane black is an old-school
Hollywood screenwriter with an
over-reliance on witty dialogue Jay what
did you think of the third Iron Man film
I liked the movie a lot I think this is
a movie for everyone it's a great movie
if you enjoy sort of fun light-hearted
popcorn pop entertainment and it's also
a movie that you can pick apart and find
numerous plot holes in if you're a
joyless asshole who has nothing better
to do with their time are you done
talking was it hard to talk with Roland
Emmerich's cock in your mouth uh no this
movie is I would say this is the best
written of the Iron Man movies as far as
structure goes and you can find plot
holes or whatever but in a movie like
this it's not that big of a deal because
it's it's light-hearted it's more about
the characters and the humor yeah I
would say it's a better written movie
than the first two certainly the second
one the second Hey how long have you
been here like about two and a half
hours Wow yeah yeah yeah I know you're
like three hours yeah you're in front of
me oh yeah like the first two-thirds of
it a lot and then sort of falls apart at
the ends as the problem that we've
talked about where they don't know how
to end their movie so there's just a
dumb fight the whole movie the first
movie the whole thing is he's very
slowly and carefully trying to figure
out this technology and figuring out how
to use it appropriately and then
overnight Jeff Bridges just makes a
giant Iron Man suit and fights him
I agree with you Jay I really
enjoyed this movie as well I was a lot
of fun and while there were some plot
things that made me scratch my head it's
a movie where you can't get overly
wrapped up in the plot holes because
it's meant to be light-hearted it's a
little tongue-in-cheek
and kind of pokes fun at itself a lot
especially a lot of the kind of cliches
that appear in movies like this and it
was witty witty yeah it was written by
Shane Black who did the Lethal Weapon
movies movie I'm not sure I know he did
one of them at least
is he the the low-rent Joss Whedon he's
well I wouldn't call him a low-rent JA
sweet he's been around a lot longer than
Joss Whedon but this movie especially
reminded me of some of the issues I have
with Joss Whedon too which is that
everyone's just a little too clever mmm
there's a little too much of the the
kind of funny banter at one point he
runs into a little kid and you're like
oh no the little kid um there's some
really snappy and fun dialogue back and
forth between them and there's one point
where the look it's like I can help you
and then you know you've seen it in
movie so many times before with a little
kid tags along yeah it was like yeah get
lost kid and he drives off
today is the first day
of was the left of your life
there's very little Iron Man in this
Iron Man movie which is one of the
things I liked because it's more about
Tony Stark as a character he is Iron Man
and there's some good Iron Man stuff in
this but it's not just you know Iron Man
fights the bad guy
Iron Man saved someone from a burning
building it's it's a lot more
interesting than that there's a lot more
creative and different types of
sequences yeah there's a lot of
different sub pieces in this like action
set-pieces where it's like one is is 12
people get blown out of an airplane at
30,000 feet and Iron Man has to save
them and then there's Tony Stark
fighting a crazy lady in a kitchen
inside a bar in Tennessee and it's like
though it's not just robot versus robot
blowing things up there's lots of
variety in the movie um we're just
admiring your player there yes top hat
but yeah top load where'd you get that
uh yeah it's you probably wouldn't know
where it is it's this little hole in the
wall oh yeah that sounds we like a lot
of those places too and and that's just
it just kept you kept refreshing things
over and over again and it made it
interesting well and another nice thing
is that there's not too much of it I
would say that the ending of course you
have to have the big action Andy and I
would say that's a little excessive but
it was more acceptable because there was
so little action throughout the rest of
the movie yeah the action sort of
punctuated moments throughout the movie
but it wasn't just like crazy
over-the-top things happening all the
time it gets kind of crazy and
over-the-top towards the end but it
feels a little more earned because it's
not the pace of the movie is not so like
breakneck where you just are wore out by
the end I'm gonna offer the choice
you want an empty life
or a meaningful death yeah so overall a
really good movie I was thoroughly
entertained by it and it was weird weird
others ISM there was weird Ellis there
was throwbacks too like it is Shane
black who did Lethal Weapon and there's
a moment where it's almost just like a
buddy cop movie it's just Robert Downey
jr. Don Cheadle with guns having a fun
little dialogue back and forth like this
there's a nice simple little moment and
there's lots of nice simple little
moments in this surrounded by of course
the big typical action sequences and
that's what is gonna made the other Iron
Man movies and this one stand out a
little bit as being a little more unique
and fun to watch than a lot of these are
yeah you know you know what I thought
was unique and fun to watch was Thor oh
yeah
Thor different than Thor Thor is always
Thor this is like you know there's Tony
Stark and then he's Iron Man or you have
like there's Bruce Banner and then he
becomes the Incredible Hulk
most of these movies where that's the
case or there's an alter ego the normal
everyday person is completely fucking
boring and these movies the normal
person is far more entertaining than the
superhero hey I liked the new Peter
Parker okay it's it's a it's a tough
thing because we talked about this in
the jack and the giant Beanstalk movie
where which I don't think you've ever
gotten the title of correct but where
it's like okay it's a big movie it has
to have a giant ending and I'm watching
the ending of this and I'm like how do
these people that made this movie keep
track of all this shit like all these
shots and we watch the end credits
oh they're live hundred million names as
funny as this movie was the funniest
part was the end credits when it says
visual effects artists and it's just
rows and rows of names that goes on from
10 minutes yeah and it fills names fill
the entire screen literally fills the
entire series like probably 25,000
visual effects artists and
there are so many people that worked on
this movie it's just mind-blowing but
but anyways you get to the end and it's
so complicated and there's so many
things happening and all these shots and
this front guy flowers yeah and and and
it's like every movie kind of has to end
that way now it seems and really like
you've seen the trailer I should in the
trailer and this is not spoiler
territory so because they give it away
in the trailer right because I was
waiting for it the whole movie in the
trailer they he's like I got some
friends on the way and then they show
what like fifteen thirty hundred Iron
Men like I'll appear and then and I kept
waiting when's that moment come up when
a hundred Iron Man flying so it's in the
fucking trailer it's not a spoiler but
at the end of the movie Tony Stark goes
I'm going to initiate operation secret
underground base under my house that has
a hundred and fifty Iron Man suits in it
boom that's the name of the program and
you're like okay well why didn't you do
that and our early into the movie when
you're trying to fix the broken Iron Man
suit yeah plot hole fine whatever but
the end of the movie a hundred of them
come and it's like the one that he was
trying to fix the busted one shows up at
the end too and and I'm like all I
needed was that one that would have been
great if he has to win the day defeat
the villain in the busted old Iron Man
suit but really we need to have a
hundred Iron Men explosions going off
everywhere in order to fulfill that that
cap cap the movie off with the kind of
special-effects extravaganza that or
when everyone is expecting yeah even
though the movie is sprinkled with
amazing visual effects throughout the
whole thing it needs the big ending
story-wise this really did know and and
that's that's the problem the only
problem for me was it's like okay it's
it's it's an orgy of special effects on
the screen but I really would have liked
it because all the way up until then
Tony Stark is this guy who's had his
house blown up
he's been cast away in Tennessee he's
forced to build his own Iron Man suit
and then at the end he goes a thousand
Iron Man suits right here
you're like oh no
wouldn't it have been great if he just
saved the day in a busted-ass half
working iron man but that wouldn't have
satisfied the the number anes yeah who
chopped up corn in their face here that
Hollywood we don't need your big dumb
endings we need small dumb endings so
after seeing a genuinely enjoyable movie
we decided to treat ourselves by seeing
a Michael Bay film yes we did
literally a shot glass my name is Daniel
Lugo
and I want to make America a better
place
if you're willing to do the work you can
have anything that's what makes the usf
a great you work hard and what does life
serve you a shame sandwich with a side
order of shit don't be a don't err do be
a doer pain and gain is the latest entry
critically acclaimed filmmaker Michael
Bay I'm doing the intro what I'm trying
to do the intro intro to what pain and
game fuck does it even need and most of
the movie is in focus and Ed Harris
shows up for a little while to remind
the audience what it's like to have
feelings towards something on screen
other than pure hate and depression Mike
what did you think of pain and gain well
J to say this movie was a nightmare
would be an understatement
yes while it wasn't the worst film I've
ever seen uh it was it was pretty pretty
fucking terrible it wasn't even the
worst Michael Bay movie I've seen on a
technical level there's some decent
shots in it there's some creative stuff
visually the problem is and this is
takes a little bit of explaining and is
very specific so I'll try to do my best
to make it understandable to everybody
but here in Milwaukee there's a morning
radio show and every city has the wacky
morning deejays but this one in
particular does a thing every morning
where they read local news stories and
decide which is the funniest and buy
funniest they mean which people are the
stupidest but one morning I was
listening to them and they were
describing a story from the local news
about a man who was driving down the
interstate at completely hammered this
guy was apparently an alcoholic what an
asshole but he was driving with his
small child in the backseat cops chased
him finally he pulled over and then he
just started running from the cops
leaving his small child in the backseat
of his car and the morning wacky morning
DJ's were talking about this as if it
was the funniest thing in the world and
then this guy is just so stupid the way
he left a small child in the car
so point being this movie is the
equivalent of that it's taking real
misery and soft suffering and stupidity
of human nature and saying haha look at
these stupid people don't you think you
deserve better as I do
mr. doable are you currently using
steroids
I think they messed me up took a lot of
balls to come in here
well like Raisinets at least use a
chocolate-covered Raisinets
so compared to other Michael Bay movies
this wasn't as irritating but I'll
explain what the premise is because you
probably don't know what it is you see
the poster and it's mark wahlberg and
the rock and they're bodybuilders with
weights called pain and gain now what is
this is this a weightlifting movie is it
what you know but the premise is in the
mid-90s a bunch of weight lifters in
Florida kidnap a guy try to steal all
his money for some to sign over his
assets his house to them and they run
the scam and they have kidnapped torture
them all this weird stuff eventually
that turns into murder drug addiction
which is handled very tastefully oh yeah
my opinion and you're sitting there
watching in you're like this is a real
story and it it becomes sort of just
this fascinating mess of a movie and you
you could kind of see what he was trying
to do but failing miserably failing
miserably is the key word because I
think what he was trying to do I get the
impression that Michael Bay is a fan of
the Coen brothers based on the casting
of not just this movie but other movies
he's done transformers 3 at Frances
McDorman in it he's used John Turturro a
number of times this movie is Tony
Shalhoub and Peter Stormare shows up all
these Coen Brothers regulars and this
movie feels like an attempt to make a
Coen Brothers like movie yeah made by
and for meathead douchebags I had a wife
two beautiful daughters a perfect
partner thank God I left her
now with seven honey's of which I can
choose from people that have no
understanding of how to make a movie
like that because you can make yes this
is based on a true story and yes they
turn it into it I don't want to call it
a dark comedy this is like a farce it's
like a Three Stooges farce with dramatic
music under it yes completely baffling
but you can take something that's based
on a true story and have sort of a dark
humorous element to it sure you just
have to have some sort of wit and
intelligence to the the way you approach
the material and Michael Bay is just a
tone deaf overbearing like everything is
just in your face constantly everybody's
shouting every shot is is crazy it's
just too much of everything it's like an
assault
like you said Coen Brothers influence
you really kind of I got the impression
that Michael Bay just sat down and
watched two movies burn after reading
yeah a lot of burnt after reading in us
which is which is um Brad Pitt Frances
McDorman who both play dumb people who
work in a gym who try to pull off a scam
a criminal scam and I felt a lot of
boogie nights because of Mark Wahlberg
because of how the plot sort of starts
speeding up towards the end and becomes
crazy and how crazy things get as a
result of cocaine and cocaine - and a
whole tone is always a problem in his
movies - where there's this like this
juvenile poopypants humour mixed with
more serious stuff and this movie has
that problem the fuck do you want
knocked about me what the fuck did you
that for okay I need to read the manual
I don't figure it out here you take one
Michael Bay couldn't tell this story
without without reverting to his his
lowbrow mentality yeah exactly and he is
worse than Adam Sandler in that regard
where where he laughs at everyone yeah
and this movie did not need the lowbrow
humor I go I you could tell this story
of these these weightlifter guys that
pull off this scam or this this crime or
whatever they're trying to do in a
totally different fashion but he cannot
resist dredging up the the muck yeah
that that is him in a film yeah and that
makes him a terrible terrible director
Michael's trying to do something
extremely different that was a
conversation that we had after I read
the script and you know but people will
be really surprised that how funny he is
and and and and how good he is at comedy
so the idea of of someone like Michael
Bay of all people taking this true story
this violent story that affected in real
people in a negative way and turning
into
you guys are successfully acquired every
asset you have thanks buddy it's all
legal and bindin and they're enjoying it
he understands how to keep a movie going
visually yeah that's the problem
yeah no he understands how to keep a
movie going visually he understands how
to put a movie together visually um
albeit it's like a music video and that
that was the problem for me was that
there's these moments between characters
that are like okay this is a character
moment this is this is dialogue it's not
an action scene it's not a like montage
it's not anything else but the camera is
going like this and every shots moving
and every shots moving in a like stop
lock your camera down let it let the
audience soak in what's happening look
it bored though that's a thing it's like
bored he's used to directing
Transformers movies and he can't resist
his own either his only ego or his own
juvenile sensibilities it's the dumb
jock in your high school trying to write
a poem that's what painting game was
yeah well that's I know I made like your
your tits are as big as balloons I
squeezed them yet they do not pop yes
right you just summed up painting game
you clown that's that Cabbage Patch all
right here's a deal little fella I'm
gonna headbutt you knock you out we do
something bad maybe a little
they got my toe you can see the bone if
if the point is to say this rich asshole
who hates immigrant workers and who is
selfish and greedy greed is the big
thing right and we hate him because he
has money Mark Wahlberg is a is a
hard-working guy who just strives for
the American dream and who ends up so
desperate that he wants to steal it from
someone else
though that's that's the conflict of
ideologies in this movie that we're
supposed to understand or sympathize or
or recognize in in this story yeah uh
can you make it more dumber maybe try to
be who you are agent I kind of liked it
he I mean awaits of him I mean I see you
take these real guys this real situation
that did these things where they
murdered people
they stole money from people they
murdered people they ruin people's lives
and it's and they treat it like a Three
Stooges routine that's what this movie
is yeah it's the worst possible way to
execute this material yeah and if
Michael Bay is a director writer
director whatever he's not a writer he's
never written anything I don't even know
if he knows how to read Michael Bay
trying to handle anything other than
robots punching each other is just like
a joke you know what you know what's the
hardest part Jane what it's so hard to
describe in words how dumb Michael Bay
movies are you sit there and and you
watch it right and and there's a scene
in this movie the guy that wasn't Mark
Wahlberg or the rock goes into a medical
clinic for his is erectile dysfunction
because of overuse of steroids and the
the the fat girl from bridesmaids is
there and it wasn't melissa mccarthy who
wasn't not the not melissa mccarthy girl
she's she's talking to this black guy
and and and she's like I love black men
and he's like I love fat white bitches
they just met and and and and you're in
the guise of a medical environment and
she's like put this shot into your
peepee
and and it's like it's like you've got
you've been transported back to junior
high school and and it's it makes you
want to throw up and you can't describe
in words just how dumb the material is
and you see people around you laughing
and that's the most baffling part at me
that one you feel like you're an alien
that drew me back to when we saw
transformers - I think it was when we
were in a packed theater and there's
these horrible horrible juveniles stupid
jokes happening and people in the
theater are laughing and you look around
and you feel like you don't belong on
this planet yeah I'll try to find a
picture of my grandma so we can show her
maybe they can put maybe they can put
wood paneling on it
speaking of wood paneling can you
Instagram me oh yeah with this yeah we
mine like I wouldn't be holding the VCR
yeah that's what this movie made me wish
for more than anything is to just not
exist but just like I'm gonna look just
it's kind of like you caught me okay
got it but the question is you have Mark
Wahlberg why is Mark Wahlberg deferring
a salary to be in a Michael Bay film you
know I think what it is I may be wrong
about this but I think that he lost a
bet I think as the result of being in
this movie that Mark Wahlberg is now the
lead in transformers 4 I could be wrong
about that but I think that's the case
Jay this sounds awfully conspiratorial
but there's a there's a little there's a
density to their muscle there's an
animal quality to their muscle that I
wanted to have and you know not only
that but it's not about to be a
conspiracy it's just the fact that you
know you do a favor for a high-profile
Hollywood director and um it's all come
so clear to me now
Hollywood is about money
these people aren't artists they're just
soulless hacks Mark Wahlberg for the
longest time I've seen him as an artist
ever since Marky Mark and the Funky
Bunch and I'm realizing that Mark
Wahlberg wants to make millions and
millions of dollars and uh you know I
thought wow to be able to kind of go
back and play one of those guys would be
really fun Jay this is this is profound
so what you're saying is Michael Bay is
a stupid asshole
the hell you doing on the ground it's
supposed to hurt
let's go painting game Russ you don't be
a little bitch don't eyeball me more I
see your mother driving up and down the
street looking at me I'd be a stepfather
about a week
okay so uh you've got a Sony looks like
uh yes and 98 I mean this ghetto all
right you two I'm good
yeah these stairs are big now what's
going on here
getting our VCRs fixed this place is the
only place in the world that still does
it oh my god they're actually fixing
VCRs yep interesting I have to go now
