Jul 18, 2013
Pacific Rim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YacE1h34E4Y
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/357900118676082688
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151549502962634
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151555027907634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-pacific-rim

Half in the bag.
Fuck movies.
so Jay did
you hear that mr. plinkus house was
finally demolished to make room for that
new expressway uh well I mean I knew
they were going to do it but I haven't
talked to mr. plinkus since we left his
house last time yeah you know how
they're smashing houses now how with
giant robot holy shit that sounds
awesome yeah I saw it I was there a
giant robot came up and smashed his
house smashed the house next to it the
house next to that and then they started
building the expressway oh that's great
by the way have you seen grownups too
first kaiju made land in San Francisco
the second attack hit Manila the third
one hit Cabo
not gonna stop Pacific Rim is the latest
film from visionary fantasy and horror
film maker Guillermo del Toro the story
takes place in a futuristic world that's
been ravaged by giant Godzilla monsters
that travel to our world through a
magical portal at the bottom of the
Pacific Ocean to stop these violent
creatures humans decide to watch the
movie robot jocks and tons of anime to
get a few ideas
what follows is lots of punching
destruction horrible fake foreign
accents and unnecessary close-ups of Ron
Perlman's face so Mike what did you
think of Pacific Rim Jay I thought
Pacific Rim was a very very very good
Asylum movie oh no actually that's
pretty accurate concept and certain
scenes just some of the shooting like
the way the look of it in in like the
control room with the martial character
and he's got the Sioux the military
uniform on I just kept thinking of those
scenes in the submarine okay if you
don't know who the asylum is the asylum
I believe was responsible for sharknado
most recent Asylum production but
they'll make a copycat movie extremely
low budget it's a junk movie it's a
piece of crap they'll make a copycat
movie of a Hollywood movie and they have
a submarine set and they use it in every
movie yes it's like Sharktopus shark
apple√≠s giant squid versus so and so
and everything you could possibly
imagine they'll whip it out they do have
a knockoff of Pacific Rim as well
that thing just touchdown South New York
he is a reckless slide of Bill is the
best book on
called atlantic rim which doesn't make
any sense but whatever no it doesn't
they don't care I don't care I think
some of it had to do with the fact that
the cast was all kind of no names mm-hmm
and there were two guys that looked
similar to each other
yeah like yes you talk about the main
guy and then the Australian guy yeah
it's it looks like the exact same person
yeah they look like generically handsome
soap opera actor man one was doing a bad
fake Australian accent while the other
one was doing a bad fake American accent
yes yeah and I was like who's who after
the beginning I didn't know which
brother got killed the younger one of
the older one I just knew someone got
pulled out of a robot um and then some
some of those scenes that were kind of
lacking in a real like visual style they
just felt really kind of flat even color
temperature on the film and it just
looked everything just kind of looked
kind of dull but overall the movie was
was good well I would say I thought the
movie was really really good I liked it
a lot
I did not love it and I kind of wanted
to love it I was I was rooting for this
movie and there's a lot of people that
are really into it and do seem to really
love it they're calling it like a
modern-day Star Wars and things like
that which i think is a little overblown
there were a lot of Star Wars references
there there's lots of references to a
lot of things but I think it comes from
the idea that they're sort of a building
entire universe in this movie it takes
place in later in this ongoing war with
these creatures it's not in a more
conventional movie I think the the
opening prologue establishing how the
world has become what it is like that
would have been the whole movie yeah I
like that this takes place later down
the road we're in bad shape the program
the Jaeger program the robots that are
designed to fight monsters that's being
shut down because everything feels
futile so I like where the movie takes
place in this sort of larger story yeah
I like the fact that I wasn't expecting
it i sat down to watch it in the first
three minutes the prologue is is here's
what happened over the last and and that
kind of um because we talked about
disaster porn and that sort of took that
element away from it because you're
you're sick of see in movies or it's
like
here comes the creature Oh No
look it's destroying the Golden Gate
Bridge Oh No look it's and and so they
the fact that they skipped all that and
went straight to the the post plot as
far as echoes like they were in the
midst of a war and everything's the
whole world economy has changed the
whole structure of how everyone lives
has changed because of these monsters
kind of um it it it changed the dynamic
of the story it's like this is about
this it's not look shocked oh gosh look
at this monster coming well it almost
seemed to be I don't know if it was
intentional but it almost seemed to be
sort of making fun of the disaster porn
movies or it's like you'd see the Golden
Gate Bridge get destroyed but it's just
in a quick cutaway because they're
talking about other things or
establishing this larger world
we have our time
each other
but what kept me from really really
loving the movie was the extremely thin
characters when I watched a monster
movie the big money shot for me was a
monster which is not bad in and of
itself you could have I mean the whole
movie sort of feels like it's very
simple sort of a throwback movie the
characters have very simple dynamics and
that's fine but there's lots of bizarre
things or it feels like things that are
set up that don't pay off there's things
where there's like a bizarre payoff to
it but it's not something that was set
up an example of that would be there's
the the Australian characters the father
and son and the father gets injured at a
certain point so he can't go on the big
final mission at the end of the movie
and there's this whole scene where he
says to the marshal character like take
care of him he's my son my son and it's
like are they supposed to be saying like
he finally trusts his son it's like one
of those things where you would
establish earlier and earlier in the
movie that he doesn't have confidence in
his son or something like that but
that's not set up there's like one line
reese's something about eight things as
kids kind of an asshole but that's it
there's the dynamic with the main
character where he they make comments
about how he's a loose cannon you know
the typical that type of character but
that doesn't really have anything to do
with the rest of the movie so it's
things like that where it's like you can
have these thin characters but at least
and give them an arc of some sort
instead of just elements of
characteristics yeah I think that's
that's one of one of the things that
stood out to me like a lot of technical
things that are great with this movie
and that's where it really shines is the
Uchitel Guillermo del Toro was really
fond of the movie he was making it
didn't feel like a Michael Bay
Transformers movie there there's not an
ounce of cynicism in this movie and
that's the best thing about it yeah it's
um it's the the subject matter is taken
seriously and it's unlike transformers
you could tell what's happening on the
screen it's a robot fighting a monster
and and you can see what's happening and
it's handled very well and it's um it's
it's enthralling and exciting at times
you know when they when they finally get
that punch in now on the monster it's
well it's so awkward and slow like
there's a weight to it which makes it
fun it's not all like
what noise and he was like oh stop and
that's all there but it the in addition
to that you wanted more clear characters
you wanted more realistic characters and
and the whole like your loose cannon
father-son and that's where it starts to
feel like a sci-fi channel movie yeah
well I think I know what he was going
for he was trying to make these sort of
classic movie archetypes but as I said
there's things that are set up that
don't pay off and vice-versa so that
sort of deflates that a little bit in
the movie the robot takes two pilots
because it's too hard for one person to
do it it's too hard on the brain because
you have to mind-meld with yeah but you
have to have some sort of connection
with your copilot in order to make the
robot work and that was of course two
brothers are perfect you know they're
very similar people or whatever and and
then this one since his brother died he
goes running off and doing other things
and then he has to find a co-pilot and
instead of like there being some sort of
hesitation with the Mach Oh character
he's like a gung-ho for her yeah to be
the co-pilot and that that could have
had some interesting like conflict those
two characters not really liking each
other wanting to work together and then
the end they do yeah um it's a movie
about teamwork mmm whole movies about
teamwork
whether it's Charlie and the British
scientist guy working together yeah to
to tap into the the kaijus brain or to
two pilots it's movie about teamwork and
loyalty it's also a movie about punching
giant sea monster there is so much
punching in this movie
I wonder if if they were going for like
a cornball type script or characters you
know well the movie is corny but it's
corny in a way where it's not like wink
wink like we're being over-the-top and
silly it takes some material serious
enough but the concept is so goofy that
it makes the whole movie fun yeah
and there is that you mentioned teamwork
there's a lot of it's a really positive
movie and as we talked about a lot of
movies lately or so like brooding and
dark and the heroes aren't really heroes
and this is a movie where it's people
working together to overcome an outside
threats it's it's characters that's at
the end of the movie like all the main
characters of the movie are basically
willing to sacrifice their lives to for
the greater good in a way that doesn't
feel like schmaltzy or stupid or
pandering it's a real matter of fact in
its approach yeah like here's what would
probably happen if giant sea monsters
came out and start smashing everything
and there's a little bit of politics in
there where like the the the the
spineless politicians want to build the
wall as opposed to the the vulgar robot
program but you know and they're like
fuck you are gonna keep punching these
things with robots oh there was
something I was hoping that they showed
early on I was hoping there'd be more of
that can I had a Robocop vibe to it
where they established like oh the
Jaeger program is failing so we're gonna
build this giant wall and then all the
people that are building in giant wall
see on the news a giant wall that
they're building in Sydney Australia and
then the monster just just burst through
it immediately and they're like why are
we wasting all this time yeah they're
sort of a satirical element to that that
I wish was in the rest of the movie but
yeah yeah I would have been happy if
they focused on more of the economical
political element of of how do we
survive in a world where every so often
a giant sea monster comes on so it's
smashing everything is that that part I
was more interested in that than the
interplay between the stock characters
yeah but then you know you have to
accept the cornball nature of it because
I'm the whole time sitting there
watching like if building giant robots
to punch the sea monsters is pretty cool
but they could expelled all that effort
and
building millions of very small planes
that could shoot highly powered rockets
at these things now instead of one giant
robot and probably work better but the
movies about giant big-ass awesome
robots exactly country money exactly
we need a weapon that can react and
grapple with the kanga we read the
entire sets to vibrate to shave to give
you the real perspective of what it
would be to be in silent robots so this
might be the first big movie in a long
time where I actually it was very
excessive the action was there's lots of
destruction and things like that but
where I actually wanted to see more of
it yeah it's such a weird thing because
usually I'm like oh goes on forever
there get tired you know you get tired
of him but with this one is like I want
to see more cities get destroyed I want
to see more robots defending these
cities I wish there was more of that in
the movie yeah they give you a little
tease and they don't overdo it now you
see some of the other robots some the
other will about pilots and and there's
a long stretch in this movie without
action hmm which they take time for
character building unfortunately it's
not the strongest character building I
appreciate the effort but the execution
isn't the best and there's a nice little
moment I noticed during there's a great
extended fight scene in Hong Kong which
is sort of the big centerpiece action
scene of the movie and there's a part
where the giant robot is walking down
the street and there's like an overpass
and I was just waiting for him to break
through it to just plow through it he
takes the time to step over it it's a
little silly because right when he steps
over it whereas foot lands just
completely destroys the street
underneath it but the fact the fact that
he's thinking about that violence
our minds on memories
man and machine become one thinking of
the robots they're called the Eggers in
this film
they're called Yeager's which they tell
you means as in German means hunter yes
so of course we brought out our bottle
of Jagermeister hmm and if you didn't
know Jagermeister means master hunter
and German hence the picture of the deer
so let's have a shot of this alcohol
beverage I think a fun drinking game for
the Pacific Rim movie is every time they
say the word Jager you take a shot of
Jager
you'll be drunk within the first five
minutes you'll be dead you'll be dead by
the end of the movie so caution please
don't place a drinking game so drinking
game was not authorized by red letter
media incorporated hmm I mean
lightning-fast VCR
we hold no responsibility if you try
said drinking game but J Ballman
mentioned yeah lots of robots and the
robots are cool huh I think I think this
movie is a winner it is it's it's a
breath of fresh air it's okay with being
corny and and I don't want to say a
smaller story in a larger universe
because the whole thing is sort of
wrapped up at the end but it is at least
an established universe and there's a
nice little touches like Hong Kong
there's a section in the slums where
years ago a kaiju had been defeated and
the bones just stayed there and they
rebuilt the city around it
you've got Ron Perlman is like a kaiju
black market guy and and lots of nice
little touches like that yeah it does a
good job of establishing the environment
and the history and everything feels
lived-in yeah nothing feels shiny and
new right right that's that's that gives
it that Star Wars equality and it has
that kind of like what Star Wars yours
you always watch it and you go I wish I
lived in that universe and even though
this is a world where robots are
and monsters are destroying everything
you kind of feel like hey I wish I was a
robot pilot and it almost just just
brings back a little bit of that
childhood excitement well this yeah this
is definitely a movie for 12 year olds
12 year olds will fucking love this it's
not really super ultra violent or scary
or anything like that it's a it's a good
what is a pg-13 I assume yeah um it's a
good movie and toys of Pacific Rim
should be flying off the shelves but
they're probably not no they're not
because the bigger movie was grownups
too so maybe Adam Sandler poop toys of
why not to shop his entire set would
shake and would be able to drop 15 feet
really rapidly for the drop of the head
the actors were in for a ride it was
like a little amusement park simulator
so Mike would you recommend Pacific Rim
abso-fuckin'-lutely we probably should
have recommended it a week ago when it
maybe would have helped because now the
movies not doing great
go see Pacific Rim if you haven't seen
it already if you were on the fence
about seeing it go see it it's good it's
entertaining and a movie like this
deserves to do better and you may even
feel some emotion at the end yeah yeah
for the characters who sacrifice
themselves to save the world for
characters that have become intact
attached to each other you you may feel
something in your heart unlike a
Transformers movie where all you can
feel is Eugene Levy's bowel movement
Eugene Levy isn't in those movies yeah
well I appreciate that the designs of
their robots weren't too crazy
there was only one where it was a
Japanese robot I think and there were
three operators because it had three
arms right and one of the arms the hand
turned into spinning blades or there's a
little but it wasn't like
it's happening right and they don't have
an endless supply of weapons and things
they can do the most exciting part of
the movie is when they realize that they
have a sword hmm they say fuck let's use
the sword I don't know what what it is
it's missing from this I think I think
as far as audiences go and watching this
movie
it's it's the the reasons why it's not
doing really great one is because
grownups too came out in theaters and
everyone has to see that if you got your
choice you go see grown-ups too but I
think a lot of it might be big dumb
fatigue possibly because you look at
this movie and it looks not that it's an
intelligent movie but it's it's
intelligently made and it's a lot of fun
but I think people look at it they say
oh it's like another Transformers movie
yeah or a battleship yeah or more
creatures in the ocean aliens in the
ocean are smashing things and yeah and
they go oh I don't want to watch that
and people are so accustomed to dumb to
big dumb that they might stray away from
this now that's called Pacific Rim
yeah the title doesn't really tell you
what it is you know transformers while I
recognize that title obviously you know
what they should have called this movie
well grown-ups too
