Jun 24, 2014
The Transformers Series Triple Feature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Rfup0XKx7o
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/481617832636350464
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152214170697634
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152223801172634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-transformers-series

Half in the bag.
so we're watching all
three Transformers films at the same
time is that what's happening for real
that's this is real life yeah we're just
thankful really that doesn't it you are
we is this three Optimus Prime
voiceovers okay right oh my god so the
first ones about the energy cubes where
do they come
oh the Allspark yeah something's called
the Allspark in one of these movies then
the second one's about the dark of the
Moon that's the third one that's the
third on the second one something about
the pyramids yes
this one's already transitioned into an
action scene I think yeah okay so this
one's the second quickest so each movie
everything's just gonna be stretched
everything's gonna be longer
theoretically well when I first time I
had pause it didn't pause so this like
odd three or four second delay on this
one let me make it use difference it'll
make a huge difference but where it's a
human community yeah so we have opening
backstory and then we have modern day
people oh we got text at the same time
there we go which transformer is then I
don't know it's the one with all the
moving parts it's the one that you can't
tell what it is
the first one is attempting to establish
characters look at that yeah the first
one still thinks it's a real movie it's
amazing seen how restrained the first
one is in comparison to the second one
so far if you want to make memorable
characters the design on the robots is
just awful yeah
they all just look like a junkyard
explosion not today come on let's go all
hands on deck
Frankie mojo Oh mr. Whitley holy cow
Wow cut the end of opening action scene
two human City Shia LaBeouf's armies
nearly almost the exact same moment
that's pretty incredible
not really and we're just now getting to
the title the third here's a wacky
teacher there's the wacky mother yeah
they're both say a Shia LaBeouf is it's
like they took the same script and just
replace it
yeah words well this isn't too far off
now we're getting to Shia LaBeouf oh
yeah so yeah that's pretty impressive
actually all right within the same
minute yeah we get to Shia LaBeouf we
get to our lead character so Megan Fox
in the new one then no she's a ninja
turtles okay is it the same girl from
the third one that's in the fourth one
or is it and I have no idea I don't know
if anyone from the first three is in the
new one I bet Josh Tomales cuz what is
he doing
other than Fergie oh we got wacky little
robots at the same time there's like
parallels in like two of them 303 Emily
they're jumping it's the same robot it's
jumping from one thing to the other
Oh
introduction of bumblebee introduction
of bumblebee oh yeah look at that
who's got racist yeah I don't know what
the next story beat is in any of these
they're really awkward with the Michael
Bay dehumanizing misogynistic woman on
motorcycle slash car shots that has yet
to happen in this one right it's
happened in this one and then they have
a close-up of her but now yeah so he's
really off with those hands what we
interesting King which one had the dog
getting home that was this one right god
there's the can't the camera shadow was
just on them was it really yeah
so we're expanders just you mall yeah
there's just a mall right yay we've hit
the Josh to mall point so roughly 10
minute opening action sequence
introduction of Shia LeBouf and where
he's at in life introduction of
bumblebee back to military plot and or
transformers older news yeah and then
sprinkle in military briefing seen
somewhere oh yeah this is our current
problem to give you the illusion that
these movies have Plus yeah hey look hey
look I see art museum
I'm assuming that gets blown up no no I
don't think so Savage
that's Megatron he's back he isn't
wearing a Lego over a parka yeah now
he's a desert man to keep the Sun off
his head that's absurd
that's absurd oh oh that's embarrassing
yeah oh that's so embarrassing that's
one of Michael Bay's films yeah he
didn't get screwed yeah I know
I hear he's about to get attacked by the
girl
oh yeah so Shia LaBeouf is trying to
advance the plot but and evil
transformer is preventing him from doing
so yes like a fox showing up oh yeah oh
wow look at that the exact same time
let's see more Frances McDormand and
transformers really I think well I think
that was a response to a lot of the
complaints that the first two movies got
from teenage boys they said you know
those movies are fun but they really
need more of that woman from Fargo like
at Fox and shun the book wolf in any
peril
yeah look at tiny robot playing a robot
robot available
Wow these first two are kind of
incredible yeah roughly the same movie
Megan the Fox saves Shia LaBeouf yeah at
the exact same time wow that's
incredible those are perfectly synced up
oh no their car was secretly a Megatron
right I think there's a secret
transformer in the Smithsonian it's the
Wright brothers playing rich it's the
first transformer oh god I know what's
happening
did you not know that no I'm making that
up
but you didn't even know that I know I
didn't know I wouldn't I I thought
that's what was gonna happen yeah I
don't you're being serious
this is seriously starting to affect my
brain like where I can't focus on
anything anymore yeah I mean I feel like
the actual audience for the Transformers
movies
now it's starting to get ridiculous
my god I feel like I'm gonna throw up
I really do yeah it's getting bad
back
Oh
I can't even tell where one robot begins
on the other end walls oh that was
insane what was insane today all quiet
yeah they all got quiet at the exact
same moment it's like when you're in a
noisy restaurant or a bar and that
happens once in a while the description
of these movies is a noisy bar is
exactly except more robots what the hell
like I survives this oh my god
what's that Zabka miss crime that's up
this prime that is I think
this is Megatron
yeah he's helping oh Megatron's soul
went into a different robot what yeah I
remember that
Jesus right even a blood now oh this is
where after mr. prime just murders him
he was begging for help and October I
just shot him in the face oh we also
helped oh my god but the day will never
come that we forsake this planet and its
people do you die
Oh
