Nov 9, 2014
Interstellar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUhA8eSx6pQ
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/531611695790034944
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152491868747634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-interstellar (archive.ph/crm01)
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-interstellar

Half in the bag.
Apes in outer space.
Oh God
I think I'm getting seasick excuse me
JLo that's Lake sick
we're on Lake Michigan and from what I
can tell the current has pulled us out
pretty far too oh whatever I hate water
that's why I don't bathe yeah well don't
worry J this water is much less scary
than the ocean Lake Michigan's deepest
point is only 922 feet which means we're
much less likely to drown in water that
comparatively shallow it's this it's
like being on a Carnival Cruise Line
just much safer hey Mike did you know
mr. Plunkett used to be a hot-air
balloon pilot a racer or whatever the
fuck you call it hmm I did not know that
J I wonder how that will come into play
later it's true it's all true my my
secret past is a hot-air balloon pilot
is finally out oh all this damn water
it's it's flushing out things I hid in
my basement years ago old photos cat
coffins thousands of copies of et on
Atari I wish I was dead
oh god I hope the bugs eat me alive you
know I think my old hot air balloon is
down there too all folded up I used to
be the best hot air balloon pilots here
of all time even wanted to branch out
into dirigibles
but that career got cut short after the
Hindenburg mr. plinkus you crashed the
Hindenburg oh no no I just watched I was
the guy yelling oh the humanity seeing
that really scarred me though
because of that I gave up how dare
ballooning and because of prohibition I
started selling bathtub gin that's for
the real moneys at hey Mike if we're
stranded out on Lake Michigan how are we
gonna watch and talk about movies
I don't know J I guess we'll just have
to talk about politics and religion
instead oh oh that reminds me oh oh not
here I paid nine thousand dollars for
this yeah I want to buy some booze off
of a bootlegger you know cuz prohibition
still on uh-huh yeah that jerk on the
street ripped me off
I don't know what anybody's supposed to
do with that many drink coasters but
enjoy I'm gonna go take a piss in Lake
Michigan should make this water cleaner
Joe what is that it appears to be
bootlegs of all the movies that are
coming out over the next few months hmm
no kidding well that's fucking
convenient yeah look interstellar oh
that's the new Christopher Nolan movie
isn't it mmm huh well let's watch that
one first okay I'm sure it's gonna look
real good on this TV
you know I shot at an IMAX but we don't
have a DVD player look Jay a DVD player
has also washed up we conveniently for
us oh that's really convenient now we
have a DVD player so we can play our
seller another D TV yeah yeah yeah we
can watch Christopher let's just talk
about the movies okay okay potentially
habitable worlds right within our reach
save us from extinction here we go
you can't just think about your family
now you have to think bigger than that I
am thinking about my family and millions
of other families maybe we've spent too
long trying to figure all this out with
theory
love is the one thing that transcends
time and space the cast of Ocean's
eleven reunites in Christopher Nolan's
new film interstellar in interstellar
Matthew McConaughey plays Cooper a space
pilot who is also a post-apocalyptic
corn farmer he lives on a dusty farm
with his ungrateful daughter dim-witted
son and Jonathan Lithgow when offered a
chance to go to space to get away from
his family on a suicide mission
Cooper jumps at the chance their mission
to find a new planet for Anne Hathaway
to overact on well Jay we just watched
interstellar on this this lovely
television screen yes we had to bend
gravity in order to do so see the
picture you know they make TVs now that
bend oh I've heard about this I saw a
hundred and twenty inch 4k television oh
how much of it wraps around you is it
like a cannoli it was a slight there was
a slight bad news $100,000 okay 120 inch
gives you imagine that sighs there's a
little overpriced but still I bet you
it's real great watching reruns of
Sanford and Son on
also J what did you think of Christopher
Nolan's latest film Innerspace oh I see
I was confused cuz I thought this was a
remake of that classic 70s porno into
Stella
about interstellar I although this film
is inaccurately titled it should have
been called intergalactic because I do
travel to a different galaxy technically
Wow
interstellar would mean in between stars
okay lights there's a Beastie Boys song
called intergalactic already
yeah interstellar sounds more like
oddity and yeah yeah intergalactic
sounds more sci-fi
corny corny corny Edwardsburg but anyway
Jay what did you think of whatever uh
interstellar I it's a very good movie I
liked it a lot I thought it was very
well made I really hope that Christopher
Nolan never decides to make a a
straightforward character like
tearjerker drama I'm guessing because I
did no research on this movie I really
don't care about Christopher Nolan do
you know if he did any sort of research
on black holes and all of the mechanics
and absolutely yeah I saw a little I
think they did plenty of research now
I'm assuming like yeah that it feels
very detailed and that's not do you know
if he discovered in all of his research
did he discover for sure that love
conquers all
I I didn't find the the the dramatic
stuff all that terrible or no it's it's
better than gravity which is probably
the closest comparison to this movie
this is this year's gravity this is one
where the the the human elements it all
came across from alt C to me yes this
one it's it's handled a lot better yes
but it was the weakest part of the movie
for me I was interested more in the the
exploration the actually what I was
thinking because he said that no one was
influenced a lot by Stanley Kubrick in
2004 of this movie right very clearly
I wish the movie its I know it's like
three hours long but I wish when it came
to them traveling through space the
movie slowed down a bit yeah and let you
take in the visuals and made it more of
your exploring this universe with these
people right because it's it's I was
like oh this is a great shot they're
tiny in the distance they're coming up
towards the wormhole and I just keep
talking some more I was like I want to I
want to take this in a little bit more I
felt the pacing was good in that regard
because that's what I wanted from this
movie I didn't know where this was going
I knew people went into space to search
for a new home for I was like oh neat
you know I want to see I want to see a
real movie that is about people
traveling to very far distances in space
in search of
inhabitable planet Jay and I wanted to
see a movie like that the the the
adventure not silly sci-fi SLOC
adventure but the human adventure of
traveling into outer space I wanted to
see a movie like that and the first half
really was that yeah and I was like okay
cool you know they're in space and that
like just some of the the 2001 esque
elements to it you know the spinning o
space treble really is yeah how it's not
like um it's not like it is in Star Trek
I mean that's fantasy and then it starts
to kind of speed up and they're they're
just like whoa going down this spaceship
and then like why do they even need a
rocket why did they even need a it was
like a Saturn 5 rocket like Apollo
astronaut rocket that took them off into
space
yeah when later on in the movie they
established that they have crafts that
can just take off and land from planet
planetoids and planets with similar
atmospheres there yeah with ease it's
like okay just yeah it was it was like
it was like it it went from NASA to Star
Trek in in just the course of the movie
it became like sci-fi action a little
later yeah and so sort of like and then
Matthew McConaughey they they very
loosely reference him as a pilot before
like they show him like in some sort of
test flight in his memory
yeah and then all of a sudden he can do
all this like crazy futuristic shit like
I'm gonna pilot this ship around the rim
of a black hole like how do the fuck I'd
be more okay with that if that was the
way the movie started but it'll start is
a lot more grounded and I don't know if
that was just a way to try and ease you
into that stuff kind of words cuz I
wasn't thinking about it too much
as it was happening but that's
Christopher Nolan again you're not
really thinking about it cuz you're
caught up in the visuals you're caught
up in the performances and the music
especially yeah the movie starts there's
a lot of clarity to the story for the
first half of it where it's like we
start on earth we establish the problem
Matthew McConaughey gets caught up in
the situation it's like oh we have to go
in we're going to investigate these
three planets we have to travel through
a wormhole to get to them and then we're
gonna travel to each planet and see
which one has the best environment to
live on oh that's great and then the
second half it gets bogged down a bit
and more
I don't know philosophical ideas and
metaphorical things and and love and
that stuff and that's where it lost me a
bit more than a bit actually well I
guess we should say we're gonna get into
spoilers now okay
just just to be safe because there's a
lot going on in this movie
lots of things happen and yeah we don't
want to spoil it for anyone spoilers and
we'll be back after this commercial
break from Totino's pizza rolls
well I agree with you Jay first half
clearly set up the the purpose of the
movie Matthew McConaughey loves his
little daughter and doesn't want to let
her down and he looks grateful little
blonde a great for a little daughter
what does she want
it's a dust bowl she want a lot of her
father yeah you don't want him to leave
and go to outer space and die and like
what a little selfish bastard but he
loves his daughter he loves his family
and he wants to save the planet and he
goes to space and Michael Caine has a
secret agenda of of he doesn't give no
fucks he wants to send a bunch of
fertilized eggs all up in an Hathaways
vagina for her to poop out the new
civilization of america is that how it
happens that's pretty much what he wrote
in that exact sentiment but then second
half of the movie feels like 15
different movies but it almost crosses
over into this nerd kind of science
level which which I think might alienate
some general audience members well I
think that's curbed a bit by the the
father-daughter stuff Anne Hathaway and
her father stuff the the the human
elements of it softens that yeah you got
to add the human element for people to
relate to but I think the that you need
you need a sprinkling of science and an
an overwhelming human element for it to
play with general audiences yeah this
had an overwhelming scientific element
and a sprinkling of humanity in it
that's the that's the that's the one
issue that I had was that post wormhole
when they go through the wormhole I
think that's cool
hormones a real thing the wormhole that
whole sequence was great yeah and and by
the way the explanation of the wormhole
and how space-time works is base time as
a fabric it's like exactly how he
explains he takes the piece of paper
yeah folds it in half and pokes the
whole through sam neill does the exact
same thing in event horizon now again
subtractive piece of paper represents
space-time and you want to get from
point a here
might be there now what's the shortest
distance between two points
I guess that's an easy way to explain it
to it to an audience yeah it's hard to
hard to wrap your brain around
space-time but even thinking of it as a
physical object like that and you could
bend it and warp it that's how Star
Trek's warp engines work they're called
a warp engine because they warp
space-time okay I'm not an expert by any
means I know a little bit about I'm not
no I'm an expert on this okay I'm
consuming this but I'm not an expert on
space or string theory or scientific
theory or quantum physics or anything I
know a little bit about it I know a
little bit but I'm guessing you can't
fly right by black hole in a tiny
spaceship made of tin I'm guessing you
can't fly 15 feet from from Saturn
without dying of horrific radiation
death and there's a lot of things in the
movie that started to become very like
JJ Abrams Star Trek where like giant
planetoids are exploding and people are
traveling through the universe and this
and that and and so I was hoping for
something a little bit more grounded in
reality I know that they they did a lot
of the visuals and a lot of the warping
of of space and how the lensing effects
sunlight and all that stuff how that
looked and that was neat that was my
favorite stuff in the movie yeah and
then the part where they go on the small
planet that's under intense gravity and
then like the gigantic wave and you know
like that's where tides come from as the
moon's gravity pulling on the water on
earth and it's like okay some of that
stuff and then it starts to get a little
little silly well especially at the end
when when he's in the blackhole Matthew
McConaughey is in there and he's seen
the past and all that and he is
explaining to his robot panel the entire
time exactly what he's doing and the
robot is explaining I was thinking of
again 2001 and like towards the end if
you had David walking around just
talking to nobody or he's like there I
am in bed as an old man and just like
over explaining it I almost wish that
this movie did
less explanation which would have
alienated an audience even more I
understand that but I would have I
probably would have enjoyed it more
because it would have left me
contemplating what was happening more
than the movie does it's a delicate
balance yeah when you make a movie like
this where you have to you have to
really you can't take the audience for
granted yeah I can't say well they
understand the you know Einstein's
theory of relativity I understand that
you know time will slow down with more
gravity or you know they you just can't
assume that so he does a good job of
explaining just enough through most of
the movie to the point where the parts
word is over explainer there is too much
exposition stood out the worst part of
that being the the sequence with Matt
Damon where he turns into a James Bond
villain and explains for no reason
exactly what he's doing and why when he
back stabs yeah that part of the movie
bug bugged me quite a bit and then Anne
Hathaway I'll be honest once Matt
Matthew McConaughey flew into a black
hole and then ended up in a
three-dimensional library at trying to
make the hand second hand on a clock
move with Morse codes through
intergalactic telekinesis I forgot about
Anne Hathaway yes yeah it's like what oh
oh and then grandma had to remind him
she's like oh you forgot about it she
went to the other planet Oh wouldn't she
be 108 years old I know how does this
work now you know like oh I'm gonna and
then he takes a space fighter to go
fight the Cylon we're getting into the
very end of the movie now no that was
weird to me too at the very end when
it's like why does he feel the need to
just suddenly steal a ship to fly to
Anne Hathaway like because of love why
didn't you just say hey I'm gonna take
the ship to another planet why did you
have to like sneak in and steal it I
thought that was we don't know don't
only focus on one thing focus on making
a really technical science fiction film
about traveling to another planet and
saving the human race get really
detailed and how exactly that would
happen if NASA was still around and make
people die horribly
like we got to leave you behind we don't
have
fuel to make it to the next planet you
know stuff like that like that I thought
it was neat like humanity's last attempt
to find a suitable home world after the
luck of finding a wormhole and we only
have X amount of fuel left before we can
do this make a movie about that or make
a really kind of generic movie about
love can love travel through space and
our destiny and stuff like that mixing
the two seems a little clunky at times
but at the same time you don't want to
get down on this to move because I'd
rather see a movie with too many ideas
than none oh you know I mean it's an
ambitious movie it's a well-made movie
lots of good visuals lots of good
performances I liked the the robot it
really takes you out of like kind of
what you'd expect yeah exactly cuz like
before we saw this there's the trailer
for chappie Zota was just short circuit
remake Chevy short circuit three yeah
and it's just like robot man you know
and then you see this and it's it's a
rectangle yeah yeah a homage to the the
monolith and Hal oh yeah one yeah one
thing but yeah you're like what what is
that you know what that's a robot yeah
yeah it's such a strange design and then
you find out later that could do all
these like interesting things okay
that's neat without ever getting too
silly with the things that you're not
ever going to slice yeah that's neat
that makes sense yeah a much much more
much more interesting than the robot
from the black hole the black hole oh
yeah that's another movie about a black
hole right I I did some mild research
before watching this and I watched two
other films related to black holes and
what the first was Disney's the black
hole which I believe is late 70s or
early 80s the early eighties the
eighties and a film called event horizon
starring Larry Fishburne and Sam Neill I
think that was like right after Jurassic
Park oh man and it was interesting how
technology in movies has advanced
Wow the black hole I hadn't seen it
since I was a kid yeah don't barely
remember I don't remember a single thing
about it
I remember there was a red robot named
maximilian in it oh my god there there
are some effects in it that are good
yeah or yeah I don't want say great but
like classic immuno models and that's
sort of from that era from that era like
oh okay that works and then some that
are just atrociously bad the green
screens especially yeah this it looked
like a Turkish movie like like a red
Brown film like what is this Oh people
like their zero-g is is you know Ernest
Borgnine on strings my god right now
Dante's Inferno Ernest Borgnine so this
spork 9 has has wires on him and he's
going like this and you could see the
wires and all the robots are on wires
and fast-forward to event horizon yes
better visual effects are early days of
CGI yeah there's some some really kind
of bad looking CGI stuff in it but
mostly models and and some occasionally
bad green screens but then then jump to
this so has it been tradition up until
this point that all movies about black
holes have to suck
yes the black hole is amazingly bad
would you recommend the black hole uh as
like a cultural artifact oh it has one
of the worst scores in the history of
the world oh really yeah
it's extremely repetitive because it
kind of sounds like the themes of Mad
Men
we must think not as individuals
but as a species we must confront the
reality of interstellar travel
mark I love you I didn't really like the
cutting to the crop burning it didn't
seem to have like I get what they were
doing but it didn't seem to have like
that kind of resonance like this is
connected this is two things like
insects I found it a little distracting
yeah I was like oh no both of them but
don't cut back and forth yeah inception
cutting back and forth was crucial oh
sure to how that that story was what's
happening because it's like this this
the van going off the bridge and slow
motion is directly related to that but
this not so much and I see what he was
doing he was doing his thing but I'm
like I want to watch this story about
them trying to stop Matt Damon from
blowing the airlock apart yeah
completely uninterrupted please after
after they once they were in space and
they were exploring then you kind of
forgot about Earth for a little while
the first time they cut back to Earth
after that I was like oh yeah I was like
I almost don't want to go back greater
yes I felt the same way because I showed
the daughter grown up yeah like oh okay
now we're gonna watch Michael Caine
we're gonna watch all the people with
the dusty farmhouses we're gonna watch
Michael Caine not aged after 25 years
and I liked um I liked to the very
rarely did they cut to the ship kind of
flying around like Star Trek or Star
Wars style yeah a lot of the shots were
like camera mounted on the yeah which
gives you that kind of that NASA were in
space feeling because you know there's
no cinematic shots of NASA it's all like
here's the camera it's mounted here
that's all we got yeah and then that's
that's how you see space that's what we
got what's this what we're giving you
yeah
and that in that in a film sense
translates to actual space exploration
as opposed to film right supposed to
movie stuff yeah and I thought I'd like
that I wish they would have stuck with
it the whole time but well a couple of
things here and there didn't but three
something becomes really clear to
nice they're gonna make sure your
children feel safe one
and coming back I think general
audiences will like this because most of
it works in a manukan watch it as just
like a space adventure no no no see I
think general audiences crave that the
wisecracking sidekick and they crave
Sandra Bullock schmaltz I think I think
a lot of science nerds like this you
know and I think a lot of general
audience will say this was too long and
got too weird Oh God I think they'll
respond to the ending by saying it got
too weird I didn't understand what was
going on I understood what was going on
for a while and then I didn't Ryan it
got weird yeah and I think a lot of
people will say that unfortunately the
science was was more fascinating to me
like I liked seeing some strange black
hole somewhere I like this the the
exotic science elements of it as opposed
to Sandra Bullock using a fire
extinguisher Sandra Bullock aunt can
accurately trajector eyes herself
towards a space station with a fucking
fire extinguisher she could drive a bus
over a bridge but she can't do that with
a fire extinguisher she can do something
else with a fire extinguisher for all I
care and that's put out a kitchen fire
and George Clooney would never go to
space he's too much of a big pussy all
the other ocean's 11 guys were there
come on Matt Damon was trying to do a
heist on that alien planet where were
you Casey Affleck showed up in this
movie wearing a Ben Affleck costume he
had that beer deal just like his brother
his trying yeah so I could be Batman to
give me a chance coach put me in I kept
waiting for Jonathan lifts cow to
contact the holiest home planet come on
why
can we not cast awful if Cowell and
anything remotely serious
he was really good on Dexter I didn't
mention that when we talked about the
first planet exg blows listen I seen a
movie where Jonathan lip gal played a
father with Alzheimer's I think I don't
know what movie it was that's Planet of
the Apes he had Alzheimer's oh yeah
that's it and uh and and it was comical
I think we discussed this we did we
gotta show best of the worst yes
no half an emetic what's best of the
worst I don't know and Topher Grace
showed up to say lines yes
that scene in the car when he's like
asking her questions it felt like they
flew him in and dropped him in the car
and he just started saying like he's
like what am I saying
yeah what is this is this a tornado
movie yeah if anyone if people are
complaining about Anne Hathaway being
miscast I find in the role but I would
say Topher Grace was nod yeah Anne
Hathaway given that speech that you had
to make about how it's possible love is
stronger than like the space-time
continuum that could have been so much
worse that could have been so much worse
but she delivered that to where I was
like she kind of sold me on that yeah
maybe love is some kind of mysterious
force that exists in the universe that
we just don't understand yet Marx allows
you forever
well Jay would you recommend
intergalactic planetary planetary
intergalactic I would I would it kind of
feels like two different movies but
they're both well-made and they're both
interesting in their own right well said
concise and to the point I would also
recommend the new Christopher Nolan
movie interstellar lots of movie yeah
lots of lots of goodness yeah even if it
doesn't all quite gel it still it's it's
ambitious and that's to be commended
with some of the other things that are
coming out this time of year so if you
go prepare yourself for an intergalactic
trip through the Stars
we'll find a way but we always have
so Jay do you think interstellar will
sink or swim with audiences well Mike
it's funny you should say that because
we're sinking water flew in my
horribly inconvenient
