Dec 22, 2014
The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WefwhnZB10
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/547201849326313473
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152573904827634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-hobbit-the-battle-of-the-five-armies

Half in the bag.
Put it in my hobbit hole.
this percocet food it can be is
oxycodone food it can be clozapine isn't
that a drug for crazy people I don't
know what we're gonna do now J that this
house is sitting on the bottom of a lake
yeah it's a good thing we put all these
garbage bags over the windows it's
helping to keep all this water out yeah
who would have thought that some duct
tape and garbage bags would be able to
withstand the water pressure of a
gigantic lady J this whole sinking house
saga of ours has gone on longer than a
Peter Jackson Hobbit film mmm hey
speaking of The Hobbit
did you hear Kim jong-un was threatening
to bomb movie theaters that were playing
the interview ha ha
little does he know that movie theaters
are already filled with bombs
speaking of bombs do you want to watch
The Hobbit part three and talk about it
I guess so what else do we have to do
down here it'll kill approximately seven
hours ah
why no beer it is their hobbit part 3
disc 1 oh Jesus Jesus Christ the player
play how are we getting electricity down
here yeah sorry you gave a promise
you brought upon them only ruin and
death if one the mountain is not enough
Peter Jackson's The Hobbit series is
back but sadly the Denny's Hobbit menu
is not I wanted to fill my hobbit hole
in this third installment called the
Battle of the five armies four armies
fight each other to get into a mountain
filled with gold a bunch of strange
things happen involving ghosts and laser
beams then there is a bunch of fighting
and then there isn't Frodo Baggins then
returns to the Shire the only place in
the world he feels safe and at home only
to find out that his neighbors have
declared him dead and robbed him got my
Hobbit the Battle of the five armies Cup
what are you doing oh I'm making a gin
and tonic
you ready to talk about the hoppers
about that so Jay what did you think of
The Hobbit Battle of the five armies the
final Lord of the Rings Hobbit film in
the JRR Tolkien's
universe can I tell you I honestly
didn't know until today that the
subtitle for the movie was the Battle of
the five armies I've cared so little in
paying attention this movie I just knew
it was the final Hobbit movie and even
though there was a title um well Mike
what did you think of The Hobbit the
Battle of the five armies well I had no
idea what was going on the whole time I
was gonna say like III I know that when
we saw the second movie I thought it was
better than the first movie and I know
that I enjoyed it to a certain extent I
would be very hard for us to tell you
anything that happened in it is the
first one when when when Gandalf said
you shall not pass that was a reward
rings that was in the first Lord of the
Rings film well watch I was 27 years ago
let me just let me just throw this out
there okay I had no idea what was
happening the whole time and I am to
blame for that partially because I
accept some blame because you know
there's Lord of the Rings fans out there
literally who you know and and really
like I I watched the other two movies
once didn't pay the closest of attention
I could have rewatched the second one
the first one I could have familiarized
myself a little more with what's
happening
I know the movie is supposed to do that
for you but still I accept some of some
of the blame because I have no idea
what's happening
what's-her-face shows up kate from lost
no cate blanchett shames lanchette from
loss and then Christopher Lee's there
and I'm like I thought he was a bad guy
yeah and then there's a bunch of ghosts
and they're there fighting ghosts and
then the devil comes through the sky and
Cate Blanchett turns into a 1980s video
game and she has salt or the best part
of the movie that was a pretty awesome
part but I'm just like yeah no fucking
idea what's going on and then I'm
watching I'm sick
oh yeah there's dwarves in this yes yeah
and and and a Gandalf is is in a metal
cage hanging off a cliff I'm like I
don't know if I'm ending up there I
don't remember I got there I remember
there was a mountain and I remember
Smaug well how could you forget to me
it's hard to forget Smaug and it's hard
to forget that Smaug was a breathing
fire onto the Lake City and he was like
that was a big cliffhanger smokes gonna
fuck everything up and I knew that the
bard was going to shoot a black arrow
and kill the small see I didn't even I
took me a while to get this as you say
you're partially to blame but I'm also
going to blame the lack of interest in
the movies like the lack of memorable
characters or like because I've had no
desire to revisit those first two Hobbit
movies just to watch them again and this
is coming from someone who loves the
Lord of the Rings movies or in
preparation for this so when this movie
starts it literally starts right where
the last one left off so in addition to
this being its own movie it's also we're
watching the ending of the second movie
this whole opening should have been the
ending of the second movie it had a very
lackluster cliffhanger ending but yeah
we're seeing the bow man the bar what is
it the bar does that really call yeah
but that you see him
I completely forgot who he was I was
like oh that's that guy that was in the
last movie why is Gandalf in a cage I
just I cared so little about what was
going on in the previous two movies I I
don't even know if I could tell you the
characteristics of most of the
characters in these Hobbit movies I
think it's because the bigger more epic
story was told first and
this watching these three movies the
problem is is that it doesn't feel like
there's there's that much at stake and
it doesn't feel like there's that that
cent centricity where it's like with the
the Lord of the Rings movies it's like
the the eye in the sky the whatever
Saruman Sarang Sarang
um and it's like there's this big evil
force and we all gotta rally together to
stop it and it was more clear yes well
it's clear and there's like I said
there's more at stake with this like
over half a movie is just one long
battle sequence but it's just a bunch of
groups of people right like fighting
over gold in the Lord of the Rings
movies like they're fighting for the
fate of the world yeah I don't care
about these these dwarfs and their gold
I was more interested in the bard
character yeah his his storyline as
opposed to every now and then you'd see
like like Bilbo Baggins going like this
behind characters and that's his role
this whole movie is yeah hey what are
you guys up to Smaug gets killed and
then it's like okay everyone was scared
of this big fucking dragon no one wanted
to touch that mountain now that Smaug is
dead it's filled with gold here comes
everybody I think that's what the plot
was yes although I don't I don't know
what the orcs were doing why does it
work Swan gold I don't know and then and
then ever everyone kept going whoa yeah
there should be it should be a drinking
game because every time they say were
Legolas and Kate from Lost
we're they good like let's go you know
and and observe the kingdom somewhere
and and then like like bats flew out
yeah and then he sees and she's like
what a doll he's like they're bats and
that only means one thing they're bats
of war
these bats are bred for one purpose
all the armies fight but nobody goes in
the mountain to get the gold that they
have to fight they have to have war
before they go in to get me gold it's
weird because the first two movies like
I think our biggest complaints were that
there's so many subplots and so many so
much added bloated shit and this movie
there's almost too little going on
there's not enough to support a whole
movie that's which is why the battle
just is like endless I remember the
Hobbit book being a magical little
venture about a hobbit who finds a ring
and a frog that wants to take it take it
from and and in this it's like I don't
know what's going on and the they I
think when the devil came through the
sky with the laser beams and the good
the ghosts yeah I think that was Sauron
yes and then constantly cate blanchett
banished him into the nether regions yes
and then Christopher Lee says I'm gonna
go talk to Sauron myself yes which is a
bleed into the movies
leave Sauron to me and that's that's the
the big thing is like as much as I love
the Lord of the Rings movies even the
ending of this which I won't give away
too much but it is a nice tie-in with
the first Lord of the Rings movie like
no emotion for me
not even like a tingle of nostalgia I
just I watched this movie completely
distant yeah there is a little
disconnect between the emotional
connection with with the characters now
I felt the emotion being put on me I
know what they were going for but I
don't care about any of these people
yeah the Lord of the Rings movies very
distinct characters very memorable
characters o sucker for some sappy
Howard Shore music okay the guy warms
warms the cockles of my heart and I was
like oh you know this character died
that character died but really it was
really bizarre when Bilbo dumb spoilers
no spoilers I'm sorry I would say out of
the three it's the best which isn't
saying a whole lot I see I can't
remember the this one felt the most like
if you eliminated the dumb love triangle
subplot was Kate from lost and little
dwarf and Legolas eliminated that cut
off the opening with the resolution of
Smaug subplot it would be almost like
just a standalone fantasy adventure film
about all these people fighting over
gold and it kind of works for as far as
that goes
you started this we'll forgive me
when faced with death what can anyone do
others fight our battles for us what's
weird is that we've reached a point
where you can watch a movie that's this
grand and scale and just be like man cuz
this is I mean it's its quality
filmmaking
you know that's its Peter Jackson knows
how to make a movie he doesn't know how
to edit himself down but he knows how to
make a movie and it's it's got a lot of
good action in it it's got you know
characters have arcs all the stuff that
a movie should have but there is that
disconnect at this point yeah you really
need that you really need that
investment you need that I'm really
fearing I would have liked the whole
movie to be about killing Smaug like
watching that town burn and you know
surely that was exciting that opening
yeah like all that stuff was great and
you know the the Oakenshield going mad
and uh met dragon disease whatever that
was was the mean yeah his is greed I
guess so it's kind of similar to the the
Ring of Power kind of messing with the
brain um until the movie didn't require
him to do that anymore and then he just
stopped being an asshole and then you
know you're sort of making that decision
do I stop here but he's getting away on
me I don't know I don't know how much of
it is just him feeling like oh we're
making these I better make it epic so it
it bounces out with lower the Rings I
mean I know originally it was only
supposed to be two movies originally he
wasn't even supposed to direct it it was
gonna be garel del Toro so I don't know
what changed when garam el del Toro left
and he's like well I guess because he
kind of I think his attitude was like
well I made the Lord of the Rings movies
that's it for me mm-hmm middle-earth
that's it for me garam oh you go make
your movies and then when that fell
through if he almost felt like like it
was more of a burden to make these I
have no idea don't know yeah I mean you
can't it's hard to disregard the the
artistry the effects the costumes
sentence all that stuff and and all the
detail and all the work that goes into
all these action sequences that's worth
pointing out because I've heard some
people compared The Hobbit movies to the
Star Wars prequels and I don't see that
at all like this
these Hobbit movies have lots of skirt
problems
and they're bloated but there is clearly
care and craft put into yeah no I I
think that's a very unfair comparison I
mean there are some moments that are
like green screen II and and fakey fake
a little bit but overall you know it's
it's it's amazing it's amazing what
films can do but you just you'd need a
little more a little more vested
interest in what's happening yeah I just
wish that Bilbo had more to do than
watch other people do things yeah yeah I
think Peter Jackson likes the giant
monsters and big battles elements more
than the little Hobbit element yeah
which was I know when the original Lord
of the Rings movies were coming out that
was Roger Ebert's biggest complaints is
that the you know they're about this
little Hobbit and his friends and they
go off on this grand adventure and I
remember him and I don't know if it was
fellowship or two towers or he says that
the Hobbit character is kind of get lost
in the midst of all this bigger these
bigger story elements he should be glad
he's dead yeah I was gonna say I didn't
feel that way about the Lord of the
Rings movies I think everything was
balanced pretty well yeah but this one
the the human elements the the character
of the hobbits kind of gets lost not
kinda he gets completely lost
you have got one question to us
I shall this day
so Jay would you recommend how it's
pedals
if you mate if you made it this far I
guess like I said it's probably the best
of the three we're kind of pretty odd
being pretty cynical about it but it's
it's fine filmmaking good action goes on
too long as far as the action goes but
the movie is two and a half hours long
and it never felt that long because the
story is so straightforward and simple
so yeah I mean if you like the other
movies you're gonna see this as someone
that's a big fan of the Lord of the
Rings movies I don't have any desire to
revisit any of these Hobbit movies ever
again oh I was I was hyped for the first
Talbot movie I saw the little before the
movie came out I saw the Peter Jackson's
little videos behind the scenes videos
that you would post on Facebook and I'd
hear that Hobbit theme music and be like
oh we're heading back to middle-earth
and then you see the movie no I didn't
have quite so much nostalgia for
middle-earth and and and it felt like
backtracking a little to me I was like
the big epic story's been told yeah very
much prequel comparison yeah where it's
like okay I'll watch them and you know
they'll be neat but it feels like the
bigger story's already been told yes I
very much what I would be interested in
revisiting the Hobbit for is to see the
fan at it once this one's out and
blu-ray where they take all three movies
and they cut them down to one movie come
on Topher Grace where are you
grace us with your fan Edit but why do
why why do the orcs even wear armor I
don't know six year old kid can kill
them just going like bitch they go they
spin around and fall down yeah okay they
got all these like massive well the UH
the elves cut him down like butter so
they're really quite useless
so they tried to do a Brady Bunch
reunion but everybody forgot that the
dad was dead oh how embarrassing mr.
blinky you know how to use a computer
damn right I do and I think I figured a
way out of this bottom of the lake
nonsense
Oh how's that well I heard you talking
about bombs earlier so I figured that an
explosion ought to propel the house back
up with a surface but how I posted on my
blog that Kim Jong on is a fat cowardly
murderous pig fucker I figured with that
crippled paranoid slob of the Three
Stooges haircut here's that why he
autumn what oh dear God is that what I
think it is it's working it's working
