Feb 19, 2014
Robocop (2014)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gv2_HTqWFHA
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/436185841774243840
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10203299126184683
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-robocop-2014

oh hi welcome to half in the bag I'm
Jake and I'm Mike who are you talking to
and we just saw the new Robocop
yeah well it's confirmed howard the duck
is still my favorite movie what what
what's wrong with this guy I don't know
but I'm drinking a cherry tini weird
blue man inside a machine
he suffered fourth degree burns over 80%
of his body if he survives he'll be
paralyzed from the waist down confined
to a wheelchair you say you can save him
what does that mean
so Robocop the remake is the new film by
Pablo something and it stars two guys
from cop shows the guy who played
Robocop it was on a series called the
killing and the guy who played the
partner I was on NYPD Blue or NCIS or oh
no he was on PD Bluth like 20 years old
he was on the wire okay
so and they were in this film about
lieutenant Alex Murphy who gets blowed
up by his car and then turned into
Robocop man so what did we all think of
this the the new Robocop so we'll start
with officer Krupke or whatever your
name is
well I saw this video online a couple
months ago some guy watches the Robocop
trailer
and his expression for the whole trailer
is just like this for me it was like
that okay only for two hours Oh
all right J I could have been worse it
was you know as far as remakes go we
were talking about you know the proper
way if a movie is remade even though it
doesn't have to be the best way to do it
is to approach the material from a
completely different angle and this
movie distance itself enough from the
original where I can watch it as its own
movie and sort of judge it as its own
movie and not just constantly be
reminded of the original Robocop and
it's okay so you can you can you can
distance yourself from the original when
you're doing a remake hmm but you're
still gonna have to be compared to it
sure get around we will compare it I'm
sure I discussed this to the original
but I was not through the whole movie I
was not thinking of the original except
for the the moments where they
shoehorned in something from the
original like they did shoehorn in I'd
buy that for a dollar yeah slightly
tweaks wouldn't call that a shoehorn
well it's a line in the movie but it's a
it's a nod that actually took me out of
the movie and every time they do that
with the score - I was surprised to hear
the original Robocop score but it was
used so awkwardly and inappropriately
through the whole the moments that it is
used it does not have as much fun as the
first one which is obvious no idea it's
it's the kind of the humor and the the
life is kind of sucked out of it but
it's fairly slick and competent and does
take the material and do different
things with it which we can't fault it
for yeah
obviously it's taking the Robocop name
which the font and the music yeah just
call this cyborg man obvious reasons
they won't because their name I couldn't
help during the entire movie just
thinking about how much more
entertaining the original Robocop was
see I was engaged enough like now that
it was a good movie or a great movie I
mean it was watchable it was okay but I
wasn't thinking about the original
Robocop that much during it which I
guess is the most you can hope for from
something as bland and generic as those
I thought about it here and there
I liked the original or the first suit
that was the silver Robocop version it
looks and and that was neat and then
when they put the black suit on them and
you know it's like that some of those
things drew me out well the movies sort
of self-reflexive in a lot of ways when
it comes to that that angle of it where
it's done for marketing purposes for
they have like focus groups and stuff
and it's almost like it's a reflecting
on the movie itself the remake itself I
was thinking of the the 21 Jump Street
movie like they do that in that movie
too or it's sort of commenting on itself
well Michael Keaton has a line in this
about and it seems sort of self
referendum people Oh something about
people don't like Bland's like they want
something that will pop and be slick and
new something like dialogue about that
yeah so it you know I'm picturing OCP
being the MGM or whatever studio made
this movie and when I have that feel to
it obviously it's meant to appeal to
everybody it's pg-13 instead of arrr
right well that's that's actually kind
of annoying in the movie the the talk of
the sort of self reflexive stuff about
like demographics and marketing and all
that because it's like okay you're aware
of that of that angle of remaking this
movie so instead of just commenting on
the fact that you're doing that you're
just like throw into it just make your
own movies and yeah it's it's almost
like it's sort of like yeah like trying
to be clever but it's not really clever
like by commenting on the fact that
you're a bland generic remake you know
yeah this this takes of the original
elements
it's like someone said oh that's Robocop
thing it's great it's going to have
action in it it has these robots it has
the wife and child it has this human
element and they took all those things
and they they just flattened them with
an iron yeah read them out over the
movie yeah I guess I felt more for this
Robocop than I did for the original one
but that wasn't the point of the
original right well and that's the nice
thing with the new one is that they're
trying to go for a different angle with
that like it's almost for the first half
of the movie it's almost an inverse of
Robocop Sark from the original movie
where he starts off when he's in the
Robocop suit he's more human and they
slowly take his humanity away
make them more practical to make them
look let's go with black
when the machine fights leave system
releases signals into Alex's raining
making him sick he's in control but he's
not it's the illusion of free will
first Robocop original Robocop was very
satirical yes as we discussed in our
Robocop episode I saw lots of signs of
that sort of social satire in this you
guys get that well it's not presented as
satire in this it's presented more
grounded it's very grounded but there's
those elements sure that mean there's
the the what is it called like Novak the
note that no exact element or something
no element it which is which is I think
aping off the O'Reilly Factor and yes
it's clearly see Fox News and so there's
that there's that element and where you
have this the the public opinion and you
have politics and how cable TV news runs
things or or shapes public opinion now
and then you have like I saw the Michael
Keaton character as more of like like a
Bill Gates type as opposed to soulless
corporate 80s cocaine sonority
businessman I saw more as like the the
tech guys that got out of hand and then
become greedy and corrupt themselves I
didn't like samuel l.jackson on this by
the way it was a very bad TV show host
he's not right for that role and all
those segments just as their own
segments kind of took me out of the
movie every time they showed up because
it didn't felt like not shoehorned in
but it didn't feel like it was
commenting on the world of the movie the
way that the new segments in the
original movie did well that's what
their attempt was to sort of come up
with a style similar to that it was but
it didn't work in this case
I look forward to the new segments in
the original movie and here there is
like they are at least they are kind of
taking that angle like the this sort of
worldview and updating it right now it
is in the world like people are very
very divided in opinions and yeah it's
more about like passing bills and then
the news commenting on that so there are
those elements but there's no like bite
to it they're not presented like I said
they're not presented satirically so
much as they are presented in a way
where they're supposed to be kind of
realistic not humorous satire right and
they're really not terribly fun to watch
no but you have those element
that are that are present and the first
one like never said politics news of
cameras everywhere like just digital
technology like instantaneous technology
is incorporated into his like police
work as opposed to the first one the
first one predicted DVDs and he stuck a
little thing into a thing and got
information right but now it's like like
much faster which actually lights I like
that the him scenes a guy in a crowd and
immediately like pinpointing what crimes
he's committed and arresting him right
there like I was ok with that
yeah so it's not humorous but it's still
somewhat there it's more commentary than
satire sure every everything in the the
first Robocop is exaggerated this
this isn't exaggerated they're trying to
say something yeah in a different way
it's the same theme as the first one
soulless money-grubbing businessmen try
and turn man into machine and make
profits from it essentially I can't be
too hard on the new I know I think
people before the new Robocop came out
everybody wanted to hate it and was
expecting to hate it and I can't really
hate it like it's ok Robocop creation
and training stuff and all that was more
interesting to me in this one yes they
brush over in the original because
that's a very brushed off it's not what
the original is about right but yeah
talking about his brain and them
operating on his brain and then when
they show him deconstructed when it's
just his lungs in the tank and it's kind
of creepy and then all that stuff I
liked um him solving the police
corruption subplot and killing the
Terrence body girl in all of the Robocop
stuff was boring it fell flat yeah there
was one action scene that the idea of it
was kind of cool but actually watching
it was sort of headache-inducing where
it's a shootout that's completely in the
dark oh and it's just lit by the muzzle
flashes which that alone might have been
interesting but on top of that they're
also showing like Robocop's infrared
vision and there's some other wait was
executed so it's cutting between all
these different things it's like choose
one and stick with that and yeah one of
those would have been neat that's like
the POV stuff with the shooting
videogame s yeah all the action in this
was kind of flat I was fine with that
scene though it doesn't work about the
cop subplot is none of the characters
are interesting the villain is so
fucking bland I am the bad guy I don't
want to kill a cop but I might have to
you need to speak to your son the wife
and child subplot was very modern movie
Generico to me it's like like perfect
looking family all the wife does is cry
at home the whole movie yeah ii liked
her crying and a little boy is just
perfect and he's daddy and and they have
no charm or character to them they're
just like stock wife and child care yeah
as I couldn't really pull for him or get
behind his characters they were bland
but to me the the angle of it of him
being kept from her and I was okay with
that because at least it was a different
angle than the original movie they don't
even establish the relationship is being
that great beforehand and just they just
have dinner yeah right she doesn't seem
particularly happy the marriage didn't
seem particularly happy just we're gonna
have dinner I was really hoping for
somebody to go to bed I was really
hoping for some unintentional comedy
when Robocop goes home for the first
time I was like picturing him like
awkwardly walking through the house but
they didn't execute in a way that made
it funny so what do we do now can you
eat dinner
no okay sits down in the chair and it
breaks a table it's something to give
the movie a little life would have been
good yeah and then that take it quite so
seriously but maybe that was their
intention hmm but yeah if you beefed up
Murphy and the wife and the son ahead of
time and cut out some of the tail end
stuff yeah and also was it really the
best time to download a gigantic
database of information yeah they're out
there waiting what is he gonna be done
downloading this information some some
experimental procedure that you don't
know what the hell's gonna happen and
this thing that you don't know what the
hell it's gonna do yeah I was I was I
thought that part was funny and in
relation did that setting up the wife in
his family situation they also didn't
really set up Detroit like it looks like
nice future city but then at one point
there's a
and about how it's the most crime-ridden
city in the US and it's like it is like
there's nothing like that in this movie
yeah there's no sort of setting in in
order to establish that you would need
to have violence and they couldn't have
violence in this movie because it had to
be pg-13 yeah I mean you don't have to
show like people getting their heads
blown off but just something that's
there we have to be graphic but there
needs to be violence and blood you you
have to establish was it disagree I
don't think it needs to be graphic but
you do you just need some sort of
sentiment to show a couple of people
standing around a garbage can on fire
going like this and then yeah spray
paint everywhere our buildings not good
you know have not done that
Detroit's become a crime-ridden City
crimes up 600 percent yeah yeah and
people on the news going oh yeah I don't
have anything am I they broke it to my
house something as opposed to absolutely
nothing that would be too fun
okay I got very like dark night vibes
from this movie oh yeah especially when
he's on his little motorcycle
motorcycles of the black armored body
suit the the presence of Gary Oldman the
constant score like I was like it felt
dark night issue to me and I guess it
that the the resonance of the dark night
is still still still being so happening
we haven't gone past that I take rubble
cop now and twist it a little darker
when a movie makes 500 million dollars
domestically they're gonna be a ping
that one for decades oh that's true yeah
why don't we why don't we get a new
movie that other movies try to ape they
trying to make it it was called
rich did you approve of the use of 80209
I don't even know why they bothered
calling it the ed-209 because people
recognize I know I was really I was
really worried cuz I saw before seeing
the movie I saw the clip of Robocop
flipping around I'm the two ed-209 sand
it's like oh this is gonna be horrible
but in the context of the movie it
didn't bother me that much like cuz I
wasn't you know I wasn't thinking like
oh they're ruining ed-209 from the
original and so that's that's the most
outlandish scene in the movie it is
there's not a lot of other parts like
that so I mean I was afraid every action
scene would be over-the-top
Robocop doing jump flips on a flying
airplanes yeah it was lighting down a
building all of the action scenes were
fairly grody I was gonna get all star
trek into darkness didn't with Spock
beating someone in the face flying
hovercraft that's a good that's a good
point to make is that the the action
wasn't excessive or unnecessary most of
the time um they go to an old warehouse
in China to do a test run we're shooting
other robot Robocop's or previous models
robos robonoids police the droids yeah
and the Jackie Earle Haley character
that is there and there's a sets up
their little antagonism their conflict
conflict whatever and then a couple of
the scenes where he goes on starts
busting crime there's that segment and
that's fine and then he's got to get to
the rooftop to stop the bad guy he's got
to get past the droids fine no it was
fine except for the ed-209 I like the
the action scenes in the movie hmm
say the action was my least favorite
part it just didn't do anything for him
it doesn't do anything for you because
there's not really a strong story
element like like like the bad guy is so
generic first one it's Terrance Potter
is the real not the real bad guy but
he's the big one
someone you hate
just gave me my fucking phone call the
OCP guys are the bad guys pulling the
strings and at the end Robocop you know
takes care of them too but you really
want to get Terrance Potter he's a real
asshole
and he goes out in a blaze of glory and
and you and this one it's like okay I
started to feel a little like oh you
know Alex Murphy his brain got messed up
and now he's back and he's gonna go
after the guy and he wasn't it wasn't
that loathsome you didn't he wasn't such
a big prick yeah turns Barger you didn't
really care either way right right and
he could have at the end Robocop could
have could have just shot him and killed
him or he could have arrested him and I
wouldn't have had any reaction like it
from the original Robocop if Clarence
Boddicker was just arrested not
violently killed I would have been
disappointed yeah yeah and this one like
Michael Keaton is guy in a turtleneck
and sport coat and I gotta make my money
go get him you have to get him before
before the helicopter takes off I guess
yells lies to the press he's not holding
your family hostage but they're just
kind of there he threatened the idea of
threatening them with a gun and that was
kind of it it's like maybe I'll decide
to shoot them but I probably won't oh no
I really fear for know that kind of sums
up the whole movie I guess
somehow he's overriding the system's
priorities
we'll always be present compassion here
instinct they will always interfere with
the system
so overall Mike would you recommend
Robocop 2014 you know I I think I would
I think I would um if you go in as
cyborg action man the movie it's
entertaining it's slick it's well done
it's it has a good easy-to-follow
storyline the action is fine it again
like most people are saying it's it's
like a 50/50 split on it because it
doesn't have that bite that sarcasm that
comedy that the first one does doesn't
have that element of energy and life and
fun it's interesting to see a different
kind of Robocop movie I think I think
the fact that it's called Robocop has
our heads in a nod yeah if Robocop
didn't exist and this movie was called
cyborgs cop and or something else and we
once saw it we probably be like it was a
pretty good movie I liked it as long as
you don't have a guy in the row behind
you coughing his fucking lungs out the
whole movie oh god there's like a phlegm
Factory in the theater that was weird
isn't the theater-going experience
wonderful yeah
he's constantly people coughing and
looking at their phones and talking to
each other yeah so other people around
us seem bored well the guy was just like
he kept telling me what time it was
though he had one of those was giant
galaxy phones I think the phone kept
getting bigger oh that's like every time
he would bring it up it was it was like
inches bigger that's like six o'clock
the weird part is that at one point he
was watching a torrent of Robocop in
front of the street so I found myself
just watching that instead of the movie
I thought I thought it was in the movie
mmm Robocop watch out for that guy with
the cell phone oh there's a guy behind
you coughing a flapjack
Wow Robocop look out but anyway I I I
hate to be so wishy-washy but maybe like
a rental or something I don't know I
wasn't terribly engaged by anything I
was surprised that it was a little
smarter than I was expecting which I
guess when you look about
the other movies released this time of
year that's a plus but just as its own
movie the action didn't do much for me I
didn't get any sense of any sort of
overall arc to the story there's just
lots of little stories going on so it
was okay yeah I found the elements of a
corporation trying to market a product
trying to market robots to as police
officers and to be more interesting than
Robocop yeah and so from that element
you know that's a positive C or C - okay
I had next to no strong reaction to the
movie I didn't hate it either yeah but I
certainly didn't love it dealt with
themes more than I was expecting and I
think if you're going to see just a dumb
action movie I think that's why the guy
in front of me was born so so bored he
kept checking his phone every 10 minutes
and he was like this like this had like
he was bored
noticeably bored and I was not I was
bored during the action parts like I
closed my eyes well yeah the guns are
going off because I don't care and I was
interested in the political elements of
it and and all the business elements I
found that more interesting so yeah
that's weird
you're coming with me
so the CGT on the robot hands playing
the guitar and the one scene in the
movie I thought that looked really great
that was all CG that was all CG even the
guitar was CG oh my god that looks so
fucking good the guy who did that should
really be given a raise yeah that's the
problem what's that smell oh that's the
dead body in the back oh I forgot about
the dead body in the back
oh why I'm supposed to be here to check
