May 23, 2014
Godzilla (98) and Godzilla (2014)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwe8XDVcw_0
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/469820869309526017
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152147364372634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-godzilla-98-and-godzilla-2014

Half in the bag.
I put pizza rolls in my VCR so I could watch them on TV, but it didn't work.
oh hi and welcome to half in the bag I'm
Jay and I'm Mike and we just saw the
American Godzilla both of them you're
not fooling anybody when you say that
what happened was a natural disaster
you're lying it was not an earthquake it
wasn't a typhoon because what's really
happening is that you're hiding
something out there
summer movie season is officially on and
you know what that means it's time for
another attempt at an American Godzilla
movie this one is in the more capable
hands of some guy who made another movie
instead of roland emmerich who's never
made a real movie this Godzilla is
pretty much what you'd expect it stars
people who are involved with the plot
Jay I know you were anticipating this
new Godzilla film for quite some time
based on its awesome trailer yes yes um
what did you think of can we get this
out of here
what did you think of Godzilla I didn't
like it really I would call it a
disappointment cuz I was really looking
forward to it based on the I don't think
I saw the full trailer but the teaser
trailer was great and based on the the
director's previous movie I felt like
the material was in capable hands and I
think from a directing standpoint in the
visual standpoint it was but well I
think it's safe to say it's better than
the Roland Emmerich movie I don't think
anyone would disagree with that but all
the human elements of this movie
ironically enough felt very roland
emmerich II to me I know many of you
have family and loved ones still in the
city
and that you want to help them well this
is your chance
while watching this movie I began to
think about such things and we hate Ron
Emmerich movies for that exact reason
and this did have a couple of little
groaner moments in terms of dialogue and
plot but I'm sitting there thinking like
okay I would like to see a Godzilla
movie that stars nothing but nameless
scientists in a laboratory yelling about
how to stop Godzilla that's never going
to happen it's never going to happen in
a Hollywood movie you have to have that
human connection there wasn't a wacky
side character you know acting stupid no
one said dumb lines like the Godzilla 98
is just terrible it's like a cartoon
show we should point out we rewatched
the 98 godzilla with our friend rich
evans because he had never seen it
before and he just thought it was the
best
but yeah I agree with that I in
rewatching that Godzilla the roland
emmerich one like I'd forgotten that
every single character in the entire
movie is the comedy relief you can't
have a movie populated with nothing but
like comics side characters or
characters that act like they're on
friends yeah nobody was scared and that
entire boo yeah yeah
don't you think we have enough already
that's good for me
so I understand that with this new one
but like did the characters have to be
written so boring what is Elizabeth
Olsen what is her character in this
movie she's she works in a hospital and
everybody ends up all the the husband
the wife and the kid they all end up
directly in the path of Godzilla at
every perfect moment it was all just too
convenient
you keep telling everybody that this
place is a Death Zone but it's not
you're lying because what's really
happening is that you're hiding
something out there I liked Bryan
Cranston in this I think of probably a
common complaint about this will be that
he's not in it more movie suffered from
a severe lack of Bryan cranes because he
not only is a really great actor but his
character was interesting more so than
the Sun and so the point in the movie
when I realized that we were gonna shift
focus from him to this boring-ass
character played by kick-ass was I was
like oh no like do we really have to go
through this again like just going
through the motions well first of all
I'm sorry to interrupt first of all
let's talk spoilers here yeah this whole
thing is gonna be spoilers although the
fact that Bryan Cranston gets killed
very quickly into the film it's not
necessarily spoiler cuz it's given away
in the credits at least for me it was oh
yeah I was like Bryan Cranston you know
I'm a big Breaking Bad fan you have
started to watch it I've seen the first
season that's really good oh my god much
brother it's it's it's basically the
best thing ever
you're goddamn right and Bryan Cranston
like I don't know maybe I have a man
crush on Bryan Cranston that's that's
okay he's so awesome he'll always be Tim
Watley the dentist from Seinfeld to me
oh she's over dr. Sussman's office yeah
we find it fun to swap now and then we
where he gasses people and then while
they're under EEMA lusts them it's
wonderful okay anyway um so don't go
watching this movie to see lots of Bryan
Cranston but you're right that I I was
like oh
I'll meet them down there myself put the
safety doors on manual override I cannot
do that keep the doors open my wife is
doing now but when he leaves the movie I
felt like I had nothing to care about
anymore and I did like that's that
storyline that he was the engineer of a
nuclear power plant and then he comes
back and he's trying to figure out the
mystery and why not just keep him alive
Roy look out look out this monster is
crushing everything well he's the only
one with any real sufficient motivation
to be so invested in what's happening
with his wife played by Julia pinoche
for two seconds she dies and it's like I
was that's when I was really like into
the movie and then the minute that's
done because then it's like well first
of all this is also they should call
this movie Cloverfield - featuring a
cameo by Godzilla because he's barely in
it which would be fine if there was the
human elements elements to connect with
it's like the polar opposite of the
directors last movie which is called
monsters which is it's just a basically
a human drama set with this backdrop of
there's giant aliens on earth and
occasionally they will attack cities or
attack wherever you are as just sort of
like in the background and there are
little elements of that in this that I
liked that that was clever like most of
the monster fights early in the movie
you just see him on like the news like
you don't really see what happens I can
see some people being frustrated by that
but I thought it was clever I like that
and then it makes the ending more
satisfying when it's you know all-out
destruction but if you're going to do
that if you're going to tease the
monsters then there has to be something
else interesting happening
the convenience factor - like um Bryan
Cranston's son just happens to grow up
to be in the military and he just
happens to be a bomb disposal yet he has
one very specific skill that they need
later on and apparently he's the only
one in the Navy or the army that can do
it yeah and then his his wife is a nurse
and it was like Aunt May from spider-man
as the nurse in the hospital it's like
it has nothing to do with any like right
and it's like Honolulu is destroyed in
the first part of the movie and he saves
a little boy on a like a train and then
at the end they show Honolulu and it's
like utterly decimated and they pan down
and he's like excuse me this little boy
has lost his parents there sir we have
bigger problems to deal with thousands
of people are dead their cities
destroyed
I'd like a forwarding address from this
little boy so I can get my GI Joe back
it's possible it's radioactive but I'd
like it back anyway the son just happens
to be on the bridge when when Godzilla
shows up and then he just happens to be
on the bus that has the one driver
that's gonna try and get everybody out
of this it was all just so trade but you
know you're dealing with a story that
takes place on a global scale and you
don't want to introduce too many
characters you don't you don't wanna
have too few now and you want them to
interact with the story that's happening
so that's what I'm saying it's it's it's
a challenging story to script to write
and work in all those check marks which
is what we usually complain about yeah
but when it comes to a movie like this I
can kind of understand like the struggle
that they have to go through to write a
script like this because you have to hit
all those checkmarks no can't do a movie
about Japanese scientists in a
laboratory yelling about Godzilla and if
you take it in the other direction you
end up with Roland Emmerich where you
start having the wisecracking sidekick
yeah the wacky cab driver character
who's gonna drive the cab into
Godzilla's mouth you know you don't want
that kind of shit in there but I think
they could have tweaked a couple little
things in this kept bryan cranston
around centered the story around him not
had the sun in there at all
yeah I know you didn't even need them I
don't know well if you're gonna do I
think I would have liked to see in a
movie because basically no one nothing
anyone does in this movie affects what
happens with Godzilla at all they keep
shooting at him and nothing happens and
then he just fights the monsters like
the human characters are completely
pointless so I think I would have rather
seen something that was more dealing
with people that are affected by the
things that are happening rather than
trying to affect what's happening in the
story and failing completely like focus
on a family they're in a town and
Godzilla shows up and how do they deal
with that you knows keep it smaller in
that respect that's too abstract for a
Hollywood
mainstream that those are though is it
yeah yeah it would have been better yeah
but you can't tell a an arthouse
independent family's story well with
Godzilla as the backdrop for the
big-budget Godzilla movie the big the
big cows eating popcorn I'm not gonna
like you'll like that but are they gonna
like kick ass just be incredibly boring
yes cuz he's the demolitions expert I
need to know how to put the bomb off as
I'm just so tired of those storylines
let's talk about the moms let's talk
about the monsters what do you think
about the monsters uh that's in talking
about the monsters we can talk about
this too I remember we were saying this
after the movie it's sort of a catch-22
you want to do like I can see people
especially the end of the movie the last
20 minutes just Godzilla stomping the
city fighting monsters it's so great but
it's like it's it's if you ever wanted
to see a realistic Godzilla movie like
this is it as far as the way that stuff
is portrayed but at the same time isn't
the charm of those movies guy in dumb
rubber costume stomping on cardboard
buildings
no I I would give this movie like if you
just want a real simple simple breakdown
I would give it a song like a B b-plus
mainly because of all the monster stuff
the gods there's lots of cool visuals I
really like the shot when Godzilla's
swimming underneath the battleship and
you could kind of see him in the water
there's a lot of cool stuff and the
water displacement I noticed in the 98
won the Godzilla dives into the water
and it's just like splash but did this
one it's just like whatever he does
effects the water around it and knocks
the battleships over and it causes
flooding and all this stuff and those
kind of little touches were nice um and
he shoots fire out of his mouth oh yes
is awesome because all the visuals like
he said are great and it really does a
good job of giving you a sense of scale
and size of these monsters um that's
another thing in the roland emmerich one
it keeps changing size throughout the
movie yeah but this one really I mean he
feels immense and and all the effects
are handled really well
so J Godzilla 2014 yes would you
recommend it I'm really on the fence
it's like it sing it why you got to be a
hater I'm not a hater I wanted to like
this movies it's it's a 50/50 for me
like I would say if you are willing to
put up with a completely uninteresting
story and long stretches of nothing to
care about to get to these genuinely
awesome monster fights it's worth seen
definitely in the theater I'm gonna go
with a recommendation on this because it
is a very well made movie it's not
stupid
the monster stuffs great especially if
you like Godzilla or even of a passing
interest in guns oh yeah if they had
beefed up the human element made ohm or
less hokey in certain aspects it would
have been a really great movie it's a
good summer movie that's not that
doesn't nausea - I was thinking of Man
of Steel and just be like oh god when
does it stop I didn't feel that way
during the monster fights I was like ooh
you know there's a fair amount of
destruction but it feels like it has
some weight to it yeah and it feels like
it has a purpose because Godzilla movies
are about creatures destroying cities
right Superman shouldn't destroy cities
directly or indirectly Mike everyone
destroys cities now that's every movie
so that only in cinemas
well in addition to seeing the 2014
Godzilla we decided it would be a
brilliant idea to rewatch the 1998
Godzilla what's one CGI made dumb easy
when you could do limited dumb you had
to have entertainment built around it
yeah yeah I saw we'll call it 98
Godzilla I saw it in the theater and all
I remember was is that it was raining
the whole movie yeah no no it was
raining that day I saw it in the theater
I don't remember anything about the
movie that was pretty good thanks thanks
pretty yeah thanks yeah I also saw in
the theater and this was a time like
everybody loved Independence Day and
even then I did I was ice like I don't
get it this movie Independence Day is
terrible um and so then this movie came
out from the same director and it's like
I don't want to see that we make popcorn
movies we love popcorn movies when you
have that kind of passion for the films
you make there's a chance that that
passion may become infectious I know
something was terribly wrong with
Stargate mmm I never saw Stargate that
was 94 94 1996 was Independence Day 98
was Godzilla Roland Emmerich takes a
year break in between each film to
recharge his bad the new Godzilla has
its issues but the parts were it needed
to work the things it needed to get
right it got absolutely right this
doesn't get anything right it's it's
really bad really bad as an understand
if this new Godzilla movie does Godzilla
correctly I don't know what the roland
emmerich one was but I think he was
trying to make another Jurassic Park my
whole concept was based on totally
changing conciliar
he's too fast I wanted to start new like
I've like I had the idea for Godzilla
like yesterday and how would you do like
a movie like this today on there's a lot
of clear examples oh yeah that's the
case but it didn't follow the Godzilla
formula at all I'm I don't even know was
Godzilla radioactive and in his in the
roland emmerich one no it's just a big
oh wait no they show nuclear there was
there's some offhand comment about it
but it doesn't have much to do it's just
like yeah just a cheap backstory it's
like there is we made him with oh oh I
know it what it was it was like they
showed lizards crawling around so a
nuclear bomb test mutated and lizards
DNA okay Matthew Broderick's character
was he was the worm expert and actually
joked about that because it starts with
him with headphones on like studying
worms
yeah but Chernobyl right I think don't
you remember just was yesterday forgot
he's at Chernobyl and he's studying were
earthworms and they're getting twice as
big or something like that so the the
military lands a helicopter and they're
like you're an earthworm experts we need
you a Godzilla attacked a fisherman's
boat and we think that it somehow you
could help because you're some guy
studying earthworms so get involved with
this plot yeah but my work here isn't
finished it is now
yeah so Godzilla isn't an ancient
creature I think he's just a like a
komodo dragon or something that got
mutated by radiation and then he shows
up and he has to nest and he picks new
york to nest his eggs for some reason
godzilla should have nested all of his
eggs on some completely remote island
somewhere instead of the most populated
city in the planet go ahead put your
comments on new york technically isn't
the most populated city on the planet
it's this go ahead and write it so then
Matthew Broderick's wife Sarah Jessica
Parker emerges from the water and starts
smashing New York City yes and then
wacky hijinx happen with characters from
friends and then they discover that
Godzilla has made small Raptor
Velociraptor eggs in Madison Square
Garden then they have a wacky scene
where the rental houses well like I said
every character is the comic relief
Matthew Broderick is the nerdy scientist
guy and no one can pronounce his last
name and that's apparently hilarious um
Kathy Griffin shows up as redhead woman
and she makes sexual unone warranted
sexual advances towards Matthew
Broderick yes
she says this is where Ferris Bueller
gets off everyone the entire cast of The
Simpsons shows up for some reason
they're all in this uh Hank Azaria's in
it Harry Shearer and Lisa Simpson
whatever her name or Bart Starr Simpson
Nancy uh Nancy Cartwright yeah I think
your story just walked by the window so
they all show up for some reason maybe
roland emmerich is just a big fan of The
Simpsons you explain why you populated
his movie with cartoon characters I
guess yeah so the entire cast of The
Simpsons is in this movie about Godzilla
and I don't care you don't want to put
hairy sure anywhere near of the voice of
a news reporter yes yeah you're all
you're just gonna think of the symptoms
hello New York today in five will ask
fat Pat
when will is rain in however less dumb
than most Rolla Network movies believe
it or not oh my god I'll go ahead and
make that bold statement okay um so
Godzilla uh uh swims to New York and
then he's tall as a skyscraper but
somehow fits in the sewer system yeah
you were never clear on the scale of
Godzilla but the the army keeps losing
him somehow yeah and then they have a
scene where he's running through the
streets and they have the helicopter
shooting at him for some reason the
helicopters are at the same level as the
buildings around them which doesn't seem
like it'd be very safe but that's what
they do know and then yeah they fire
missiles at Godzilla the missiles move
so slowly that Godzilla just goes like
this
this is lowly leads another way they
blow up the Chrysler Building on
accident
you know you're gonna lure Godzilla
somewhere can't you learn somewhere away
from the city and then and then
shockingly they they say we've got to
keep him on the island
make sure the damn thing doesn't leave
the island yes sir yeah we don't want
him getting out of here it's like you do
want I'm getting out of there
have him go run into the farm belt and
lay his eggs there where there's one
farmhouse every 10 miles yeah
it's setup a densely populated city but
that's their plan and so they'll a big
pile of fish fishes for Godzilla to eat
and then to lure him and shoot him then
when that fails they do the exact same
plan later which causes even more
destruction yeah they'll only different
it's the exact same scene Godzilla's
running through the streets and the
helicopters are shooting at him only now
there's more helicopters
oh no this 15 times more helicopters god
this ridiculous him and I'm night
shyamalan how do they keep making movies
I I'll tell you what it involves a
profit margin well the difference is
roland emmerich movies always make money
M night Shyamalan movies keep failing
but he keeps getting work maybe he gives
really good blowjobs and the suck sense
the whole movie takes place in the rain
so they could conceal how shitty the CG
looks this was only a couple years after
Jurassic Park and I know people bring
this up all the time but the CG in
Jurassic Park still looks good to this
day yeah it's amazing that t-rex looks
flawless and that was from what was a 92
94 94 yeah I think guy but yeah and I'm
there's a part when we were watching the
Scout Zilla we're when they're in
Madison Square Garden and all the
Velociraptor God Godzilla's are running
towards him and I noticed that like the
feet in one part like it didn't look
like they were touching anything it was
just sort of floating there it was all
shiny and ugly and the design of
Godzilla sucks they just wanted to make
generic dinosaur monster
yeah his his um posture is very
Tyrannosaurus Rex and that's clearly
influenced by Jurassic Park it's like
well the dirt the t-rex was the star of
Jurassic Park let's do it bigger yeah
and then what can we do oh let's make
gods oh that's a recognizable title and
and so roland emmerich really wants to
be spielberg but you know what he wants
to make movies with that same sort of
feeling and he is just the worst at it
so Mike would you recommend Godzilla
1998 of course not
do you remember the cartoon there was a
cartoon based on this movie you ever do
Tae Bo pumping 300-yard remember that
fan of the kickboxing Billy Blanks right
possessed yeah yeah I never did Tae Bo
no yeah I didn't either
come on ready now double punch top
attack hey Pump It pump it Pump It pump
it Pump attack hey pump it come on pump
those fish working plummet come
