Jul 19, 2014
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7iK0WAe9ds
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/490232702386585600
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152261614547634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-dawn-of-the-planet-of-the-apes

Half in the bag.
Wait a minute wait where am I
Viet just record Mike I just repaired
that hey have you noticed that it's been
smelling really great in the backroom
lately
what gives well Mike don't you remember
mr. Plunkett moved out a week ago oh
that's right
the government rebuilt his house after
illegally demolishing it to make room
for a freeway that's right Mike hey your
brain remembers things drink a
lightning-fast VCR repair yeah lady can
you fix my VCR well that's what we do at
lightning-fast VCR repair shut up and
put the fat-fuck on the phone customer
service you lousy prick I'm sorry who
beck greasy hard motherfucker who looks
like he fell out of a horse Oh Mike it's
for you hmm
okay how the fuck can I help you yeah
that's me mr. Plunkett I'm bad
I need you to come over to my brand new
old house that they just fucking go and
I want you to fix my goddamn useless
piece of shit VCR again your fucking VCR
well it's not my goddamn fault you're
such a fuckin incompetent prick when it
comes to fixing shit there fuck you fuck
you too we'll be buying a little bit you
fuck good I'll get back to work
I still want my VCR fixed I know we've
had some setbacks but I want to watch my
nightcore tape sometime before I die
alright sir can you tell us where the
VCR is located you forgot it's right
over there where it always is oh my fuck
so you mean to tell me that the
government took the time to reassemble
your entire house from pulverized debris
but they couldn't just give you a
working VCR and TV exactly as it was
that was the agreement well okay this as
long as you're still willing to give us
$50 an hour to repair it a $500 our our
rate is 500 an hour he forgot the zero
look just fix my VCR I'm going to the
store to buy anal lube a pack of razor
blades and a Bible
when I give back I expect my VCR to be
fixed so I can watch my nightcore tape
while shoving lubed up Bible pages into
my asshole while cutting myself jerking
off to Richard mol good day to you sirs
you like some hand sanitizer yeah do you
have any No Oh Mike I think we have two
options here
yeah we can either forget everything
that we just heard or kill ourselves go
kill ourselves no okay but first let's
talk about dawn of the Planet of the
Apes okay now these are chairs it's been
a while since we've been here I don't
remember okay exactly yeah something
like this well let me slip set this BR
down
and I try to get in this cherry God one
dawn of the Planet of the Apes takes
place ten years after the events of Rise
of the Planet of the Apes in a
post-apocalyptic thankfully James Franco
Ellis world where highly intelligent
Apes live in the woods and moderately
intelligent humans live in a moss
covered back lot a series of wacky
misunderstandings leads the two camps to
wage war on each other
Mike what did you think of dawn of the
Planet of the Apes hated it monkeys
looked fake it sucked
thanks for watching no uh what did you
think of it let me turn back because
your intro was very sassy hmm I thought
it was one of the best movies of the
year not just one of the I had to put a
little asterisk on edge of tomorrow say
best movie I've seen in a while of that
type yes
for me this transcended just summer
action movies blockbuster movies I
thought it was a really really great
movie there's a very smart script yes um
monkeys look fake they look fake as fuck
but um the rest of it was great I agree
I agree and you initially wanted to
watch this I could have passed on this
one I did I liked the last one I don't
remember
it's James Franco Ana so I probably
didn't like it well the last one that it
was good but that was the worst parts
about it were the human elements yes and
this one integrated the human characters
and the Apes very well yeah to where you
you liked both sides you understood both
perspectives and that was what was
really strong about this movie was the
conflict there is really good conflict
in the movie you don't see that yeah
that anymore movies yeah it's not good
versus evil it's people versus other not
people or yes but it's just people with
different ideals it was like this
powder-keg the whole time that you're
just sitting on because you know it's
going to come to some kind of violent
conclusion in some way and then I'm
you're it's always like there's this
tension bill
everyone's on edge and you know like any
moment he couldn't just explode and I
think it's just it almost reminded me
like a classic Star Trek concept where
it's like an analogy for just human
human interaction or human conflict yeah
that's what I was thinking about
watching it was that it's it feels like
the the best not just sci-fi but horror
any sort of genre like the best of those
where they're using this premise as a
way to sort of examine humanity and
exactly we we would handle a situation
like that if it were real yeah and then
there's the different elements of
humanity that and and even in the ape
culture it basically said that we're not
the bad guys they're not the bad guys
but elements or choices we make can
become the bad parts of our society like
even the main villain um his name was
Rob Lobos Lobos Cobos koba koba koba
Cabana Kovac Cabana was the villain um
there there was an evil a much like the
the scar from The Lion King who is the
the lion that's gray and D saturated
with a giant scar on his face and he's
the bad guy yeah this one they had a
similar character who his name was
Copacabana and he had a scar on his face
and his motivation was I don't trust
humans because I was in cage and I was
tested on as an animal find motivation
everyone has their motivation yes
and then there was there's parallels
between Caesar and he get his wife and
he had his child the the doctor
character played by felicity Keri
Russell she had a daughter who died
everyone has their own personal like
struggles that they've overcome and it
all comes together in this like two
societies trying to survive there's a
lot going on and a lot of you mentioned
parallels between the two the whole
thing is sort of a parallel between the
humans and the Apes because there's also
the the Gary Oldman character and the
the Copacabana character is sort of the
the ape version of him yeah I saw I saw
the coppa character koba koba koba koba
koba koba character more parallel of the
violent guy that's what I was thinking
early on and that guy subscribe Adobe
gary oldman you see as
sort of he was an ex-military guy you
implied that it's implied that his whole
family was killed or died in the disease
but um and he's a guy who's trying to do
good but in the ultimate and these
becomes too belligerent and murderous
like that other characters so yeah lots
of character arcs lots of things
happening you initially wanted to see
this and I said I don't want to watch
another eight movie the last one was
enough for me and then you you pitched
it to me by saying Mike it's going to be
great apes on horseback with machine
guns you can't go wrong eight Apes on
horseback with machine guns fighting
humans in the post apocalypse which
sounds like the greatest thing ever and
you know what with that premise they
handled it the most tasteful way you
possibly could that was the most
surprising thing to me was how some
somber and thoughtful the movie was it
wasn't an all-out action movie there's
very little action until maybe the
second half but it's still it's more
focused on character and more focused on
on conflict and ideas mmm we both have
families you want to protect yours I
want to protect mine
it's our only chance for peace are you
aware No hey I'm going to turn that we
all know that eventually there will be a
Planet of the Apes and humans will be
subservient to Apes or will be the
equivalency but that that kind of
simplistic sci-fi Twilight Zone s
concept is kind of more drawn-out and
more fleshed out yeah I should say but
when they recap it nicely in the
beginning with the graphics of flight
patterns and the disease being spread
around the world but James Franco
destroyed the whole world essentially
Homs Franco ruins everything James
Franco ruins everything and I don't even
remember the last film I think he he'd
befriended an ape and he was in charge
of trying to come up with a drug to cure
Alzheimer's so they inadvertently
created a disease which they called the
simian disease of the simian flu simian
flu and it wipes out the human
population except for the 1% of people
that are naturally resistant to it yeah
which is our little band of human
survivors which are living in San
Francisco where the other movie took
place and they're basically there's no
one's left and they're trying to get a
dam to power get power to the city so
they discover that Apes Caesar and his
tribe of apes are living in the woods
right near the dam so they have to
confront them and try and form some sort
of like shaky alliance and everyone's
tense on edge they don't trust each
other and then all these other
characters emerge and and all those
scenes do have a lot of tension because
apart early on where the after their
first encounter with the Apes where the
Apes come to the human city and just
completely line up with all these Apes
staring at them and they they're trying
to communicate with him and its really
tense
yeah and the Caesar character he really
has like a struggle to deal with like
he's weighing these options and he's
just say yeah I mean well he's the main
character essentially him and his son
has an arc and I noticed during the end
credits Andy Serkis gets top billing
whoo-hoo and I think that's appropriate
he's he was the best part of the first
movies the best part of this movie and
it really
the human elements are better handled in
this movie but it's still more focused
on the Apes the first 20 minutes of the
movie after that prologue there's no
dialogue it's just focused on the Apes
their way of life hunting all these
things I was worried at first because I
was like watching that and I could see
what they're doing they're setting it up
like oh the Apes living this wonderful
little commune and stuff like then I'm
like now am I supposed to side with the
Apes or the humans and I thought I was
going to have this big problem there
it's like I don't care either side now
Innova and then the humans are going to
be gun nuts while wanting to shoot
everything but really there there's a
couple of bad seeds in the human
population but really like the main
character the the guy who's married to
Carrie Russell and they're actually just
trying to survive and you know like
there's this shadow or cloud looming
over everything where you know neither
of these two groups can live together
it's not going to work out and that kind
of fuels the tension behind the story
yeah you would mention having a concern
that the human characters would be sort
of gun nuts and it would be a typical
like the humans are the bad guys sight
movie and I was thinking about that
there at the whole movie that there's so
many ways that this movie could have
gone wrong the the Apes talking like
that could have been comical the the
moral of the movie or the the conflict
of the movie could be overly simplistic
or preachy I could turn into some
heavy-handed anti-gun message thanks I a
nuclear power like isn't it great that
we live in nature yeah humans should
really return to the age of living in
trees there are so many ways that this
could be overly simplistic or stupid and
it's so well executed I was thinking
about the scene from made by George
Romero oh my god you were thinking play
to the dead I was also thinking of land
of the dead I figured I'd be the oldest
person in the world ever thinking of
land of the dead there was a scene where
they get the power back on I don't know
if you had the same thoughts I was
actually thinking it through the whole
movie
okay yeah cuz they they all hole up in
this big building and then it's the last
of humanity surviving in blah blah but
they turn the power on they finally get
the power on and a guy plays a CD and
they're all like oh my god we probably
haven't heard music and years on
everyone's and people are kind of
celebrating and I'm like this is a
perfect opportunity for a more cynical
approach to this where instead of just
kind of reveling in the fact that they
have power again the humans all start
doing selfish self-absorbed things like
land of the dead yeah where they live in
this building but that there's like rich
white people in like fur coats like
shopping for diamonds and stuff in the
middle of a zombie Holocaust so horribly
simplistic it's a horribly simplistic
and and this it's like it the subtlety
and the intelligence behind it yeah I
was thinking about that too as far as
just the the motivation of every
character mm-hmm because that in the end
of land of the dead zombies are starting
to take over the city and our main
character land of the dead is like just
let him go they're just looking for a
place to live just like us you're like
these are fucking monsters that have
devoured half the people in your city
like why would you suddenly think that
way
sure other than George Romero wants to
hammer in some dumb message mm-hmm it
makes no sense so this is a movie where
everyone has motivation and it all makes
sense and you understand everybody's
point of view yeah if you're looking to
watch a dumb movie with ham-fisted
messages of I don't know anti capitalism
anti whatever whatever that movie was
about yeah you can watch Land of the
Dead the movie sucked
hang it up George you're done you're
gonna get a hunchback wearing glasses
that big Caesar love humans
more than Aves if you threaten his
family he will retaliate don't shoot
all right we're gonna talk a little bit
about spoilers skip to this timecode
sure just a little bit just a tiny bit
tiny bit only to only negatives lots of
positives mm just like edge of tomorrow
we've actually watched some good movies
and it's crazy yeah I was thinking about
watching this and I'm like oh god I'm so
glad like Michael Bay didn't make this
movie just would there was restraint
shown in the action like here comes the
action it's got to happen the apes have
to attack the humans and it was done so
like artfully it was amazing and blunt
and kind of brutal for a pg-13 and there
were some things that happened like when
Cobo wanted he was telling the younger
Apes you know now it's time to murder
humans and then they have to make the
decision then he kills the one ape yeah
the friend of Caesars son
yes throws him off and he's like yeah
and it's like and there's like moral
decisions happening and this like cast
it wasn't just dumb action there's
plenty of dumb action for those that
want it but there's enough good writing
behind it to sustain it and it's it's
perfect blend of summer movie action and
a intelligent script but the end
literally has a confrontation between
our good ape and our bad ape on a
rooftop yeah only negative and and the
fact that it felt a little long towards
the end yeah yeah I'd say in the middle
area I felt like it could have been
trimmed up a little bit but yeah that
end fight I think they may have gotten
that from tear in Beverly Hills where
our hero
puts his gun down and they fistfight
you think so I want to see Caesar doing
this oh you want a drink
it is funny looking at this and looking
up the Tim Burton plan of the apes which
wasn't really that long ago just that
was basically just an updated version of
it was better makeup but it was still
yes an ape makeup yeah see how far we've
come just since that I mean I was 2003 I
think yeah that's 10 years or so but
it's it I I was thinking about that like
during this movie had to keep reminding
myself that this was like a big special
effects movie I just kind of kept
forgetting yeah at no point are you
thinking about the fact that these are
CGI Apes
yeah there's completely odd one because
it's a good story and it's interesting
and the the ape characters are well
acted mm-hmm um you just forget that
you're watching effects yeah yeah that's
so it's pretty seamless couple of things
are in there but tiny things may be very
minor but the the most well-written
complex characters in a movie this
summer or CGI monkeys thanks James
Franco wait he had nothing to do with
that was that hey man
gary oldman gary oldman was great Gary
Oldman's fine where was Morgan Freeman
though he was busy that week he was
doing a voice for some animated
children's at the casting agent just go
do it one Gary a Morgan in this one
who's free I think that's what it comes
down to is who's free but I went great
movie movie uh apes are poppin part two
yeah yeah it might be a little dull for
those that are looking for a
transformers 4 age of extinction type
film well I don't know I was thinking
about that because there was some
younger people in our theater there are
some kids and I was early on I was
wondering if they were bored
oh but at the same time it's a genuinely
engrossing
movie where I think even a kid even
though it's not the most action-packed
thing might be interested in the story
yeah and they don't need to be
distracted by action every 10 minutes
hope for Humanity that there are people
that are still interested in a story I
do there's a tiny little bit a tiny
little glimmer of hope that's still in
me you make a movie with a good story
good characters and you're engaged by
what's happening that it people will
will pay attention to it what are you
doing don't say things um and race
oh my god
we made contact military they're already
on their way
see you have to go go where this I hope
so Jay would you recommend Apes a-poppin
part 2 electric 8 Baloo absolutely I I
don't think I could recommend a movie
board I agree it's one of the best
movies I've seen in a while even though
the subject matter was not super
interesting to me the overall premise
and a conflict that was brought up in
the film was intriguing from a social
level a the anthropological perspective
the the evils of mankind and the evils
of ape kind and on top of all these
these heavy themes and ideas and
characters you also get Apes on horses
with machine guns fighting humans in the
post apocalypse
well Jay I think that was the best movie
discussion that we've ever had probably
not
hey did you notice when we were pulling
up that blinken's house was rebuilt on
the edge of a cliff I did Jay especially
since the address that he gave us was
cliff hmm that's weird I wonder why they
do that don't know you hear that what
what is that sounds like a truck backing
up yeah kind of construction sounds it's
getting louder
they're coming from that direction Oh
God
what is that some kind of a tube oh my
god it smells a little like toxic waste
well this is a dilemma and considering
the fact that Planck its house is on the
edge of a cliff would it be fair to call
the ending of this episode a mystery
