Mar 29, 2014
Cheap Thrills and The Grand Budapest Hotel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWm5AwOP7Gk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/449884511581376513
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10203552726284527
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-cheap-thrills-and-the-grand-budapest-hotel

Half in the bag.
Where's the beef?
come on
hi mr. Rosenblatt's I'm Jay I'm your 3
o'clock appointment ah yes mr. Harry s
plink it versus the City of Milwaukee
mm-hmm and where is mr. planket are you
a relative of his eye no I'm not I'm
just a friend but he said it's ok for me
to deal with this matter he he wrote
this note um I'm afraid I'll have to
speak with mr. Plunkett personally
unless of course you have power of
attorney hmm no I don't
I only have the power of Grayskull I
might bring in mr. Plunkett oh I'm mr.
Plunkett as you can see I'm still alive
and I give carrion mic permission of
attorney
oh I'll sign any paperwork you asked me
to sign oh my glasses fell off I'm
clumsy but I'm still alive
why don't my song lapses tell do we
should he use fucking glue I tried and
it wouldn't stick to the skull to the
exposed riding skin tissue he's had some
difficulties lately we're his caregivers
and uh uh yeah you know he's he's
feeling a bit under the weather recently
he's betting he's looking a little pale
you know it's some of the medication
he's been on sir I've seen weekend at
Bernie's and you are no Andrew McCarthy
that is clearly a dead body and I'm
calling the police
this has been a horrible horrible
failure
don't worry J if we were able to fool
the lawyer into thinking mr. Plunkett
was still alive we could fool the police
too seen any good movies lately
hey gray these guys want to buy on the
ground man I'm Colin this is my wife
violet it's violets birthday today so we
thought we'd go out on the town go crazy
violet and I came up with this idea for
an awesome night what do we have to do
Jever you fellows does this shot first
gets 50 bucks boom wait what Oh me well
wait what cheap thrills is a new black
comedy starring Pat Healy ethan embry
and David Koechner
the IMDB plot keywords for this film
include money bar poop dog killed human
excrement defecating vomit cocaine
murder sex scene and eating ones finger
this essentially sums up the entire film
with barely any other substance Jay what
did you think of cheap thrills and why
did you have me watch this black asshole
laugh did you eat that much well I
didn't know anything about this movie
well that's a great reason to pick I
hadn't seen even a trailer I saw the
poster I was like okay I think I know
what they're going for just with the
tone of the movie just buy the poster so
when I recommended that maybe we do it
it was more because hey let's watch
something different because we haven't
done a half in the bag since the Robocop
remake
we've been busy with other projects but
a big part of the reason for that is
what the fuck are we going to see like
the 300 sequel I didn't see that by the
way it was it was okay I didn't see it
but that's my review of it
uh-huh so is like let's try something
different so I didn't know what I was
getting into with this movie any more
than you did burn off it's good to take
a stab at something something completely
unexpected yeah I applaud your effort
something other than spider-man -
Captain America for Avengers - 302 part
- yeah it's something different right
right um so yeah I watched the movie
started watching it not knowing anything
about it not knowing anything where it
was going how dark it would get any of
that stuff
um but overall I thought it started very
clunky I didn't like the MD and I
thought it was predictable and left a
bad taste in my mouth and then the rest
of the movie I was all over the place as
far as how I felt there are parts of it
I really liked where it felt like it hit
the right kind of tone of being a really
really dark comedy I don't know I think
shock value is completely lost on me now
well I was watching a movie and I was
trying to figure out like what is the
point of this I liked a lot of stuff in
it I liked the performance isn't it a
lot and then the credits came and it
said written by Trent Haaga and I knew
that name that's a guy that used to work
for Troma
and it's playing over the end credits
with an agent orange song and is like oh
they think they're punk rock yeah now I
get it you'll never forget this night
one two three all right
people if you never see us again
you will never forget us I think that's
awesome yeah you know me yeah the film
is very easily and simplistically set up
the same day it's a lot of coincidences
lots of coincidences the same day at
which it which is right off the bat it
felt like a college screenwriting course
yeah script yeah it's like oh you've
lost your job and you're being evicted
on the same day and it's like okay
getting he needs money he goes into a
bar to drink his sorrows away and he
runs into an old friend coincidentally
coincidentally coincidentally David
Koechner and his wife hmm who was played
by a sara paxton um who apparently is a
psychopath of some kind who love loves
plug gets pleasure from seeing other
people get hurt which is set up later in
the film David Koechner is wealthy and
wants to give these guys money to do
horrible things it's her birthday it's
her birthday so it's for their own
entertainment so the film escalates into
depravity and the two main characters
doing horrible things for money and I
don't know if there's any kind of
message to it but well generally that's
the premise yeah that's kind of my
problem with it as I was like by the
time I got to the end there's like what
was I supposed to get out of this like
if the point was to do any sort of like
I don't even know commentary on the
growing divide between the rich and the
poor or something like that but it's so
obvious
like they're doing that are they right
unlike you I did see the trailer for
this hmm as you said we should watch
this movie called cheap thrills I said
okay well what is that looked up the
trailer or watched it and I believe in
the trailer it says from the producers
of your next which if I can diverge for
a moment I want to talk about your necks
okay go for did you see it I love your
next I think it's great it starts off
kind of like dumb and predictable and
you're like what is this and then it
turns
completely into a farce yeah and and
you're like pletely subvert your
expectations yes and you're like wow
this is this is really entertaining and
clever and fun and I saw the same tag
from the producers if you were next and
I'm just like give it a little yeah give
it a little time there's going to be
something more there's going to be a
really good twist yeah but David David
Koechner and his wife those two can't
just be wealthy they can't just be
paying these guys for their own cheap
thrills yeah there has to be another
layer to this that's what I kept waiting
for yeah and it never came
no this money is for us you've got with
it okay
$800 whoever can get inside their house
this is breaking and entering just come
home what we're doing that's Tom cut
your pinky off what said to do whatever
we say I won't knock you up oh cool it
let's rewind well the film actually
stole its storyline from an episode of
The Simpsons oh really
yes um mr. burns pays Homer to be his
amusement assistant mmm and he gives
some cash to do horrible things I'm just
trying to work up the courage - burns
for a race oh wait hey uh I'm trying to
talk to dad about the race today
first week job monkey do I get paid now
where's my money baby made a boom-boom
oh good heavens
oh here you go monkey I like the twist
early on when they decide to rob him I
wish they followed through with that but
then it's sort of like it meanders in
the middle a little and um and yeah it's
kind of up and down as far as those
those aspects are concerned yeah there
was one stretch that that really worked
as a type of black comedy that I like
which is baaad when he Moors where we
doing next Tom cut your pinky off when
he's going to pay him to cut off his
pinky and it's like the two of them the
two main guys like bargaining over who
will do it for you know the least amount
of money and then that whole sequence
where's I gotta cauterize and it's still
the finger isn't cut off all the way and
it's dangling there and I like that that
part of it and I wish the whole movie
kind of had that same sort of tone and
energy
me I guess I'm kind of glad that it
didn't ramp up to stupidity levels like
let's go here and steal a helicopter
yeah whatever so I kept it realistic in
creepy black comedy kind of way but yeah
it it lacked the backing of a really
good of a point of a point and a really
good character arc really good lesson a
really interesting twist yeah that lots
of things I predicted the Undine I was
like I know where this is gonna go um
and and I was hoping it didn't do that I
was hoping it would subvert that in a
way that that kind of makes you cuz I
like feel bad movies I like dark bleak
movies that make you feel like shit when
they're overt so I like lars von trier
but you have to feel like you're getting
something out of that not just dark and
bleak for the its own sake well just to
make you feel miserable without getting
any sort of insight into these
characters or any sort of commentary on
humanity right I think there will there
were a lot of people out there kind of
like the people that like the torture
movies I don't get anything out of
torture movie yeah I get a lot of stuff
out of horror movies if there's a real
good psychological element to it that
really scares you torture movies where
people just go oh there's the other
they're cutting their hands off they're
stabbing them and it's because to me
it's fake
it's a movie there's no psychological
element to it it's just Gore Gore's fun
you know but this I could see a lot of
people just enjoying the gross out
elements to this the shock elements and
yeah and fun with it it's made for the
Troma audiences and there are smarter
better clever more clever coma things um
but this was um I was like okay gotta
let me tell you this no matter how much
money's in that box I'm not sucking his
I can email these to you later
why do you want to be a lobby boy who
wouldn't at the grand Budapest sir and
so my life began jr. lobby boy in
training under the strict command of
Monsieur Gustave H many of the hotels
most valued and distinguished guests
came for him I love you I love you she
was dynamite in the sack by the way she
was 84 mmm the grand Budapest hotel is
the latest film from acclaimed filmmaker
Wes Anderson it stars ray Fiennes and
pretty much everyone else that you've
ever seen in another Wes Anderson movie
hey remember that movie The Secret Life
of Walter Mitty what a hit what does
that have to do with grand Budapest
hotel I don't know I just thought of it
right now the grand Budapest hotel or
hash tag GBH on twitter is about the
adventures and exploits of concierge
Gustave H played by fines and a wacky
murder mystery caper Anderson succeeds
in finding that last genre on earth too
hipster eyes the obscure works of German
author Stefan's like so Mike what did
you think of the grand Budapest hotel
hated it that was a reference to men on
film from in living color circa 1984 I
wasn't even born then
no of course how could you not like Wes
Anderson film um you don't like some Wes
Anderson film via no that's not true
hmm um that's a lie in fact um the only
Wes Anderson film I turned off was the
Royal Tenenbaums I think it was a
particulars Ben Stiller in a red
jumpsuit and two miniature Ben Stiller's
and and it I watched literally five
minutes of it I'm like I don't have the
mental patience for this right now
but all the other Wes Anderson movies um
great of course my favorite of course
life aquatic life aquatic is probably my
favorite too
i really liked our dealing limited all
of them are good and then here's as
obvious it goes without saying his
specific style ya know that's something
that some people complain about though
that he has a style and he does the same
thing every time but
I don't know he's made different types
of movies that you can all tell visually
that they're his movies but you have
like the fantastic mr. Fox which is a
wonderful movie I'm like this movie -
grand Budapest hotel which I liked a lot
as well it's a lot more lighthearted
than his movies there's usually this
undercurrent of melancholy and this
doesn't really have that loveth a little
bit towards the end a little bit but not
like his other movies this is a more
straightforward farce yeah a lot of the
time what I like
he is simulating a genre kind of but um
yeah I would say his movies have become
very stylized to a specific thing that
he does now like I don't remember
earlier movies of his being quite so
specifically say that they feel like
they take place in the real world like
Bottlerocket Rushmore Royal Tenenbaums
after that is when he started to make
science fiction films yeah yeah where he
has it feels like just like a cutout
like you know when I open up a storybook
and it's 3d yeah a pop-up pop-up
storybook it kind of feels like that and
he does all his drawings and um this
rooms next to this room and there's no
logic to it it's like a look at making
something yeah actually this one's
probably more grounded than like life
aquatic is where he really went off the
deep end with like the dope on the
stop-motion sea creatures and stuff like
that and and yeah this is a little more
grounded in reality but it's not except
for the ski chase sequence oh the best
scene in the movie is actually exciting
yeah it's I like the action action in
life aquatic is laughable because it's
shot from super far away and
everything's awkward and that has its
own kind of charm to it but this was
like that was very stylized that ski
chase scene with ray Fiennes and zeroes
the kid's name right his bellhop and
chasing after Willem Dafoe and it's not
meant to look realistic it's
intentionally it's stylistically
designed to be that way where it looks
fake and but it's great it's wonderful
but he can diminish those effects hmm um
she's been murdered and you think I did
it
hey you're looking so well darling you
really are a denim uh sort of cream
they've put on you down at the morgue
but I want some this is Madame DS last
will and testament to this yer Gustave H
I bequeath painting known as Boy with
Apple ah what who's Gustave H I'm afraid
that's me darling
great ray Fiennes is great in the right
fight I don't know what else I've seen
ray finds in honestly I know he's been
around forever he's been running
education I never saw the English
Patient he was in the The Avengers the
first Avengers film with uma Thurman
well if there were one detriment I would
say that Ray fine steals the show so
much that he overshadows all the other
actors pretty much I mean zero good it's
like a kid role in Alice Anderson movie
like the leads in moonrise kingdom where
it almost seems if they were in a
different movie this would come off bad
yeah exactly and and then all the other
Anderson regulars are underused you know
Bill Murray's in it just briefly and and
all the others which is fine but I
always see the Wes Anderson movies on
sambal we should say the movie is sort
of a story within a story within a story
there's there's multiple framing devices
for the main narrative of the movie and
there were shot in different aspect
ratios yeah um which you know little
show-off II but I didn't mind it and I
thought he utilized it well Wes
Anderson's known for the way he framed
shots where he places his actors in the
frame and and condensing it to this this
box I thought he did a good job of kind
of reframing the way he would normally
shoot a scene especially like there's
lots of scenes and elevators like this
confined space like it's good in that
aspect ratio that's a good aspect ratio
although they say that 16 by 9 aspect
ratio is best because it is the the
peripheral view humanized
okay so what you're saying is Wes
Anderson fucked up if he is a horrible
fuckup mmm and a fraud I learned you
have a once laid a finger on my mother's
body living more dead
but with all my friends we need to make
a plan for your survival hi this
it's encode and you might need a
magnifying glass to read it but it tells
you exactly where and how to find boy
with up I'm a faker I'm not a Lynx
that's the time let me ask you this Jay
not what what is there Wes Anderson
backlash like do people just hate him I
don't know if it's backlash I think it
might be people that are sick of his
style because it is a very it's not like
a Woody Allen where his style is almost
no style you just kind of shoots things
and let it tap and let it happen and you
watch his movies and you know you're
watching a Woody Allen movie because of
that his movies are so stylized and
everything is so precise and so detailed
and so mannered and I think that just
turns some people off he develops good
characters and it doesn't feel
completely forced or phony and I wasn't
as emotionally engaged as other Wes
Anderson movies but but this one is is
trying to be more of a light-hearted
farce so you can't fault it for the best
word to describe it charming charming
I was actually this one more than any of
the other ones I was thinking as we were
watching it like this probably is more
accessible than some of his other movies
like I can see this plane to a wider
audience because it is it's more so
jovial and funny than his movies have
been yeah it's it's the dialogues fast
moving things are fast moving you got to
kind of pay attention to keep up yeah
you know it's like but yeah it it's
whimsical and uh you know we're not
bowing to the greatness of Wes Anderson
as you know the savior of cinema or
anything that's oh don't think that III
really liked his movie no that would be
the savior cinema that would be a Brett
Ratner
you can't arrest him simply because he's
a bloody immigrant Oh take your hands
off my lobby boy so Mike would you
recommend the grand Budapest hotel no I
am looking for spider-man
two more action mm-hmm
spider-man fights electro and the lizard
and and I should say that that's and
that's Aunt May part of the reason we
picked the movies we picked to talk
about this week is I was looking at like
I've mentioned the 300 sequel who cares
and I was looking at the movies coming
out over the next few months and this is
a dismal time for movies all the big
movies they all just look like I was
flipping through you know months and
it's like I feel like I've seen this
already right transformers for like I
can't even muster up the energy to want
to see that to make fun of it like I
don't care we've said this before it
just feels like soulless product yeah
and that's the thing is like with
definitely with grand Budapest hotel and
even keep thrills like they feel like
movies made by people as opposed to
something made by a robot or a committee
you know or the bigger movies especially
the ones that are coming out this year
just everything feels so calculated you
know it's weird the the Michael Bay
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle movie comes
out this year comes on in August and
they don't even have so much as a poster
yet maybe movies are gonna be they're
gonna turn into like um you know when
they don't screen movies for critics and
then they come out there in Duncan
they're gonna stop showing trailers for
movies hmm and then your Geritol movies
out now just go see it what if they just
stop making movies and they just have
posters and you pay you to go into the
theater everyone just sits there and
eats popcorn
yeah and plays on their phone for an
hour and a half yeah and then you have
credits roll it's just a blank screen
for an hour and a half and then credits
roll and that's how they know to leave
the theater Hollywood account
love this idea or just um or just a
screen of of white with noise like just
a consistent noise or would you have
like the conclusions of people yelling
like better get in the car you will see
that would take production effort yeah
someone would have to write that yeah
writers Union and they would have to get
paid just white noise and a screen and
for two hours and it would be very
similar to the ending of Man of Steel
yeah sensory overload starts to nauseate
people to the point of vomiting and then
they call it a movie yeah like Man of
Steel or just you know it's just a
sensory overload and then people pay
money it's a place to go eat popcorn and
check your email on your phone yeah yeah
and and you hear loud noise and then
when you leave you say oh great
in fact they'll just start calling
movies numbers no here yeah one six
three eight nine point two no you still
have to have a catchy title oh really
yeah okay have you seen one six nine
eight three point eight hey cuz I have
just fucking off no you still need you
can call it you know a GI Joe
annihilation still come up with titles
that people recognize so Jay would you
recommend Wes Anderson's new film the
grand Budapest hotel no I would not
either spend your money and see 300 rise
of an empire have been questioned by the
authorities yes on one occasion what I
was arrested and tortured by the rebel
militia after the desert uprising right
well you know the drill then is it
gentlemen the police are on their way I
suggest you get that corpse out of my
office this instant but it's not a
corpse it's mr. plain kid and he's still
alive Mike we're not fooling anyone the
truth is sir we were just trying to get
the cash settlement for mr. plinkus
lawsuit his house was unfairly torn down
and then he died eating too many
cheeseburgers
that's right j+ he lived in our VCR
repair shop for a whole week and he
smelled real bad so we feel that we
deserve all this money you two don't
deserve diddly squat watts you fools
I've been alive this whole time my
identical twin brother Barry ASP Lincoln
kidnapped me from the bingo hall months
ago and stole my identity in an attempt
to get my money
but then he accidentally died eating
cheeseburgers I guess I just escaped
from his basement where he had me tied
up please don't point out the irony in
this matter
well the real mr. Plunkett I'm glad
you're here so I can finally close this
case the City of Milwaukee is prepared
to offer you 1.6 million dollars in
restitution for the loss of your
historic house oh it sounds great but I
think I'd like to go with our second
option oh my god what is the second
option the city has offered to
completely rebuild mr. plinkus house
from scratch all the debris reassembled
but in a different location what they
estimate this will cost 1.5 million
dollars which is cost beneficial to the
taxpayers so they're pushing for that
one minute no mr. blanket no don't do
that no that's a terrible idea with 1.6
million dollars you could buy a
brand-new home and have tons of money
left over ah you boys just don't
understand I've got a lot of great
memories associated what that house it's
a place where I was born 100 years ago
why it's the house I lived in with my
sweet wife until she died in 1933 she's
buried in the backyard
oh I forgot well now I guess he's buried
under the freeway whoops but that place
is a part of me and I want it back no
matter the cost or the logic great great
now do me a favor and get that dead
fucking body out of my office
I'm sorry oh shit
can you go you get it through here what
get him to help
this is his fatherís mud what's wrong
you guy can get the body what are you
doing with my fucking brother here I get
him out I'm trying I'm stuck well the
chairs stop it
let's drop them on the floor random body
thank you
his pants are falling down this is
graceful already get him in the church
it's a miniature I'll take the
wheelchair out separately put the corpse
in the chair and then wouldn't get the
whole thing all at once what are you
doing he's had forget his hat Junior
listen listen Oh where's the skull not
all his clothes and come off now all of
his clothes this is just miraculous
where does this arm go oh god sorry
Uyghur put her arm on my brother would
it be all right if we left him here
no all right I figure I ask all of the
door shut tryna get this card I'll get
the door
merchants get that give that shirt oh
boy yeah okay okay I got it three I got
it right okay
here listen I can't reach that I can't
get past this church I'm gonna toss him
alright here we go here we go oh I'm
sorry I'm really I got poor aim to start
a fire will cremate him well cremate him
right now that's awesome to me I'll get
him out here come okay ah he's so heavy
help I'm trapped under my dead Jay this
is becoming a fire it's really oh my god
mr. Lincoln mr. blanket get up I'm not
going to attempt to talk
