Sep 23, 2014
2014 Movie Catch-up (Part 1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfGFcokeLFs
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/514430028734414848
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152394191832634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-2014-movie-catch-up-part-1-of-2

Half in the bag.
I'm trying to find my
flashlight with the flashlight all right
got it all duct-taped up no more deadly
gas is coming into this house Jay oh
thank God cuz I was legally dead for six
minutes me too
but I wish it was longer at least now we
don't have to worry about this place
getting all stinky hmm hey speaking of
stinky let's talk about all the films
that we saw this year okay what do you
have there oh why it's it's a bottle
opener high-quality bottle opener yeah
see that it worked and everything oh
this has some writing on it but that's
inconsequential share well Mike we
haven't talked about movies for a little
while why why is that cuz we haven't
seen any good ones cuz we haven't seen
anything there's been ugly there's what
like a dry spell these last few weeks
the only thing that would maybe be a
half in the bag type movie would be Sin
City - I saw the trailer for that and I
was like I don't care yeah apparently no
one else did either yeah I was a big old
flop well I think it's the first one
it's like you see that you know it's I
like the first one a lot and it's got
this really distinct visual style but
now we've seen that I have no interest
in revisiting that world plus there was
those similar looking style films oh
this spirits a spirit but and too little
too late is what I was saying yeah a
little bit late like a couple years
later they could have done a sequel but
28 years later all the late and plus it
looked worse than the first one in terms
of it look cheaper was it directed by
Robert Rodriguez it was he turns out
movies in his garage over a weekend now
and they all look like crap have you
seen Sharkboy and Lavagirl know that hit
film I
a lava Blaine shark girl though Oh weird
was that the asylum version is the
asylum version yeah
now it's lava girl in sharknado boy as a
next one that's coming out pretty soon I
think Robert Rodriguez is going to be
directing movies for the asylum
I think after so many failed films he's
going to end up in an asylum see what I
did that was great that was that was it
was it's top-notch humor is what that
was well we still don't have any movies
to see unless you're eagerly awaiting
Kevin Smith's film tusks which I don't
think anybody is but so let's talk about
some movies that we've seen over the
last year that we have not talked about
on half in the bag the first one is
called blue ruin
I apologize for the mystery he's going
to be released it's an awful thing you
did to them I want to say it's kind of
like a deconstruction of typical revenge
movies which those are really popular
right now like Liam Neeson stars in five
revenge movies a year he's always out to
avenge his daughter
those aren't movies is that just as his
life those DNA seems like he films that
come out about Liam Neeson are there
it's called the ongoing biography series
oh it's like the 7up series right yeah
so it's basically like that's what
happened last year in Liam Neeson's life
when is he going to exact revenge on
George Lucas whenever they invent a
lightsaber well Liam Neeson is not in
this movie the blue ruin is it takes a
lot of the elements of revenge movies
and plays them as if they would happen
to a normal person not an action hero
not a Liam Neeson type a guy who maybe
has the passion for revenge but not any
skill whatsoever but it's not played as
a comedy it's very understated our hero
was introduced as a homeless man with a
big shaggy beard who's digging through
the garbage because he hasn't been able
to move on with his life since the the
his loved ones were killed and also it's
different than most movies as the people
that were killed are his parents it's
not like his wife's been kidnapped his
daughter's been killed or anything it's
his parents so he's been sort of stuck
in this kind of like arrested adolescent
state he's very quiet very vulnerable
and he fucks a lot of things up and his
attempts to to get revenge okay and it's
really great Oh
missed from 2-yards I'm switching you to
buckshot a lot of it lies on the
shoulders of the lead actor who I was
completely unfamiliar with but he's very
very expressive eyes very vulnerable and
a really good performance the guy who
wrote and directed it and the guy who
started it are like childhood friends
they've been making movies since they
were little kids oh I think my childhood
friends of yours no I do not know either
of them I was like what is this some
kind of plug oh they made one previous
movie to this called murder party and I
watched that afterwards because I liked
blue ruin so much and it's a different
type of movie it's a horror comedy thing
but the lead actor from blue ruin is
also in that in a comedic role and it's
also really good so didn't come out this
year but I would also recommend it and
it takes place on Halloween so it's a
good toluene movie are these like
low-budget movies a lower budget yeah
yeah tiny crews we're not where they
look like real movies this is one of the
best looking movies I've seen all year
okay it's it's shot gorgeous it looks
great
and all the performances are really good
really good good sometimes you rent some
of those stinkers from the red box oh
yes and and you put it in in the the da
ba da player mm-hm and then you add the
first frame that comes on it looks like
like cheap video and you just shut it
off immediately
you know it's a good-looking movie a
movie we both saw called enemy yes
starring Jake Gyllenhaal II you don't go
to the movies do you I don't I don't go
out that much is there a reason why
you're asking me is you know maybe you
had a recommendation Wow it's it's
another way to film it's a yeah it's
it's probably my favorite movie of the
year if you don't want to give too much
away it's it's not a literal movie it's
like it's very abstract but you can
still follow what's happening if that
makes sense which is kind of what my
favorite movies do where there's sort of
a balance between abstracts or elements
but still having a story to connect with
well you know me I'm I'm a big fan of
structure my movies I like to know
exactly what's happening but then there
is another side of me that likes the
surreal and the slow-moving you know the
in this movie it's as long as it's
engaging yeah if it becomes frustrating
the surreal or it's like I know it's
happening and like I yeah some of these
kind of fall off the deep end they're
this like you said give gives you that
perfect balance of like wow this is such
a such a different take on reality it's
so engaging and like you one thing leads
to this and this that and you're like
you're really following what's happening
and the movie looks great it's very drab
it's it takes place in Toronto
unapologetically where oh yeah we're in
Toronto and in Toronto is is nothing but
ugly architecture everywhere sorry
Toronto
it's like endless glass and steel condos
that are just sort of like nameless and
faceless and without any kind of
character and then the whole movie like
looks like that it's the perfect setting
for that movie the perfect setting and
the acting is great you get engaged in
it and then for those who have seen it
are well aware of a nice twist ending
that is is a little bit of a mindfuck
mm-hmm and highly recommend
enemy to hold the whole movies yellow
and ugly yellow it makes you it makes
you sick I came over the last time I was
I was like nervous through the whole
movie just something about the tone of
it and the there's like creepy ambience
and the performances where it says I
even when I wasn't sure where it was
going I was like on edge for the entire
movie that rarely happens it's like
something happens when I watched a David
Lynch movie and as we didn't feel like a
David Lynch movie in a lot of ways but
it had that same sort of impact yeah of
a movie can successfully keep you on
edge with with a subtle tension that
it's doing its job effectively
well not all movies not tammy-i I don't
want to watch Tammy and be a feel subtle
disturbing tension the whole time I
think that's what I would feel if I saw
Tammy what's wrong you're crazy
I also saw Woody Allen's new film magic
in the moonlight hmm Jay
what did you think of magic in the
moonlight I didn't see it well it was
great yeah
no it was a solid good
stand there you are still the best in
the world I need your help
the plot thickens the cattle age family
all socialized in the South of France
there's a woman who has them believing
she's a spirit medium you are the
greatest d bunker of fake spiritualist
she won't fool me it stars Emma Stone
and the King's Speech hmm it's cute I
could kind of predict what was going to
happen it was really obvious to me as
far as like that what was going to
happen with the characters but it's very
very benign very comfortable that's yeah
that's kind of a lot of modern Woody
Allen sometimes they're really good like
I really like Midnight in Paris but a
lot of times sir they're sort of like a
warm blanket yeah they're comfy but it
was a great they don't last they don't
stick with you the way some of his older
movies do yeah I was a great grandma
movie
well the grandmas can go and enjoy it
very non-offensive
very cute and I had a nice little
wrap-up at the end
Woody Allen makes a movie a year he's
made 175 movies and sometimes you can
tell that he's he's inspired by
something and sometimes it just feels
like he's going through the motions yeah
I don't I haven't seen this one but
that's kind of what it sounds like yeah
it's pretty much what you get from the
trailer my aunt used to bring me here as
a boy the roof opens up you see the
universe
its menacing I'm not medicine I said
it's very romantic
you
well very similar to the movie you saw
that you were just describing I saw a
film called proxy which is about child
murder Jame do you have some kind of
problem yeah you tend to watch a lot of
dark films I can't wait to hear the rest
of the ones you've bought they're not
all dark are they no you got to explore
that that uh that part of your psyche
yeah most that most of the movies I saw
that really not while masturbating but
you know do you feel up to talking about
what happened
everything's just pieces fragment I
couldn't tell you what was real or not
proxy is a movie I wanted to completely
blind that I don't want to give too much
away because watch the line I did I
actually I had a blindfold on and I was
just listening which was unfortunate
because there's long stretches of the
movie where there's no dialogue that's a
great idea for a business venture by the
way you know they have the blind dining
when you know about this I do not know
what you're doing people people go into
a restaurant and they they're completely
it's like sensory deprivation where they
cover their eyes and they eat foods and
stuff and they don't know what they're
eating I want to open a movie theater
where you are blindfolded and your ears
are plugged okay let's get on that and
we can only screen Michael Bay films
what would it matter we cannot screen
anything that would save us a lot of
costs on film prints because they won't
even know the movies about to start
everybody yeah or do you mean suffered
and put the ear plugs in and then they
just sit there and shove popcorn in
their face it would be like a regular
movie going experience or no one's
paying attention to the screen yeah
I think you're the only one I understand
I didn't know anything about it going
into it which is the best way to watch
it because it's constantly shifting
focus in a way where you don't know
where it's going to go next and not in a
way where there's any big like shocking
revelations it's a very sort of stripped
down simple character driven movie about
these two women that meets in a support
group for women that have lost their
children but neither of the women are
quite what they seem okay I thought it
was gonna be a horror movie it's really
not it's more of a character drama or a
slapstick rather the first minute of the
movie features a very pregnant woman
getting assaulted and that's how the
movie starts so I would not recommend it
to everyone it's very dark but it's it's
it's constantly I'm just like a psycho
where you know Janet Lee at a certain
point she leaves psycho and movie
completely shifts focus it's a move
similar to that weight gently gets
killed in psycho
that's spoiler I'm sorry if I ruined
psycho for you whoa bang it's not a
movie that a lot of people know about
the twist going into it yeah I'm sorry
but ya don't have to watch it because
I'm a Janet Lee fan and hearing that
she's not in the whole film is is a
little disappointing Jay you gotta watch
those spoilers I'm sorry have you ever
seen The Sixth Sense
spoilers haley joel osment grows up to
be a weirdo I hear he's starring in the
sequel to boyhood called boyhood I found
something that I felt I should tell you
about but anyway back to proxy it's it's
it's an interesting movie it's very
different it's not for everyone because
it does get very dark but yeah it's an
interesting story and it kept kept me
guessing well I saw a film very recently
actually that I had everything going
against it for me it's a the directorial
debut of Gia Coppola there's another
Coppola another Coppola where'd this
Coppola come from I think Francis Ford
drank a little too much wine he made a
whole bunch of Coppola and they all make
movies now and they all make movies now
most attempt ssin yeah this film is is
about teenage romance what's it called
its called palo alto okay and it's based
on the literary writings of one James
Franco mmm his his the Palo Alto writing
look Jane I saw a psycho mr. bees
Jodi wants to get it in with April no he
doesn't why would you say that part of
the story of this is he plays a a girl's
high school girls soccer coach who falls
in love with 17 year old girl and wants
to sleep with her oh this is unfortunate
timing it's a little unfortunate not
that that this incident with him was
like a huge thing yeah and then he I
think he corrected it properly by
addressing it and whatever but and then
given the fact that this isn't just a
script he picked it's based on material
that he wrote I don't know I don't get
too involved in the psychological aspect
of this here I'm gonna look at the film
it's it was very very good it also stars
Emma Roberts who is Julia Roberts niece
who beat up Quicksilver oh my god Debbie
are you following me
I am I am I
no of these events okay and she's in
this film and she's the object of James
Franco's desire why was James Franco in
the movie he's in the movie does Emma
Roberts punch James Franco in the movie
no but he does sleep with her mmm this
party sucks good things around but then
there's a couple other characters
there's these two guys that are friends
one is like insane and potentially a
closeted homosexual and then the other
guy who's like a fuckup and he crashes
his car drunk and all these things
happen in the movie I don't wanna get
into too much detail it's not like a
whole overarching complex narrative it's
more like very subtle this happens this
happens you know I look at the life of
these characters kind of a guy like a
short cuts type movie or not that many
characters sure well yeah kind of style
yeah it had echoes of boyhood and the
the neat thing about it was while
boyhood was was clunky and awkward and
felt like it was written by a 70 year
old man writing teenager dialogue that
was embarrassingly bad awkward and and
completely wrong
this really feels authentic in its
portrayal of teenagers in high school
doesn't unlike boyhood does it have a
little bit of style to it it lays out
okay it's it's it's fairly lost in
translation II in terms of execution and
style and pacing and everything involved
in it so and kind of going with that
same same look that same feel and it's a
really well-done movie and I found
myself pretty engaged in it in its in
its portrayal of these characters and
you could kind of like you know
teenagers do dumb things and they have
this kind of like distorted view of
reality that has yet to mature and their
brains turn and and you get that that
feeling okay you can it's almost like
putting a lens like the teenager lens
through your eyes
that's how they see the world that's how
we all saw the world when we were young
and stupid and and it really it's really
effective in that
Wow
well I also saw snowpiercer this year
which was a movie I somehow it slipped
past me I didn't know what it was I'd
never heard of it and then all of a
sudden we were getting lots of requests
to review it I like see snowpiercer see
snowpiercer I was like what the fuck is
this movie I'd never heard of it this
chaos a thousand people in an iron box
18 years I've hit in the Train 18 years
I've waited for this moment this is the
world the Train saved humanity the
engine lasts forever the population must
always be kept in balance I said sit
down
but it's directed by the guy who did the
hosts not the American the hosts the the
monster and Korean monster movie the
host which is a really good movie I
don't know if you've seen it but up it's
when I heard the premise it was an eye
roller because I think we've talked
about this before but it's the the
scythe overuse sci-fi trope of the the
poor having to overtake the the rich
upper-class citizens and it was rude
this is what they do yeah they're very
pompous and they do this all day I don't
know what it means but that's what they
did
so that Matt Damon flop Eliseo well
that's how they get of Elysium and I
think we've mentioned the worst example
of it is land of the dead that's the
most Hollow stupid way of using that
trope but this movie it's it's the
post-apocalyptic future the entire world
is uninhabitable due to cold it's
completely frozen wasteland but the few
remaining people on earth live on this
train that was invented before the the
earth was destroyed I'm talking about
this yeah it's a never it's a train that
has an engine that can run forever and
it goes all over the world so that there
are few remaining people on earth are
living on this train it's become its own
sort of insular habitats the the
low-class citizens are in the back of
the Train and they try to revolt and get
to the front of the Train the trains on
it's not but who cares well
because they're there they're fed like
like shitty food and they're they're
treated like living condition living
conditions yeah they're they're treated
poorly they're treated as lower-class
citizens so when I heard that premise
one I was like well that premise is
ridiculous it's never any trained it
seems like there be so many weather
conditions that would prevent something
like that from from working in real life
and the the poor versus the rich thing
which has been done to death but the
movie is very good once you get past
that initial premise being completely
ludicrous because it kind of works in
more of a like a fairytale way like a
fantasy and the explanation as to why
there would be these lower-class
citizens is explained in the movie and
it makes sense and it's actually really
interesting well Cheers we take the
engine we control the world
what is the time soon great action lots
of really good action set-pieces in the
film it lots of nice variety to the
locations in the scenery despite the
fact that it's all set on this train
Chris Evans Captain America he plays the
lead he's very good in it lots of nice
interesting supporting characters which
it doesn't seem like a lot of modern
action movies have they have the there's
the Tom Cruise character then everybody
else is boring as shit this movie's got
a lots of nice character work Tilda
Swinton is in it she's really great now
my biggest complaint other movie though
is that once they get to the front of
the train I guess this is kind of
spoilers the the guy that's in charge
that runs the train is played by Ed
Harris and I was having Truman Show
flashbacks at the end of The Truman Show
you know he lives in this contained
environment and then at the undead
Harris is explaining to him the entire
situation and why he's important and it
feels just like The Truman Show I don't
know if that was they cast him as an
intentional nod to that or what but I
thought it to be really distracting when
he said Ed Harris I pictured ed O'Neill
it was not a Tony ah that was
distracting they get to the front of the
train they open the door and there's
that O'Neill with his hand in his pants
on the conductor's see yeah really good
really solid action movie
nice sci-fi concept and really
well-executed know right snowpiercer
everybody
snowpiercer that's what I call my chair
piercer
