Oct 10, 2014
Gone Girl and Annabelle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bi9xE6EGWas
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/520630194839629826
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152432598377634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-gone-girl-and-annabelle

Half in the bag.
I have so many problems.
I have to take so many pills for my problems.
so I was thinking of getting rid of my
beard hmm I didn't know you had a beard
what's her name
what no my facial hair are you talking
about
mr. blinken where have you been we
haven't seen you in a really long time
I've been in the hospital for three
weeks apparently I can't eat the type of
nut she bought at the hardware store huh
well I for one for God all about you I
haven't forgotten Mike in fact I started
writing a book about missing blanket
it's called gone grandpa oh that sounds
intriguing
in fact it sounds quite similar to the
book by Gillian Flynn called gone girl
did he say Gillian Flynn
Gillian as in Gilligan's Island so her
name is Gillian Flynn not Gillian Flynn
it's not okay okay we're very clear on
that now yeah but but speaking of that
bed book by Gillian Flynn have you seen
the new movie Annabelle I have I've also
seen gone girl which the screenplay for
that was also written by Gillian Flynn
Oh interest I mean Gillian Flynn did you
know the lead actress in Annabelle her
real name is Annabel did you know
Gillian Flynn once owned a possessed
doll this is amazing
maybe we should talk about these films
that we've seen all right that's fine
you guys do that I'm gonna go drink some
pepto-bismol
why is he walking like he just ate
hardware store nuts because he just said
hardware store nuts Oh what's your name
Amy Amy and you who are you I'm the guy
to save you from all this awesomeness a
man of my dreams
this man of
may truly kill me Ben Affleck tries to
not have the charge of murder stick in
David Fincher's new film googan in the
film which is based on the popular book
by Gillian Flynn Ben Affleck is accused
of murdering his wife played by some
lady a bunch of crazy shit then happens
which can't be described without giving
too much of the movie away Tyler Perry
is also in the movie and so is Ben
Affleck's penis which is played by Matt
Damon J what did you think of googan I
liked it
quite a bit I once again David Fincher I
think has made something that I
appreciate more on a technical level
than on a story level this movie is
based on a very popular book and I can
understand why the books so popular it's
to me it felt like a I haven't read the
book but based on the material of the
movie it could have felt like a like a
like a trashy supermarket checkout wine
type book a page-turner
as they call it where everyone says did
you read this book this happens and then
this happens in this heavens it kind of
felt like that's but overall I liked it
I was intrigued by most of the story
and then I was sort of disappointed in
the ending before I saw this I saw the
trailer and it was eerily reminiscent of
the Scott Peterson murder case okay
Scott Peterson and Laci Peterson was his
wife you know a young attractive couple
she had a baby on the way and he
murdered her on Christmas Eve so our
character in the end gone girl was
murdered on July 5th healthy day after
and or before a holiday and then there
was a lot of media sensationalism
surrounding that and in this movie plays
up on that aspect a whole lot as well I
guess that's what part of the movie is
about like public opinion public
perception and manipulation of the media
in a way but not in like a satirical way
no just kind of what I was thinking when
they started introducing that element
but it was more presented like this is
just how it happened yes
you're tried on public opinion and that
was a big element of the movie but what
was the movie about well it's hard to
hard to get into and really discuss
without getting into spoilers so maybe
we should just say this is gonna be a
spoiler review yeah yeah we're just
gonna go into it because a lot of twists
and turns and all that type of stuff
that keeps those pages turning and keeps
people talking in the book form but yeah
it starts off we kind of don't like Ben
Affleck at the start of the movie he's
accused of killing his wife where we're
given glimpses of his dead wife's diary
and she explains some things that
happens to him and sort of gets you on
her side until you realize that that
maybe maybe that's not all completely
true be now Dave Nick is involved in the
disappearance of our daughter without a
body without a murder weapon their only
hope is a confession I know anything you
need to tell me how was your marriage
now you're asking me if I killed my wife
man of my dreams this man of mine
what about my son Nick this man may kill
me in our own words this man me
yeah but I mean if that was the point
like our opinion is based on just being
judgmental or reactionary gut reaction
to stuff like it didn't quite focus
exclusively on that and then it turns
into a movie about this evil woman who's
a chameleon yeah see that's I think it
was more about that the more the people
that are the center of the media
attention how they deal with it or
respond to it or because it's a lot of
it mean even though Ben Affleck is the
good guy he didn't kill his wife he's
still lying to the media in a lot of
ways to get on people's good side so
even though he is innocent he still
feels the need to to manipulate his
story manipulate the way he is presented
to the media and the woman that's his
wife that's her main driving force so I
guess I guess my problem was and
spoilers warning spoilers um she was
like oh okay you know the Hat first half
of the movie is set up where as where's
Lacey Petersen nobody knows where's
Stacy Peterson nobody knows that either
where is what's her name Penny Marshall
what the character's name Oh Oh a me Amy
its Ben Affleck and he's chasing Amy
again yeah oh and I thought the Amy
being a the children's book character
was a little weird angle that had seemed
to have no purpose whatsoever I think
the only purpose was that she had some
minor celebrity already and that's why
there's so much media attention to it
but there's media attention to people
that aren't famous at all when certain
things happens only if they're
attractive people
oh yes that's true if an ugly girl goes
missing nobody cares but you know
they're cute as a button then the media
is all over it and that's that's kind of
what is addressed in this movie a little
bit too but yeah so first half she's
missing and that that part I had me all
the way and then they reveal her secret
plan which is this elaborate thing to
frame Ben Affleck for her murder that's
that's when it becomes a
viii to get yet to get revenge on him
for being a loveless husband yeah and
for making her feel bad about herself
she plans this elaborate thing which
does include her own suicide yes because
she's a crazy person but she does a very
very elaborate plan which I thought was
clever and and then she travels to the
Ozarks and stays at some kind of like
hotel and befriends rednecks that robbed
her even though she's trying to lay low
for some reason she befriends these
people that's early movie lost me a
little bit well I think what the angle
was is that she was a sociopath and and
she was a chameleon where she could she
would adapt and she would change her
persona and change who she was to
whatever situation she was in
kind of like when she reconnects with
Neil Patrick Harris she kind of becomes
what he wants she becomes the redneck
friend biding her time until killing
herself in a lake so I don't know why
she stays at a hotel
why didn't she drown herself like 50
feet from their house if she really
wanted to frame her husband I don't know
why she goes to the middle of nowhere to
hide out and reminded me of Walter White
when he hid out in a little cabin in in
Breaking Bad I haven't gotten to that
good
you should watch breaking I should watch
Breaking Bad first half of the movie let
me just let me just put this in a
nutshell okay whoops smart detective
lady nothing gets past her very
carefully meticulously laid out plan
bygone girl second half of the movie
gone girl does whatever she wants and
gets extremely sloppy and detective lady
it loses her power and says I don't know
what to do and that now that's my
problem is the enemy because I thought
that's where it was going was she gets
sloppy she starts to leave Clues here
and there and then a plucky detective
lady who's kind of been brushed over by
the the higher-ups she figures it out
and I kind of thought that's how it was
going
they lack of empathy and me lost a lot
of blood in there then somebody mopped
it up why they mop up the blood if
they're trying to stage a crime scene
whatever they found I think it's safe to
assume that's very bad I finally
realized I am frightened of my own
husband I would join you as if you're
doing a deposition what to say what not
to say trained monkey the trained monkey
who doesn't get lethal injection she's
you alive you assaulted her that's not
good enough for you a hit or it's not
even close absolutely not I never
touched her this is something else that
threw me off ah she was implying in her
story that Neil Patrick Harris kidnapped
her from her house took her to his house
and then like tortured and raped her but
she has a meeting with him at a
riverboat casino and I'm like oh they're
having it at a casino she's luring him
into the casino that's brilliant
you know why because there's 50 million
cameras in a casino yes and I was like
that's great nothing ever comes of that
now does she not know that that you're
on camera every square inch except for
the the bathrooms in a casino yes well
you could say with the point that the
movie ends on that doesn't necessarily
have to be the end of the story like
these things could have been figured out
afterwards but as the ending of the
movie it's not terribly satisfying like
the look is great I mean you mentioned
the technical elements the look is great
the music of course the Trent Reznor and
some other guys score and a kiss Finch
Atticus Finch is a literary character
the strength of the filmmaking and also
the acting I think carries a lot of the
movie I really Ben Affleck's pretty good
the first part of the movie when it
first started I was a little like I
don't know if something felt off but he
did kind of I don't know it looks good
yeah I've never had a problem with
Bennett Tyler Perry was great
I thought Tyler Perry was serviceable no
I thought it was really good I would
have been more interested in seeing a
more interesting character actor in that
role like he was good but I really
really liked I looked her name up
afterwards cuz I no idea who she was the
woman who played Amy Rosamund
I liked her alot in this movie I thought
she is what sold that character in a way
where it could have come across too
comical or too stupid and in a
difference if it was left up to a
different actor but I thought she really
she seemed to really like revel in the
role and I thought she was really good
in it
I've know you I saw you at the Volunteer
Center I wanted out he was the kind of
girl who attracts admirers are you doing
did you do it
David Fincher he's sort of frustrating
because he's such a talented filmmaker
he's very meticulous his movies are very
mannered but sometimes he picks this
material like like this and even to a
lesser extent I would say Girl with the
Dragon Tattoo where it's sort of pulpy
book you know lights reading
entertainments and making these movies
and I'd like to see him you know like
like the social network what she did was
completely different than anything else
he had done and it worked so I I don't
know I mean he's done the crime thing to
death at this point I'd like to see him
try different stuff try to experiment a
little more it's just got very exciting
he bumped up Amy's life is yours till
1.2 million she told me to
you need to tell me well Jay would you
recommend googan I would based on the
strength of the the filmmaking and the
performances I think are really really
great and I think they carry a lot of
the movie despite the fact that I wasn't
fully satisfied with the story and where
it goes well I think I have to say the
opposite
I didn't hate this movie I enjoyed it
quite a bit and I thought it was good
it's it's a good story it's different
it's interesting but for me it's like
like I said the first half lays this
foundation that lays this groundwork it
lays these rules and you have these
characters and then it sort of
dismantles what it did in the second
half it just sort of comes crumbling
apart the logic starts to falter and a
lot of the things you start going you
know and then it has this manova all
point if it's satire if it's supposed to
be a reflection on supermarket tabloid
trash crime show Nancy Grace crime show
type stuff it's supposed to be a
commentary on that not quite clear
enough for me it was no serial mom but
really what is
this is Inco are you insane no I'm not
you mother done waters he nailed this
type of material over over 15 years ago
Kathleen Turner I can't be Kathleen
Turner in a motion picture maybe now you
can she looks rough it's not nice to say
to a lady her husband calls her Kathleen
Turner over
well speaking of direction and acting in
place of story let's talk about our next
film Annabelle
Anabelle is a prequel to a small element
of the conjuring that element being a
creepy doll that looks like something
that belongs in a horror movie that no
one would ever want to own ever the
movie then happens it stars no one
you've ever heard of except for alfre
woodard who is in Star Trek first
contacts Mike wrote this the movie is
about 90 minutes long then it ends in
the middle of the film scary events
happen like seeing Ben Affleck's penis
oh wait that's the other film so Mike
what did you think of Annabel uh well
you're gonna hate me for this but I
liked it I liked it the way I like
street lights what you got you got
headlights on your car you don't
necessarily need street lights but when
they're there it helps I know I can't
even James Wan James wanna make a movie
he made saw back in 2004 or something
whatever that was and then he makes
horror films his name is James Wan yes
he made the conjuring and the conjuring
was a hit and it had a creepy doll in it
named Annabel that is based on a real
thing and everyone said boy oh boy
wasn't that creepy doll Annabel scary
and then some asshole with a bunch of
money said well hey we can make a whole
bunch of more money on this so James Wan
make Annabel and James Wan read the
script and said I'd rather sit on my
toilet then they gave the script to some
other guy and said do you want to make
Annabel and he read the script and said
whatever so we're gonna hold her and
then they asked a bunch of actors and
they said you wanna be in Annabel and
they said whatever and they asked alfre
woodard an accomplished actress talented
actress and they said do you want to be
an Annabel and she goes how much does it
pay
and then a whole bunch of people got
together and made Annabelle and then a
whole bunch of dumb teenagers went saw
it because that doll is quote unquote
creepy oh yeah
and that's the story of Annabelle that
sounds pretty accurate so what the
behind the scenes of this movie must
have been like creepy doll prequel what
what was the story of creepy doll before
the nursing students had it in the
conjuring even though the when it's
included in the conjuring that's sort of
based unreal things the doll didn't look
anything like that let's get to the
facts conjuring real quick
based on demonologist demonologists ed
and Lorraine Warren the Annabelle doll
is based on a real thing in real life
it's a Raggedy Ann doll which looks
nothing like a horror movie doll and two
nursing students owned it and it would
move occasionally positions in the
apartment and then it wrote them notes
allegedly and I think they threw it in
the garbage and it came back into the
apartment and a couple of things like
that happened and then the Warrens
investigated and they deemed that it was
under possession by a demon or some sort
of inhuman spirit and they locked it up
in a glass case in their collection of
weird things which is true yes so there
here's a photo of it it's a real thing
whether or not you believe that it was
actually possessed by a demon it's up to
you the movie version of the Annabelle
doll is of course movie version
Annabelle doll creepy doll yeah and this
film is not based on actual events I
must applaud them for that for not
saying based on true events because
there was a doll because there was a
doll yeah yeah
they at least had the dignity of not
doing that but so Annabelle is barely in
the film no this movie is it's it's yeah
you're creepy doll element you got
demons
and you have cults satanic cult did you
notice I wanted to throw in Rosemary's
Baby too and oh yes you noticed the lead
character it was
Mia yeah which is a reference to Mia
Farrow I assume right but it was highly
irritating that the mother's name was
Mia and the daughter's name was Leah
that was stupid because they kept saying
Mia and Leah yeah think before you write
their desired goal our souls John that's
why it's after Leah here's the thing
some hack was hired to write to whip up
a script for a haunted doll prequel yes
you know weekend and he's like okay
dolls what do we got what do I got here
I got dolls maybe the lady likes antique
dolls I'll throw that ahead show they're
gonna have a baby a baby's room dolls go
in the baby's room and mothers so I have
a mother theme and I'll free Woodward's
daughter died in a car accident she
feels guilty doesn't one girl wants to
protect Maya what was it all gonna do it
was gonna run around like Chucky is
they're gonna stab people now that's too
stupid audiences today aren't gonna I'm
gonna buy that I would have preferred
that some kind of demon thing and steal
your soul got it did a fine job writing
a hack script I disagree completely but
continue I didn't I I thought I wasn't
even a serviceable hack script this
movie is so okay when it started it was
boring the first 10 minutes felt longer
than the entirety of gone girl and then
I just got irritated and by the end I
was kind of angry at how lazy this was I
did not go through such a range of
emotions this was like an Adam Sandler
version of a horror movie Adam Sandler
what's the least amount of work I can
put into my scripts that's what this is
in a horror movie setting it was
restrained in its in its harness you
call boring I call it restrained the
first act was some some some the sewing
machine was a little scary I kind of had
me on edge
and that the Jiffy Pop stove started a
fire there's some of those it didn't go
right into the killer doll it's it's set
it up with some scary things there's
some some scary imagery the
the the basement scene when she goes
down to the basement to put couple of
cardboard boxes that was the most
effective scene there was a Shakey's the
elevator keeps opening and it won't go
up and there's this like dark thing the
demon in it
I liked the the devil character when
it's on the staircase some some
effective stuff I thought the husband
sucked he was I thought the both sucks
they were both like wow I don't know
they didn't have any characters but was
there was no driving force in this movie
as far as the story goes it was this
demon wants the soul of the baby
it was the plot from ghostbusters to
bein ghostbusters 2 sucked to know
there's more going on in ghostbusters 2
this was doll kind of has demon in it
but the demon can also do things outside
of the doll and it wants the baby's soul
and that's bad of course because you
don't want a demon to take your baby
soul and that's the entire movie well
nobody wants a demon to take their baby
soul that's true oh yeah almost every
person is invested in this movie demons
can attach themselves to objects
would you say this is the Richard
Linklater horror film the boyhood of
horror for babies hood baby hood yeah
yeah I got that impression kind of like
the the cinematography and the look of
it was kind of bland flat bland except
for a couple moments mainly the basement
sequence but maybe James Wan stepped in
that weekend they were shooting that and
he's like you're fucking this all up let
me let me fix this and he shot that
scene but I liked that it was slightly
restrained and that I had a handful of
good visuals that that were all right to
me now to me to me it felt like when the
neighbors get murdered that sequence by
the cult that isn't out the the the
Manson Family cult
even though they set up the Manson
Family and the scene right before that I
thought that was weird nobody wants to
get sued by Charles Manson yeah I was
like well the Manson Family their helter
skelter they're doing their thing in
California unrelated satanic cult yeah
due to copyright laws okay whatever I
get it
and it was also silly about the police
detective but let the lady keep the
crime scene photo she's shorter the
crime scene photos I'm gonna keep this
one okay if only good direct-to-video
movie to me Oh like a cheap
direct-to-video sequel that somehow
sneaked into movie theaters because it's
very a small scale it's got a small cast
there's only like four main characters
there's very little other characters in
the movie most of it takes place in one
apartment and all that you know you can
use your low budget to your advantage if
you're clever and and if you have some
style to your film but this movie it was
flat looking cheap looking mmm the doll
had no you could have made this movie
without the doll it's sort of a demon
movie a ghost movie and that I like that
element more than the doll I think the
doll is is the look of what are you
looking at oh my god do you know how
much that radio is worth that is a
1920s RCA I just saw it on Antiques
Roadshow it's actually quite valuable if
it's if it has all of its original
fittings oh yeah yeah well let's just
take it when we leave today okay
I think the screenwriter needed to
understand his audience a little better
the audience is going to be drunk
teenagers who think the scary doll is
scary because Hollywood tells them it's
scary yeah and they want the doll
popping up more jump scares more
needless murders
the doll doesn't kill anyone in the
whole movie the doll doesn't do much of
anything now yeah it needed to to off
lots of people in the apartment building
before getting up to their apartment and
you want to see a killer doll kill
people yeah did you know the lead
actress has a British voice I downloaded
the b-roll and then the directors like
hard take the lid off the box and you
see there on a Bell doll oh is that it
is that the set the doll oh my it's a
bit frightening is that really it was
this some kind of prank is this app is
this one of those scary movie movies
that the Wayans brothers make I don't
know what this is my agent just said I
should take it maybe in the film I don't
know that's I'd a if anyone I don't feel
bad for the actors I'm sure they were
happy to get this break because nobody
knew who they were before this let me
get this straight
the lady from Star Trek first contact
throws herself out of a window to save
my baby's soul from being eaten by the
devil which is inside a plastic doll
okay whatever
Americans in their trash oh my god
Annabelle just went on Netflix that's
how long we've been having this
discussion it's already in the red box
how can you recommend or not recommend
but how can you give a past a movie that
was made this clearly clearly this
cynically though that's usually
something you
a problem with I have a problem well
yeah if it if it completely shines
through in the material and to me this
didn't completely shine through in the
material it's almost like saying a good
job I thought there was some spooky
scenes it's a little bored I thought the
characters were flat
I understood the story thought they did
a good job it's like a gold star but
like putting a gold star in a child's
homework assignment that's that's what
this was as I get a gold star you
finished it okay I don't recommend this
movie okay because no one's gonna share
my opinion they're all gonna think it's
boring and hate it because it's not gory
enough it's not scary enough by the way
this is a g-rated film yeah it's very
mild which is fine like my problem is
not that it's not gory enough or not you
know hard like hard enough my problem is
that it's not anything enough I was more
interested in the guy past medical
school that's his character the father
in this movie he's a doctor
or he's a medical student or whatever he
goes to a hospital for work that's his
character I kept thinking of American
Horror Story yeah alone watching this
and how much more interesting the
characters are on that like Dylan visit
dylan mcdermott or Dermot Mulroney it's
Dylan McDermott is Dylan McDermott and
Dermott Mulroney the same person yes
these characters suck yeah when that guy
talked about going off to a medical
conference for two days yeah I kind of
hoped he would like come back like a
high-end cocaine or haven't cheated on
his wife or something like some sort of
inter inter character drama that might
have occurred like I'm leaving you honey
I can't stand this talk of killer dolls
you know something yeah I'm sleeping
with alfre woodard oh my god that would
have been a twist yeah
we we fucked in the book section just
like been afflicted and gone girl you
know we fucked right on a demon book a
book about demonology they're like
something come on give us something and
when the priest came out and he's like
I'd like to take a creepy photo of your
baby in you go I thought that was gonna
go somewhere I was hoping they would cut
to him in the rectory beating off to the
photo give us something
give us something you know why they call
it the rectory because that's what it is
so Mike would you recommend Annabel Jay
despite mildly enjoying the film despite
not hating it completely I can
definitely see all the flaws that you
are saying and I can definitely see how
most people would probably not find this
film entertaining so despite my personal
opinion and my personal experience
watching Annabel I cannot recommend it I
know what your answer is right no I
oh I would totally recommend this movie
no no I would I would not recommend this
movie if you want to see a good creepy
slow-moving Satanist movie set in an
apartment building watch Rosemary's Baby
if you want to see a creepy doll movie
was child's play if you want to see a
creepy demon movie watch insidious
speaking of stealing the plot from
ghostbusters to her her baby carriage
also rolls on into the street that's
true
others the Annabelle doll so Mike do you
think they'll make a sequel to Gillian
Flynn's movie gone girl and call it
goner girl
I don't know J but I sure am looking
forward to a sequel to Annabelle called
Annabelle err and I can't wait for the
sequel to the equalizer it's going to be
called the equalizer or and hopefully
someday they'll make another Maze Runner
film Maze Runner to the amazement Inge
oh my god what's happening is this an
earthquake oh my god oh Jesus Christ
what is this madness I don't know but
the house is shaking violently as if
some kind of pressure is building up
Oh No I think I'm gonna shit my pants
that's a lot of nuts that's what she
said
this clip is so fucking long
