Nov 17, 2014
Nightcrawler and Birdman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQ6ucixpqJo
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/534521939705217024
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152506461462634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-nightcrawler-and-birdman

Half in the bag.
Everybody do the Bartman.
Remember that?
Cheers
like it's all you said Lake Michigan was
only 922 feet deep we've been falling
for hours that's because the house is
filled with air that's why we're taping
up the windows you fuck it's the keep
from drowning do you really think some
dollar store garbage bags are gonna keep
out millions of pounds of water pressure
Hey so far it's working mother fucker
hey you just want to talk about movies
instead okay no all right let's see what
we got here
let's see how about the third Hobbit
movie yeah I don't know
I heard the battle sequence at the end
is 45 minutes long that's all that's all
yeah it's a bit of a disappointment
Peter Jackson's showing some restraint
there and yeah let's see here we've got
the Hunger Games Mockingjay part 1 if I
wanted to see Mockingjay I just show you
a mirror back that's cuz you're ugly you
fuck oh we have an early cut of the New
Avengers movie The Revenge of the Fallen
Ultron yeah I don't need to see that one
it's gonna have superheroes fighting
each other action and explosions then a
blue laser is gonna shoot up into the
sky from New York City and then the
Avengers are all gonna learn to work
together but Robert Downey jr. is good
in it well I don't know what do you want
to watch hmm let's see what do we got oh
how about these two Nightcrawler and
Birdman Mike nobody cares about those
movies
on October 31st witness the motion
picture event that is being called
fucking amazeballs can you try it one
more time without swearing the man was
shot several times be surprised if you
survive we're looking at shit in
Nightcrawler Jake Gyllenhaal stars is a
psychopath who videotapes accidents
crimes and people without their
permission no he doesn't work for TMZ he
does this all on his own
overnight in the seedy disgusting
cesspool that is Los Angeles
Jake sells his gory and horrific footage
to news stations and is determined to
get ahead of his competition at all
costs and his competition is Bill Paxton
so it's not too difficult so Jay we saw
Nightcrawler and we saw another film
called Birdman mm-hmm
why did we see both of these films and
not dumb and dumber - because the
alternative to see in these two movies
was to see Dumb and Dumber - both of
these movies oddly enough have the exact
same rotten tomato score of 94% and a
pretty similar audience score on Rotten
Tomatoes as well not just a critic score
but they've been out for a while but I
don't know about you I personally wanted
to see both of them I was looking
forward to them they both looked very
different well I was pushing for us to
see Ouija even though even the makers of
Ouija have forgotten about Ouija yeah
anyway Jay what did you think of
Nightcrawler
I loved Nightcrawler this movie is right
up my alley it's 90% of the reason I
loved it is it falls right in line with
movies like like taxi driver or King of
Comedy or American Psycho where 90% of
the reason I loved it was based on the
strength of the lead character brought
to life by
a specific actor who it's an interesting
character to begin with but Jake
Gyllenhaal really elevates this I think
most of the reviews of this movie are
about how great he is and he is great
it's the Jake Gyllenhaal show lots of
other good actors in the movie they all
do a fine job but it really a lot of
this movie works on the strength of his
performance he just can't take your eyes
off him and the performance of his
co-star who plays who's very it's not as
as showy as Gyllenhaal's performance no
but it's more subtle but it's very like
authentic and realistic I was surprised
is he brings on an assistant in this
movie who's just a lowlife they don't
say responding to a Craigslist ad but
that's what I picture in my brain mm-hm
and the the actor that plays him is so
convincing as like a dumb Southern
California kind of lowlife and he just
nails that role it's so authentic and
lievable I found out after the fact that
he's British I had no idea I never would
have guessed well before I get into my
thoughts on the film let's just quickly
describe it for those who have no idea
what the hell we're talking about okay
Jake Gyllenhaal is a crazy person in the
film essentially there's a little more
going on but he's crazy person who wants
to get ahead and he falls into by
accident the world of videographers who
run around following police scanners and
try and get footage for the news
horrific accidents things that news vans
can't get to and they sell their footage
to news stations and I guess this is a
real life it is a real thing I was while
we were watching the movie I was curious
because I was thinking for a little
while I was like this is pretty
far-fetched as far as the extremes they
go to especially the the first time he
breaks into a house like he goes to a
scene there's been a shooting and he
just walks into the house and he's
filming like bullet holes on the fridge
and he rearranges the photographs of the
family so they're right next to the
bullet holes and then he's filming the
family outside being interviewed by the
cops through their house window and I
was thinking I was like no no news
footage would accept this realistically
I don't think they would but the next
scene is him in the newsroom with all
the news people talking about like the
morally and legally if they should do
this and I was like okay there's an
internal logic in the movie I don't care
if it's realistic like it works for this
movie yeah yeah it's not it feels almost
like a fantasy in certain ways
yeah and that brings up like some of the
themes in the movie you know like the
media ethics and moral ethics he turns
out to be a sociopath yes which is an
interesting subject matter I've never
seen a movie about this particular
subject matter before so I didn't know
it was a thing there's that but
comparisons to American Psycho or taxi
driver I think are a little lofty hmm
for this in my opinion really I really
liked this movie I don't think I would
say loved it I I found the first half
very script II and I hated the score the
score pulled me out of the movie which I
usually don't talk about music in movies
share music in movies now I mean past
scores movie scores used to be these
grand things that were memorable and now
it's just sort of like it's like ambien
it's like an ambience and it's
background and it never really sticks
out to me anymore
this stuck out to be in a negative way
this the the music was credited to James
Newton Howard I don't know if you're
familiar with him I'm very familiar with
his name he's been around for a long
time and he's done a ton of movies okay
movies like pretty woman junior Major
League to Space Jam and he did the theme
for Liar Liar just the theme Hindi the
whole scholar no but he's credited as
coming up with the memorable theme music
for liar liar liar the postmen oh that's
classic and runaway bride not to mention
many other titles but that's the thing
is there's there's a part in this movie
and I don't remember it was early on but
Jake Gyllenhaal I think it's walking out
the new station or something's happening
and it's like it the music sounded like
the theme to Force complic doo-doo-doo
I was like what is this and then there's
like these really bizarre like like like
hair metal instrumental parts and then
it goes back to like kind of like really
like saccharine sappy score music and I
remember thinking like I would really
love this music if it had like like the
score a score by like Trent Reznor or
whoever did dry oh yeah yeah like this
really like kind of like droning like
ambient like tense score but it was it
was more like traditional Hollywood
movie scoring it just clashed to me
which which took me out a little I
wanted I wanted to feel horribly
uncomfortable and and and like
disgusting and dirty watching this movie
okay I wanted more
I wanted more gore I wanted more shock
like there's an accident scene and it's
alright he he actually moves a body to
get a shot better and and it was like
okay someone that's it felt very pg-13
as far as the shock value goes because I
was expecting more shock in this movie
that would have elevated the the
sickening kind of stuff that he was
doing there was that and then the music
and then the the ice talked about Pilate
felt very script II until maybe the
third act the first act you know it's
like it sets him up he's this guy and he
does whatever to make money and he's
obviously there's something a little off
about him he tries to get a job at like
a metal yard scrap metal yard or
something like that yeah after after
selling the metal that he's clearly just
stolen he's subscribe map and so the
guys like why would I hire you you know
and it's like he's down on his luck yeah
he's Jake Gyllenhaal and then he happens
to run across you know this the scene
and Bill Paxton
you know tells him what he's doing and
oh I'm gonna do that then wacky couple
of failed attempts at first then he
learns the business montage you know
lots of scripting things it wasn't as
weird and as dark as I wanted very cool
it's not the taxi-driver script no no it
is more see I get a script like that I
don't know what this is this is weird
coming from me because I usually like
dark Candice or
movies I was ok with this movie taken a
little easier on the darker elements
it's a black comedy essential I think
that's it it played more as a black cuz
taxi driver barely any humor in that
movie whatsoever this was more of a
black comedy a little bit satirical of
news and the media and all that but I
saw I liked the script the elements
because it felt like a twist on a
typical sort of rags to riches story and
that's why it worked for me because it
did have that that typical structure and
then you get to the third act and for me
the third act was the most gripping
riveting sequence I've seen in a movie
in a long time so it was almost like it
sort of escalated to the the the darker
crazier elements yeah I think I liked
the third act because I didn't know what
was gonna happen
mhm it's it's sort of like it's set up
the groundwork and then just threw it
all out the window yeah you know and and
the tension and everything and the way
it's done and it was all very very good
very good I will say I guess this is a
first-time director oh no what if you
cracked a hole in the house and water
started to seep it oh shit Jay I didn't
even think about did you forget about
the fact that we're sinking to the
bottom of Lake Michigan I died you know
what I did do you have a beer in the TV
wait will this be on television warning
news if it bleeds it leads
are you currently hiring the Jake
Gyllenhaal character Lou bloom he's
called the way he's played is so like
you're just waiting at any moment for
him to just snap yes and so you take a
character like that and you put him in a
typical rags-to-riches type story
because successful start a business
story but you know it's all gonna go bad
and that's where the tension comes from
is just waiting and the way he
manipulates people but tries to do it in
a way or he's acting like professional
the name of my company is video
production news a professional
newsgathering service that's how it
should be read and that's how it should
be said I also want to go to the next
room and meet your team and a station
manager and the director and the anchors
and start developing my own personal
relationships I'd like to start meeting
them this morning you'll take me around
you'll introduce me as the owner and
president of video production news and
remind them of some of my many other
stories I'm not done and it's
fascinating to watch the character
unfold and the performance and then some
of the scenes he says and how normal
people respond to him is also part of
the the enjoyment of the movie oh yeah
and again this the script the elements
of it they're a minor a minor note yeah
I will say it could be a completely
different movie in if somebody else was
in that role if it wasn't played so
perfectly yeah it might come across more
like you're saying the script is sort of
generic for the first part of it like I
don't know if it would have worked
without that that performance he really
makes that character oh sure yeah this
movie is about the performance the the
plot is the plot feels like an 80s
comedy movie it so it's almost like you
know he's he's clearly an antihero
you know and and it's like at the very
end you almost have the sickening
feeling like he's he's he's successful
at this yeah and he's so manipulative
he's he's not evil I think he's he's
just a it's just a sociopath he has no
emotions yeah yeah and there's something
wrong with him and you watch it and then
so
most like a like a commentary on on
business you know like cutthroat
businessmen who you know sure will make
it to the top by by being soulless and
and merciless and cutthroat yeah I will
say great use of locations in this movie
it's the the type of LA you don't
because obviously lots of movies are
shot in Los Angeles but this is one
where it really feels like a movie
that's informed by Los Angeles and
you're seeing the CD or darker parts and
these these lowlife characters that
inhabit it in the middle of the night
when most people are sleeping it
reminded me a bit not tonally or
anything but of repo man with Emilio
Estevez which is a movie I love just
about these lowlife characters that
wander around and do bad things in the
middle of the night in Los Angeles yeah
the city is a character in this much
like New York as a character in Birdman
yes it's too soon but uh ah I could I
could have used more seediness
yeah as well yeah a very very weird
movie I think that's what I liked about
it is that it didn't have and even like
the elements of like the the media and
the news and you know manipulation of
audiences and just showing this horrible
footage like it wasn't played overly
satirical it's it's it's an odd tone
this movie has a different tone than you
would see in most movies it's not played
completely straight as like a thriller
it's not played as a really obvious
satire like something like like the
movie Network it's it's this odd balance
and that's what makes it work yeah is
that it yeah not no way where where it
feels like it doesn't know what it wants
to be right and that's what keeps you
hooked in it because Jake Gyllenhaal
arrives at a a triple homicide scene a
house where there's shootings and he
gets there before the cops come yeah so
he's running around with this video
camera and he goes inside them the
murder house and he's filming people and
then and then it's like um the cops
start to get involved at that point it's
like early on he's does some sketchy
things but then now it's like he's
crossed the line yeah and then you
expect it to go in a certain way and he
they show him filming the murderer
and then late and then he's like I don't
have that ya know and then and then the
the police do show up detectives and
stuff but it's not like it's almost kind
of from his perspective it's not it
doesn't become very narrative and
straightforward there's it's almost just
still from a crazy man's perspective
there yeah there's not those scenes
separate from his character with the
cops where they're talking about him
it's almost completely focused on his
character he's insane but yeah you sit
there and wonder you know it's almost
like a real person and that's a good
compliment to an actor it's like and to
the writer to gosh I definitely credit
the writer because the dialogue is
really a really spot-on and really
interesting and unique yeah Jake
Gyllenhaal has some great monologues in
this movie yeah and we will at the right
time
we're gonna find the person that drove
that car
I'm detective funny area I think you
withheld information that would be very
unprofessional thing for me to do they
would be murder
well I assume you're going to recommend
Nightcrawler absolutely Nightcrawler is
one of my favorite movies of the year
really I look forward to that guy of
praise huh
yeah I would say so well what the fuck
else did we have we've actually had some
good movies this year but you got it you
got a search for him a little bit it's
not the bigger movies but there's things
like enemy or or or under the skin was
really great and now Nightcrawler is
actually a larger movie that's come out
that it's definitely worth seen it kind
of has that that drive vibe to it
especially with the poster and you seen
the poster - oh yeah it's him in the
cars behind it I think they're going for
that that market marketing angle you
know these soulless vampires that do
marketing that manipulate people and
their brains they they say we got to go
with a drive vibe to this yeah but this
movie is no Drive no it's not as good as
drive it could have used the score like
drive maybe even the director of drive
yeah I will say this movie I'm picturing
in the hands of like Nicolas Winding
Ruffin or David Fincher or someone like
that and I probably would have liked it
even more yeah I think I think that kind
of encapsulate Smyth
Wyatt make it great for me okay was was
direction and style it seemed to be a
little lacking in that department and it
needed that original voice that director
that takes it and goes I'm gonna make
this script which is a really good
script I'm gonna make it great yeah by
by twisting this turning that and making
it really really memorable really
stylistic and it sort of lacked that
element yeah get in there get in the get
in the muck again get in the underbelly
didn't quite get in the underbelly for
me oh good it looked at it a little I
was like there's the underbelly but
we'll just film over by this Starbucks
I think Lou is inspiring all of us to
reach a little higher
how did we end up here this place is
horrible
smells like balls we had it all you were
a movie star remember who is this guy
used to be Birdman I like that poster
you wrote this adaptation I did yet and
you're directing and starring in
ambitious oxycodone ten milligrams what
do you think that is I know how does it
take all of them
Birdman stars the guy who played mr. mom
as Regan a washed-up Hollywood actor
looking to revive his career and his
self-worth by writing and directing a
Broadway play after the play bombs on
opening night a space meteor gives Regan
the real powers of the fictional Birdman
character and he fights to save the
world from an evil entity known as Mugu
- winning back the love of his estranged
wife and daughter a giant laser beam
gets shot into New York City as well
Mike what did you think of Birdman well
Jay I thought Birdman was great trailers
a bit misleading yes it looks more like
a wacky comedy about a guy who's trying
to do a thing and trying to out I'll
live his past life as the Birdman and it
looks it looks like more slapstick II
wacky and Birdman is Michael Keaton he
plays Birdman or he played Birdman he
turned down an offer to do a fourth
Birdman film and very clearly Michael
Keaton was picked for this because he
used to be Batman and now he's a
washed-up actor who is reviving a stage
play of Raymond Carver book called what
we talk about when we talk about love
for Broadway and as an attempt to not
only rekindle his career but I guess
sort of
reevaluate his his self-worth his his
life China you don't do what actors do
he's been counsel he's been living in
the shadow of Birdman for years and now
he wants to show he can do something
different
yeah even as a Birdman poster hanging in
his dressing room it's just like a
constant reminder yeah and Birdman talks
to him but is he is he truly an actor an
actor's actor or is he basically like a
fraud and that's kind of what the
character struggles with yeah and this
film is it's really fast-paced it's
really it's done with a lot of long
takes
and it's very performance driven it's
very theatrical
yes and it's in its delivery which is it
almost feels like you're watching a play
well that's in in tune with the subject
matter but that's what kept me from
getting into it initially because I
didn't know much about the story but but
the movie starts and yeah the whole idea
is that the movie is is supposedly shot
in just one long continuous take there's
obviously hidden cuts but the the
dialogue and the fact that it is all one
you know one camera angle it feels very
staged very theatrical and it took me a
while to get used to that until I
realized that that's done intentionally
to counteract the the Birdman hyper
action movie thing that they sort of
satirize a little later in the movie the
score is completely drums mm-hmm it's
completely drums and it feels it has a
jazzy feel to it a jazzy vibe it feels
almost like improvisational jazz which
is a thing yeah and that's what it feels
like I don't know if that's the case I
know John Carpenter used to do that
where he'd play his movie straight
through and you just sort of riff and
then he'd go back and you know tighten
it up and stuff but the score has that
feel and then occasionally the drummer
shows up in the movie yeah sometimes in
parts of where it's believable that he'd
be there some parts where you're like
what why is he there which is great but
the the best thing about the movie is
that the movie itself feels really loose
and improvisational even you know that
couldn't possibly be the case because
it's all these like choreographed long
takes yeah you know what it feels like
stream-of-consciousness yes I have the
writing style where it's just like and
then there's inner monologues of Michael
Keaton's
subconscious or his it's bird band it's
bird manager it's the literal bird band
voice yeah you know it's it's him
talking to himself and then there's some
really kind of bizarre stuff of him
having telekinetic powers which of
course is not happening a reality or is
it or is it especially at the end the
ends a little ambiguous but yeah very
stream of consciousness very loose as
far as the style goes and it's it's kind
of like the Edward Norton's in the film
and he plays sort of like a loose canon
actor who's all about feeling the role
and in moding and he doesn't care about
you know he just shows up he's replacing
another actor he just shows up and he's
like it's like my life is the stage I'm
an actor and he's sort of the the
antithesis of Michael Keaton Michael
Keaton is kind of a fraud he's played
Birdman and and the voice in his head is
always saying like just go make another
Birdman movie yeah so there's that
there's that that Hollywood in there
they even make fun of like The Avengers
movie oh that sequence is so great yeah
and well they reference it earlier when
they're like Robert Downey jr. is raking
in the money and yeah billion dollar
franchise and you know that part of
Michael Keaton is jealous he wants that
he wants that attention but but he can't
get it anymore so he's turning to this
other thing and then Edward Norton's
character is is the you know he wears
his heart on his sleeve he's the the the
the actors actor and he's just he just
wants to perform and he loves the art
Michael Keaton wants to appear like he
loves the art but really but he's doing
it for ego more than it it's the ego and
the attention so that the movie the
movie style sort of plays with that tone
it speaks right to the audience yeah
it's a very intimate movie there's lots
of sequences where there's lots of great
almost every character is given a great
monologue or great moment to shine
the Stone has a great one where he kind
of blows up at her dad which is Michael
Keaton and when these things are
happening when the characters really get
into it and talking about things
emotionally the cameras just right in
their face and then it'll back up a
little bit and then it'll move to a
different sequence it's yeah yeah it
very very free-flowing very loose
camerawork and very like I said it feels
improvisational even though you know
behind the scenes that this is very
meticulously planned out yeah we see
lots of Michael Keaton's old every every
every wrinkle every crease of Michael
Keaton's face every movement of it seems
like it means something it would have
been a good movie even if it did have a
different good actor in that role but
there is an extra sort of poignancy to
it because it's Michael Keaton and
because he played Batman I I don't know
if Michael Keaton feels a connection
with this character or not but his
performance is really convincing yeah
and then just say that Michael Keaton's
washed up not that true maybe a little
no I mean he's not you know he used to
be the the lead actor in movies now he's
more of a side character or supporting
actor he's a very good actor and he's
really great in this movie and it's nice
to see him in the lead in something
because it's been a while yeah and
that's the thing is that he he does such
a great job in this he he has such a
great range and it counteracts the
notion of being a washed-up actor yeah
Naomi Watts is good in the movie she's
probably given the least to do of any of
the main actors in the movie you know
Emma Stone I thought was great I've
never had a problem with Emma Stone
she's been fine in other things but I
thought she was really good in this
movie apparently she shot it on a break
from shooting spider-man 2 she had like
cuz that movie was like this extended
shoot and she had like a couple weeks
off and in those couple weeks she made
this another interesting fact is that
the one of the short stories is what
spider-man 2 was based on oh really
Raymond Carver wrote about a lecture oh
man okay so he put in the hackneyed
German scientist character that's all
from the ratings are small based on one
of the short
and what we talk about when we talk
about love oh okay electro I'm going to
get you spider-man yeah I'm mad at you
because you were mean to me once so I'm
gonna kill people and steal your
girlfriends and I mean that movie is a
love story so I can understand why it
would be in a book about love it's
coincidental like Emma Stone was like
hey I'll work on that I'm also working
on an adaptation of a Raymond Carver
short spider-man 2 is better well
obviously yeah I mean there's more more
action
Birdman's barely in this movie we should
talk about that yeah if you're gonna
call your movie Birdman you know having
to have some more Birdman action really
when we care about the duality of man
and like like acting and theatre and art
and film culture like no Birdman doing
his thing that bird that giant evil bird
that was destroying the city was pretty
awesome-looking mm-hmm face it dad
you're doing this because you're scared
to death like the rest of us that you
don't matter and you know what you're
right you don't I will say there were a
couple elements of the movie I loved the
movie I don't know if I've even said
that yet but obviously we're gutting
over it there was a couple moments I was
like why is that in there like the the
moment after the I think was the opening
night performance because the movie
takes place it's all one continuous shot
but it's not in real time which also
makes it feel more like a play they they
have three preview nights and we see all
of those and then we see opening night
and in a certain point after one of the
performances Naomi Watts and the other
female lead in the play are in dressing
room together and they start like making
out why is that in there there's some
there's some sexual tension between
those gentlemen subtle lesbionic action
but why that was the one aspect of the
movie or is like does this need to be in
here I wasn't sure what the purpose was
I must like miss something maybe I need
to see it again but that's how actresses
are other than that I don't know well I
was thinking the same thing about the
ending because as we mentioned the
ending is ambiguous and I think we're
gonna go with a spoiler free review here
okay
I don't I don't want to talk about it
because it doesn't matter all that much
that's that's my point here is that I
thought the movie was ending several
times yeah I was like okay this feels
like an ending this is a nice ending and
then something happens and then oh it's
not over and and the original ending I
was like oh that's a little it's a
little silly that that happened a little
problem just a little pretentious that
that happened but then in context with
the movie that worked but then then it
doesn't happen and then this happens but
what I'm trying to say is that the movie
could have ended really at any point
because it wasn't a strict narrative
yeah unlike our other film that we
talked about Nightcrawler
which which needed some kind of
conclusion okay this really didn't
because it was more of a character study
of Michael Keaton's character it's
really about a man who's struggling with
becoming old becoming irrelevant yeah
becoming forgotten and he's kind of
looking back at his life what did I
accomplish you know amaya fraud you know
I made Birdman movies and it's sort of
like like like every time you say
Birdman it makes me laugh yeah well
that's why they pick that right and
there's some symbolism with the flight
fly yeah yeah you know but yeah he's
struggling with with what what he's
accomplished but yeah the the
examination of of a man of Michael
Keaton's character it's very very
literary
listen to me you're the rich man this
make a comeback that's what I'm talking
about
there you are
don't watch this movie if you want to
have a relaxing film experience because
that those drums and keep you bit on
edge frantic pacing of this sort of like
you like this whole time it's an
experience and that's the best thing I
can say about it is that it's very
unique and it's it's not movie-esque so
it does feel very play like and it's art
imitating life imitating art because the
subject matter is is theatrical and it's
in the film form but it's also very in
Reverse but at the same time this
couldn't exists in any other format
because of the one camera style right
the way we're seeing I mean there's a
part and obviously there's hidden cuts
in it and there's some that are pretty
unnoticeable I think there's probably
ones we didn't even notice but then
there's ones that are more obvious but
there's a certain point when Emma Stone
and Edward Norton are like yeah they're
making out and possibly having sex up
above the stage at the part of the place
where Marty McFly climbed across yes
exactly and then the camera kind of
cranes over that and goes down to the
stage and there's Edward urn on the
stage obviously digital trickery there
very cinematic in that respect yeah so
it's it's an odd movie it's a it's
unique it's different it's engaging
there's stuff to think about and it'll
stick with you for a while and it makes
fun of transformers
be respected and validated remember that
you told me I got a chance to do
something right can't take it the other
people what they want
let's go back one more time and show
them what we're capable of
so Mike would you recommend Birdemic I
would recommend Birdemic I would also
recommend Birdman starring Michael
Keaton and Michael Caine and Emma Watson
and Emma Stone and Stone Phillips who
else was in this movie I know that girl
Zac Gallagher Jacki Galifianakis
Gallagher was in the movie yeah
Gallagher was in smashing watermelons on
stage it was great Gallagher smashed a
watermelon on Zach Galligan and Zach
Galifianakis at the same time there's a
whole lot going on in this movie but I
would definitely recommend it don't
watch it if you think it's going to be a
wacky comedy film about Michael Keaton
being Birdman and trying to put on a
play yeah it's not that it's more of an
examination of a character so yeah a
great great film definitely recommend it
I would also recommend it for all the
reasons you just said in addition to
that just on a pure filmmaking level the
I think we talked about this on our
Halloween commentary track available
right now on red letter media calm the
idea of the one long continuous take is
is nerve-racking as from a filmmaking
perspective and it's impressive yeah in
a way that is never show off e in this
movie no no I've seen some movies words
it feels like look at what we're doing
you know where it's sort of not
necessary for the narrative as much as I
love the movie Magnolia there's one long
extended shot in that that's completely
pointless this film uses the one take
element to its advantage very much like
the Corey Feldman music video does
which is another really great you know
piece of film art yeah that's it's so
well choreographed and and everything
goes just perfectly and as planned well
choreographed appropriate and well used
and it has a functionality and a style
the the corey feldman music video is a
style that you know it's not
exaggerating it's not boasting it's not
saying look at me I'm doing the one take
thing yeah but it's using the one take
element as a tool a storytelling tool
which is what Feldman did in his video
and which is what the director of
Birdman is doing with this it's using it
as a tool to emotionally connect you to
the subject matter and really it's it's
beautiful
both are beautiful
while mike those certainly were good
movies
that's right J they were but don't get
too used to it because it's almost
January and you know what that means
oh god that's the time of year when
movies hit rock bottom
hey speaking of bottom oh no I'm a top
clearly what are you talking about are
you talking about I'm talking about us
hitting the bottom of the lake
