May 7, 2014
Transcendence and The Amazing Spider-Man 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfXWZmtJzXA
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/464041909803958272
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152062134037634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-transcendence-and-the-amazing-spider-man-2

Half in the bag.
hi do you guys fix VCRs oh my god it
stinks back there mr. plinkus smells
horrible
yeah I know plus he snores too
he's also not a very good cuddler hey
since the city is paying to rebuild mr.
plinkus house why are we still letting
him stay here we don't stand to gain
anything from this hmm you're right Jay
it's a very good question
you know what we need is another
brand-new money-making scheme how about
we try running a legitimate business no
you know I've been thinking about it and
the biggest money-making schemes around
right now or turning comic books into
movies hey you're right if some comic
book movie ideas were just original
scripts today they'd be laughed at
but because the source material is a
comic book they're treated with
legitimacy for some reason even though
comics were originally just trash
whipped up to sell ads to children
that's right jag you know I've had an
idea for a comic book I would call it
horse ninja that's so stupid
yeah it's about a racehorse who tramples
an enchanted ninja and then absorbs all
of his ninja powers I figured Jet Li
could play the ninja and Sarah Jessica
Parker could play the horse oh my god
that sounds like a great idea to make
some money but how do we sell the movie
rights well Jay we got to turn it into a
comic book first and that's exactly what
we're gonna do come on Jay we're going
to New York City where comic books are
made hi are you a comic book man why yes
I am
hey Jay this guy looks familiar
oh yeah a comic book man did you once
own a comic book store in Milwaukee I
did so Rick what did you think of the
amazing spider-man better luck next time
remember him now hey didn't we shoot you
to death with laser guns
Wow that's not exactly how it happened
again hey let me try something okay
really got him that time yeah
in any case yeah I used on that shot but
you know I gave that all up I decided I
want to pursue my dream becoming a
comic-book artist real big shot in the
industry I made it too fortunately they
have been drawing Little Orphan Annie
the black one
well anyway we came all the way here to
pitch you our comic book idea we want
you to draw it
you got a hurry to is I got to sell the
rights to the movie companies what's it
called it's called horse ninja what's it
about it's called horse ninja no Cal do
it but you know my wrist is really
starting to hurt I want to take a break
first you mind if we catch a double
feature as long as you draw our comic
book for us what movies are we gonna see
oh yeah we're gonna go see movies
let's see transcendence and Spider Man
two
please welcome my partner in science and
in life dr. will cast on the path to
building super intelligence requires us
to unlock the most fundamental secrets
of the universe
so transcendence is about Johnny Depp as
the lawnmower man and why did we see
this movie Mike this has been out for a
couple weeks now and it's flopping
horrible I don't think it's about for a
couple weeks I think it's been out for
four days and it's already down to one
showing a day I saw it had a rotten
tomato score of 14% and everyone was
saying is terrible so I figured all the
movies that we see in the theaters are
so great it's about time we saw a bad
one and Johnny Depp hasn't made a bad
movie since his last one mm which was
called the The Lone Ranger so since he's
on a roll let's see his next bad film
and maybe I could catch some sleep this
movie is is challenging you to stay
awake for the whole thing a challenge
that we weren't all up to the task for
no it wasn't even like halfway into what
I heard your story I made it about 25
minutes and then I just heard her oh
yeah that's the thing is I got to a
point where I guess we should say the
reason so boring is that the story is
not interesting the pacing is slow
everybody delivers their lines in like a
like a boring droll monotone the
characters aren't interesting characters
aren't interesting yeah it's like the
dullest movie I've ever seen I don't
even know if I'm exaggerating the
concept is interesting some interesting
ideas as far as that kind of sci-fi
thing go they didn't know how they
wanted to handle it though they didn't
know who the villain was they didn't
know if if dr. Johnny Depp was was the
villain or if he was a hero or I was
supposed to root for the terrorists
because that's the thing it had drew
kind of a lot of parallels with other
kinds of things like um I got like a
Jesus Christ kind of vibe um the science
is the new
I knew God and and he's healing the sick
and the blind and you know everyone
people fear what they don't understand
yes and then even like there's like a
Romeo and Juliet ending where he kills
her oh god spoilers was fucking cares
and then many times reviews up they
won't be able to see it's gonna be
honest and she's trying to kill him and
then he ends up saving her by killing
himself and then they're lying in the
bed together just like Romeo and Juliet
are at the end and you're those tragedy
you know and then and then the same
spoiler same twist is that he wasn't a
villain all along he was actually trying
to save the environment
yeah and he was him and it's like
everyone got everyone got freaked out
because they feared what they didn't
understand and you know and then there
was I would call it pretentious in the
way it was all delivered well the whole
the whole tone of the movie it like it
was like a lowly it was like when you
listen to people when they have trouble
falling asleep and they put on that CD
of like nature sounds yeah this was the
movie equivalent of that where you just
I was watching the screen so passively
that I could have been staring at
nothing that it would have made a
difference yeah it didn't draw you in
emotionally I would have liked it more
if it were specifically just about the
computer husband and the grieving wife
and about what about whether or not that
was his soul or if it's just a copy
yeah well it's something smarter like
that it's kind of like the aunt I heard
there was a movie about the way we use
technology and how it's taken over our
lives in a way that makes it very human
and interesting and then a different
angle where it's not so we can't end a
movie without bazookas and rockets but
even that was boring everything was
boring I want to say that like I was
thinking that during this that this
movie should have been called him and I
made jokes about her not about the movie
her but when we reviewed it was that
that material in a different writer
director would have turned it into
action schlock and this movie didn't
necessarily do that it tried to deal
with something it wasn't like I'm gonna
kill the world I don't know it was it it
it set it up for a twist was that he
really wasn't this horrible villain he
really was trying to transcend
everything but
and it made the people that you were
rooting for look foolish in the end
which which was a twist and there was
some action in it but I wasn't overdone
it wasn't dumb action you know it wasn't
a dumb movie but it was just boring well
it doesn't help that the wrap around
story that what they show at the
beginning is and then the rest of the
movie is a flashback you know how it
ends yeah yeah like you know exactly
where this is all going they give it all
the way in the first two minutes yeah
that they were good they do that don't
know they were gonna both live together
forever inside a raindrop on a copper
sheet this is what happens in the movie
imagine a machine with a full range of
human emotion it's analytical power will
be greater
and the collective intelligence of every
person in the history of the world
some scientists refer to this as the
singularity professor I call it
transcendence so you checked out like
halfway through right and then I found
myself and I wasn't even tired like I
can watch a movie super late at night
but if I'm engaged I'll be into it it
doesn't matter but I was I noticed I was
starting to nod off and I was like I'm
not I'm not gonna let this movie beat me
it beat Mike I'm not gonna let it beat
me so that was my challenge for the rest
of the movie to keep me invested was
just not falling asleep to the point
where I had to just get up and walk out
of the theater for a little bit
stretched my legs
I heard you giggling as I was leaving I
said yeah I knew you would I know you
had given off I thought you had
completely given up I didn't think you
were coming back that was the last I saw
Jay bomb him for the night I did enjoy
the movie more than either of you huh
yeah you weren't horribly bored by
everything I wasn't horror I was a
little bit bored I wasn't horribly bored
like I said I liked the ideas behind the
subject matter I know that it was
handled the best way it wasn't a
terrible movie it wasn't terrible it was
very it was very dry and dull but I do
agree with you that it has some
interesting sci-fi concepts I'm glad it
didn't turn into action schlock which is
you know which is what a lot of movies
are now that that takes smart science
fiction concepts and turn them into dumb
clock so you're right on that there's
almost the unfortunate part though
because it's like oh this is an original
movie is kind of an interesting idea but
it's done so in a way well nobody's
going to be engaged by and I guess we
should mention that director is
Christopher Nolan's DP and Christopher
Nolan produced it I don't know it was
just written by some guy that's actually
what the credit said
it only felt like was a like the first
assembly cut of an edit of a movie where
you're just taking the best takes and
the best shots and just dropping him
onto a timeline and like the most linear
fashion
yeah and then you don't tighten it or
sculpt it into having you know ups and
downs yeah give it a pacing it had no
pacing to it yeah and then the
performances all the actors were good in
it but it didn't seem like they were I
guess being directed properly because
like what's-his-face Morgan Freeman just
he didn't he looked like he had no idea
what was happening now you said that
most of the performances were good I
actually thought Johnny Depp was bad and
the way he's been to the point yeah well
I'm wondering like have we just been hey
this is the guy from 21 Jump Street this
is the guy that got sucked into a bed
and shot out and blood hasn't just been
distracted all these years by all his
silly hats you know what it is it's all
on a silly hat yeah and he does a goofy
accent and he even kind of did it in
that like in transcendence it's not his
normal voice he's doing something
different so he can't even do a straight
role without doing some sort of running
jump is a good performer but he's not a
great actor and that's my opinion and
then it's like all these um big things
were happening like so fast so go we're
gonna come to the small town and we want
to build a huge multi-story complex
under the ground here okay
one year later yeah well that's the
thing who built all this and then he
starts making robot Sambas oh my god
they skipped two years but I think like
the development of some of that would
have been seeing that would have been
deed oh you're the nanotech healing
people it's like I think you're supposed
to be rooting for like the idiot
terrorists who want to bring everybody
back to the Stone Age and when when I'm
looking at this computer making all of
these medical marvels yeah yeah why are
they running against this yeah yeah well
won't your cancer that's fine we'd
rather set ourselves back he'd rather
live on a goat farm they feared the AI
would become yeah you're powerful almost
like a matrix situation where it takes
over the planet I'd have to say though
after seeing the trailer for the movie
where Scarlett Johansson uses more than
10% of our brain isn't
a lovely trope that this hasn't been
used before yeah there is grounded in
reality
it's not true they say that with the you
know that's just like a myth or whatever
like even if we use longer percents of a
hundred percent of our brains we I don't
know that's called epilepsy yeah exactly
I don't think we would be able to do
things that neo does if we could use 100
percent of our brains now that looks
like garbage but like this at least it
took material in a smarter way yeah yeah
wills body is dying but his mind is a
pattern of electrical signals we can
upload his consciousness we can save him
not like this
assuming that this works if we missed
anything a thought a childhood memory
how will you know who you're dealing
with Johnny Depp star I'm a scientist
guy and I talk like this
yeah oh I died oh no I'm gonna get it I
don't give a fuck how did he die I don't
even remember
terrorists shot him with a bullet laced
with oh that's right radioactive
material that's right the terrorists who
are good guys have to team up with at
the ends right isn't that what happened
yeah so now we have the good guys on the
terrorists so we're supposed to root for
both of what were we supposed to root
for them were they supposed to be a red
herring we think we're supposed to say
were supposed to be they don't know they
were a red herring okay and then you're
you're supposed to root for them look we
got to stop this guy I never rooted for
them incidentally well if you're anybody
you're supposed to get in the mindset
that Johnny Depp is bad yeah because
he's mysterious and he's doing things
and then he's putting his micro of
nanobots into the water mm-hmm and then
the one guys like they're everywhere
soon is gonna kill us all and take over
the world and then the end it's just
like oh no I wanted to heal the planet I
was like oh you as the audience got
wrapped up in the perspective of the
terrorists and wanted to stop Johnny
Depp but in the end it's just a good guy
wanted to save the environment as
filmmakers they failed because the
entire time I was rooting for Johnny
Depp I hired time I was apathetic the
whole time okay I and so they failed in
that regard too I was rooting for a
pillow and a blanket it actually matches
up to the ending of
Mass Effect 3 - two of the horrible
endings are all technology is destroyed
and the other one is everyone gets
joined as the unit mine
techno people half machine which are the
two of the things going on in
transcendence an odd parallel so the
filmmaker said let's make a movie based
off them so disappointing thing ever
let's let's make a movie based off of
the most poorly received video game in
history well they made the most poorly
received film in history rich Evans
would you recommend transcendence
lukewarm recommendation very little
while I K fifty-eight percent approval
rating from me fifty-eight percent
that's all pretty good actually yeah I
didn't I did not eat the movie okay I
know I would not recommend it I can't
remember the last time I watched a movie
this passively I might recommend this to
two dads that watch the sci-fi channel
or the History Channel like nerd dads
sure that you might get some enjoyment
out of a slower paced kind of sci-fi
movie as opposed to a loud obnoxious
well you say slower pace that would
imply that there is any Pacey I'm saying
I I'm gonna go with the general thumbs
down on this a general no recommendation
then yeah I agree it kind of falls into
that it just needed to be handled with a
little more humanity
you
every day I wake up knowing that the
more people I try to save the more
enemies I will make and it's just a
matter of time
before I face those with more power I
can overcome
the amazing spider-man 2 is directed by
Marc Webb who also directed the amazing
spider-man this one also stars Andrew
Garfield as spider-man and Emma Stone as
Gwen Stacy again it also has Dolly
Parton as Aunt May or whatever the movie
also has bad guys and fights and themes
of family and revenge and love and
heroism eventually the movie ends the
amazing spider-man is an experimental
film designed to test the effects of an
experimental moving plotline on the
human brain well we'll start with our
comic book artist I believe his name is
rich all the way from New York City
visiting us here in Milwaukee Wisconsin
to talk about the amazing spider-man 2
rich what did you think of the amazing
spider-man 2 I I think the amazing
spider-man is an amazing film it it's
just so wonderful in every conceivable
way there's the drama and then there's
that that that man that plotline was
just so tight and compact and you know
what was going on at every moment of the
film I will say this movie is and it
should be an inspiration to aspiring
screenwriters because oh now you
understand that you don't have to have a
plot or any sort of sufficient character
motivation to get a movie babe we can
all applaud the screenwriting hacks Alex
Kurtzman and Robert Orsi who penned such
hits as Star Trek and Star Trek into
darkness this was as far as the script
goes this was much worse than any of
those and any terrible new movie has
been done by these two you know what I
thought happened I thought like like the
studio Stoney had like they didn't know
where to take sequel say like five
different screenplays written up and
then like the intern on his way to bring
the screenplays all five to the
executive you like trip and he fell and
all the pages went all over the place so
we just started like taking them all and
putting them on one big pile and that's
how the script got written yeah this
doesn't feel like a coherent story this
feels like a collection of scenes it's a
collection of story threads none of them
have anything to do with each other
and
just kind of happens I'm trying to think
of what the plot was there is no plot
there is no plot there's a series of
there's uh Andrew Garfield and Emma
Stone have their little relationship
troubles because every single spider-man
movie has to have them breaking up
because he's spider-man every single one
of them does that doesn't it and then
there's so there's that
yeah there's electro who is Jamie Foxx
who's the nerdy awkward scientist man
just like Jim Carrey and that's exactly
what I was thinking the whole fuck yeah
the part - yeah our guy Pierson Iron Man
3 that type of character he falls into a
vat of eels electric eels electric eels
and that somehow gives them superpowers
well they were they were experimenting
with cross-gen --ax and Hannah okay that
falling into the VAT just makes you so
fucking powerful with electricity for
some reason it also turns you evil
because then he wants to kill spider-man
because spider-man didn't remember his
name was that his motivation why did he
Olson hate spider-man because he had to
yeah there was no overarching storyline
there's just two villains become
villains there's AI want to stop so
that's yeah that's there's two stories
now we've been through this before okay
the next one would be Aereo's born right
Harry Osborn there's there's blue
electro man wants kill spider-man
because he wants kill spider-man there's
Harry Osborn is dying anyone Spiderman's
blood because for some reason
Spiderman's blood will cure all diseases
there's spider-man wants to date Gwen
Stacy but Denis Leary won't let him even
though he's a ghost
and then there's no payoff and then
there's Aunt May becomes a nurse there's
two scenes dedicated Aunt May becoming a
nurse and the big payoff to that
plotline is that she's at a hospital
when the lights go out
Peter Parker Mary Osborne you're gonna
want to see this
Oscar get you under surveillance
why isn't that question of the day
there's something you're not telling me
Aunt May I want to talk to this secrets
have a cost
my name is Richard Parker I have
discovered what Oscorp was going to use
my research for I have a responsibility
to protect the world from what I know
they're capable of so the movie starts
off there's a prologue that's like a
flashback can I talk about that can I
just stop you right here and go for it
first of all this was this was the worst
movie I've ever seen um it was so
fucking boring and and I want to talk
about the prologue because I'm edge
I imagine this movie opening going to be
hazing spider-man - dude dude
spider-man comes in it's like you crooks
I'm gonna get you and then it opens
actually with like a 40 minute long
scene that's like the Bourne Identity on
an airplane with people being shot and
murdered Peter Parker's dad trying to
upload his secret work to his secret lab
under the ground through his sony vaio
computer on an airplane and did that
serve any purpose though that's the
thing where we law doesn't do anything
in the end once he find it did you know
it's there you're saying like I'm a
five-year-old kid and I want to see
spider I see spider-man's foil a bank
heist in the opening scene and and kiss
one Stacy at the end of the scene and
instead wicked oh I'm gonna blow the
quantum virus into my computer and
observe the and like what's going on
this isn't a James Bond movie this isn't
a Bourne Identity movie I was so bored
yeah and I was angry because I was
imagining myself as a kid the opening of
your movie should be colorful and
exciting it's a Spider Man movie have
fun with it and it wasn't too brooding
as much as the first one there are a lot
of fun little spiderman quips and
moments okay so here's here's the
biggest problem with this movie though
so that's the opening scene it has
nothing to do with the rest of the movie
for one thing and then we does though
but then not really but then we get to
after that is the exciting scene you
were talking about where spider-man's
flipping around and he's chasing after
Paul Giamatti Paul Giamatti and his
greatest role since the John Adams
miniseries oh my god yeah the minute he
started talking that's when I was like
I'm done like it's little since because
Paul Giamatti is a great actor and that
was one of those things where it's like
is he just being as awful as possible
just to see if he can get away with it
that is those handing it up he was so
bad and then all the like that hold the
tone of that whole opening action scene
it felt like a like an old Power Rangers
episode it was terrible and then cut to
it keeps cutting back and forth between
that like fun spider-man antics next
scene Peter Parker on the verge of
crying like the whole movie is that I I
didn't mind that opening scene I didn't
mind how Paul Giamatti was goofy and
spider-man had his little little cute
quips and he's saying silly things I
wish to me I did that did not me at all
exactly I thought the whole movie should
have been like that but then it cuts to
him like oh my god that scene where
Harry Osborn goes and talks to his dad
who's dying oh my god
and it's like okay here's the scene do
you disappointed the dad and I can
become evil and it's like 10 minutes
long and it's just them just talking
back and forth yeah I start playing
poker at phone I did it I started
playing to hold him on my phone I really
did I was just sitting there I was just
so bored yeah and there are so many
scenes of talking and talking and
talking this movie is 2 hours and 22
minutes long oh my it was way too long
what is his name the guy who played duh
Norman he says a respect that's Chris
Cooper he's a really great actor that's
it I guess that's there anything with
this movie Schaefer is an Academy Award
winning actor it's fun but he was more
cartoony in that deathbed scene than he
was in the Muppet movie there's a lot of
good actors in this movie that just shit
what the future
we literally can change the world what
about Peter not everyone has a happy end
how about electro is his origin similar
in the comics to what it wasn't diggin
they can you know you know in the comic
books you know what Electra's origin is
he's an electrician who gets hit by
lightning and then he decides he's going
to rob banks it's not be better than
what's in this movie he's nah he's not a
very deep character he's never been a
very deep character he's just a lot of
spider-man villains are just kind of
bugs okay Sandman just wants to rob
banks electro just wants to rob banks
the Shocker just wants to rob banks
I thought the Shocker might want to do
something else
did ya and did did Electro's power like
once he became a superhero it closed the
gap in his teeth what the fuck happened
he can also fly he's a physical body
first because they show him in the
morgue and he wakes up when he falls out
and then all of a sudden he's just pure
electricity got a little the power grid
he got too much power or something I
don't know whatever he is a fuck really
who gives a fit doesn't matter cuz
that's that plot will be over in one
second they'll cut to something else
that has nothing today at the end of the
movie he blows up but he's electric man
he's he's made out of electricity he's
been dissolving himself for half the
movie yeah who cares if he blows up well
their logic was is that a battery would
explode but yeah he has known yeah and
the body of that he's not a physical
thing yeah battery's just a thing a
liquid acid that transfers a charge from
one side to the other and it blows up
cuz overheats but he was just
electricity yep okay sure and then I did
why did they put the power meter on his
head that said what his child balances
us heart it has a little bar graph and
the end it said it actually said explode
better luck next time I hate this movie
so fucking much
it's bigger than you Peter I made a
choice this is my pie
so everyone who's sick
our feels to live in world
without power
merci
I don't know how bad the sequels are
going to be but they're not even have
origins anymore because the one to the
the magic room with all the supervillain
weapon it's all there and you see doc
Ock's arms you see the vultures wings
and what in the next movie are they just
gonna like hand them out to people or we
are they even they they're not even to
like bother with origins anymore just
write you dr. octopus everything got its
remand the whole delicious spider-man
gonna get spider-man because you feel
bad because he's got the spotlight now
and study you and you're jealous that's
your motive go hit him with your octopus
ounce I love the moment in this movie
after the big they're in Times Square
that's the first big scene with electro
and they fight and it's a big action
scene and then they show Peter Parker he
comes home and he sits in his room and
for absolutely no reason
you have no motivation whatsoever he
decides at that moment that he's going
to start investigating what happened to
the mystery with his dead dad out of
nowhere this is like his main motivation
that I was like what is happening I
think I laughed when he pulled the
suitcase out and started doing research
yeah like like how does that relate to
him just fighting electro like what it's
time for this to happen now yeah it was
so random
and and then Peter Parker he goes to
visit Harry Osborn cuz Harry Osborn stab
dies in the newspaper and he's like we
haven't seen each other in 8 years since
they were I'm assume they would have
thought ok they would have been 10 but
they talk about old times as if they
were 17 and old yeah and then he's like
he's he's my friend
no he's not yeah you haven't seen each
other in almost a decade now you're best
friends and the only reason they even
introduced him at all is so they can
have him become the Green Goblin
so they can do one iconic spider-man
thing at the very end and it's the worst
version of the Green Goblin ever Harry
Osborn asks Peter Parker to find
spider-man because Harry Osborn Lance's
blood to magically transform isn't that
what happened in Star Trek into darkness
magic blood saved Captain Kirk yes
anyways so he wants to Peter Parker he's
like find spider-man so I can
get his magic blood and a Peter Parker
is like I'm just a photographer I just
take pictures of him his eye and then
Peter Parker good I said okay I'll try
but then he gets in a spider-man costume
and shows up and basically just tells
him no I can't do it why would he say no
incidental I show up a spider-man and be
like hey I'm here yeah oh I can't give
it to you by cuz you just wanted to be a
day shows up just to be an asshole what
doesn't he know that no you know what
yeah shows up to do that just so Harry
Osborn has motivation to come back as
the Green Goblin yeah it's so bad could
just be like Harry Osborn to be like on
his deathbed and Peter Parker be like I
I tried calling him but it couldn't get
him here yeah I do I'm the best I'm
forgetting things I hate about this
movie I am so wet Amy sighs can't you
see
just like Iron Man
uh so now we're gonna go into spoilers
we're gonna talk about the end of the
film so if you know anything about
spider-man this is not a spoiler at all
sure it's like the most obvious thing in
the world to me um I am assuming now
that the spoilers have officially begun
yes that you were referring to the death
of Gwen Stacy mm-hmm
that's not a spoiler cuz the whole movie
I'm just thinking what are they gonna
drop her off the bridge yeah well that's
the thing is they get to a bridge she's
on a bridge and that's not where she
dies though well that I guess that's a
twist yeah she die he dies in a
whimsical clock tower with giant gears
everywhere to drop her off of a comical
clock tower which is in the middle of an
electric power night and she falls like
eight times it's the most comical
sequence ever he catches her with the
webbing oh they land in a gear she falls
gay he catches her what the webbing and
then when she's falling to her death
it goes to slow motion dramatic slow
motion spider-man shoots out his web and
they show the end of the web it's a tiny
little webbing at first it comes out
like a normal web and then from no
reason at all the tip of the webbing it
actually grows a head it grows a hand
and the hand is reaching out to Gwen oh
no my web hand has to grab you Gwen his
artistic license okay it'll break no it
was stupid actually
it unfolds like a hand it rig grab
Center
spider-man's desperation to savor its
artistic license come on oh it's so
Glenn Stacey falls through a clock tower
well before this happens first they kill
electro we I think we already ruined
that that was before spoilers but
whatever well good so they kill electro
and then it's like oh that feels like
the climax of the movie but then the
Green Goblin shows up and it's like oh
now we got to go through another fight
sequence yeah and that happens and
that's when Gwen Stacy falls and you're
just exhausted and you want the movie to
be oh god yes I'm so fucking long do you
remember what her car just crashes in
and hits electro that's how she comes
back into the movie with a cop car that
I guess she stole she shows up at a cop
car he's got he's got amazing electric
powers and she's gonna help I can help
i knows the grid
she was there to shut the grid off or
whatever how does she know the grid
she's a fucking high school student well
give some leeway with comic book movies
but these these scripts and I say
scripts plural as I'm talking to two
specific writers that are known for
writing these shit scripts yeah
these scripts are just junk they're
they're connect the dots there here's a
moment here's a moment here's a moment
how do we get from this action beat to
this scene to this yeah and it's just
the most convoluted cheap easy way to do
that even if it doesn't make any sense
yes there's not a structure yeah yeah
it's not a solid structure or a solid
logic to anything it's just like yeah
like they probably take note cards and
say cool fight in an electrical plant
okay that'll work for the trailer yeah
kiss on top of a bridge this scene that
scene and then they go on whatever fuck
this movie fuck everything so rich would
you recommend the amazing spider-man 2
oh god no Mike Jesus Christ Jesus Christ
so why did we come all the way to
Milwaukee to talk about those movies who
cares let's head back to your office so
you can finish that horse ninja comic
for me I can't wait till alex kurtzman
and robert Orsi write another terrible
screenplay guys I've got a confession to
make
what's that I've already made the horse
ninja comic book what how is that
possible you see Mike you've stumbled
upon the last unmade idea a racehorse
possessed by the soul of an enchanted
ninja seeking revenge upon an evil
corporation hell-bent on weaponizing
horse sperm that's good idea
that's pretty fucking good it's the last
idea in the world and it's all mine I'm
gonna take this shit to Michael Bay or
Marc Webb or Brett Ratner and we're
gonna make it into a fucking movie a
god-awful fucking movie that people are
going to see in droves
nothing can stop me now soon you will
see the world as I see it as a fat slob
with terrible ideas now my terrible
ideas can become larger dumber even more
terrible ideas soon the world will know
my wrath that the standards in Hollywood
are so low right now but even I can make
a movie a fucking horse ninja movie and
we're gonna shove Scarlett Johansson in
there just because man who gives a fuck
we're just gonna shove her in the movie
and we're gonna give her random lines
her name's gonna be love interest and
she's gonna fuck a horse
not so fast comic-book artist man I
wanted the Klingon phaser a it's called
a Klingon disruptor in a phaser whatever
you to do no those are just toys right
fire golem look at the way the skin is
melting off his face
