Aug 4, 2014
Boyhood and Guardians of the Galaxy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lampOM4AhAk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/496277909938524160
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152294607192634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-boyhood-and-guardians-of-the-galaxy
https://archive.is/yuEJs (redlettermedia.com)

Half in the bag.
I don't know planet I'm on
hello and welcome to half in the bag I'm
Jake and I'm Jay and this week we saw
two movies that were almost the same
thing only similarity was that there
were both movies but the first movie we
saw was boyhood boiled boyhood which
isn't accurate because he's only a boy
from the first link our genetic games is
if he called twerp
after stealing a mysterious orb in the
far reaches of outer space Peter quill a
half-human half-alien is now the main
target of a manhunt led by the villain
known as Ronan the accuser to help fight
Ronan and his team and save the galaxy
from his power quill creates a team
known as the boy hood to save the world
Mike what did you think of boyhood well
J before I get into how much boyhood
sucked I just want to state that it's a
it's pretty interesting how we watched a
big-budget dumb summer popcorn movie and
a small independent thought-provoking
arthouse film and one sucked so bad it
made the other one look look great it
made boyhood made Gardens guardians of
the galaxy Gardens of the galaxy I would
watch that movie just a movie about
people going across the universe and
planting gardens stars Martha Stewart
yeah I know guardians of the galaxy had
a lot more emotion and heart and an
indie art film seems and then boyhood
dude no I I'm all seriousness um I this
film felt like a betrayal of a friend
because the trailer was really good and
it was such an interesting concept as
such a daring concept to try it's yeah
the whole movie is a risk which I guess
for anyone that doesn't know the idea is
that this movie was shot over the course
of was it 12 years 8 12 years 12 years
chronicling the the the growth of this
young boy into a high school student
than a college you know off on his way
to college and it's same actor all the
same actors throughout the course of
this entire thing but I guess
considering that the whole movie was
sort of a risk I would say it would pay
off for Richard Linklater because this
cute little kid grows up to be a
bullshit pothead philosophizing Richard
Linklater character yeah that's the
interesting part of this is that what
how the what the process was and making
it do they have a complete script from
beginning to end or did they sort of
change the story as as life went on like
oh this kid
into this now and he looks like this and
yeah he wants to be a photographer let's
work that in and sort of let the story
write itself or was it pre-written from
the beginning if it was then why go
through all this process of I mean it's
a neat experiment I mean it was kind of
cool because normally in kid growing up
movies they use the same adult actor and
they kind of like I haven't changed but
here you see chained like you see this
kid grow older before your eyes which is
good to see and the other actors to
Ethan Hawke and Patricia Arquette are in
it too and they get older and that's
neat in a way it was kind of like time
traveling and I could watch an old movie
from 12 years ago but the fact that this
is just released now yeah it's weird
that that the early scenes were shot 12
years ago and it wasn't released until
now I mean but other than that the movie
sucked it was like there were some I
actually I wanted more melodrama really
I wanted more over-the-top corny
dramatic scenes to happen there were so
many things that was like there's one
part and I know someone else in the
audience of the theater was thinking it
too there were there were there's a
cringeworthy scene where young Mason is
hanging out with his high school friends
he's like a freshman in high school
no he's in eighth grade how can they
they're hanging out with like juniors or
something other heroes older kids yeah
they're messing around with them with
they're throwing a saw blade into like
drywall yeah and and it's like the
Hitchcock they're joking ways yeah and
you set it up and and then the blades in
the wall and they're messing around
punching this board there's this little
like Indian kid that they're making fun
of the whole time he's holding the board
oh yeah and the thought popped in my
head is the kids going to punch him and
he's going to fall back into the board
and embed his skull on the saw and it's
going to be a horrible accident that
everyone's gonna have to deal with the
trick and then senior sense yeah okay
and someone else I heard go oh no
yeah I thought something was going to
happen I wasn't even expecting that kind
of stuff from this movie but when that
particular scene happen that's what it
felt like there's anyone the mother is
constantly are you drinking that we're
seat belt wear your seat belt wear your
seat belt are you drinking and driving
no are you texting and driving don't do
that and then he's looking at a picture
of a pig on the phone like completely
while he's complaining about cellphones
yeah and I'm like oh they're gonna get
an accident and the girl's gonna die and
he's gonna have to go visit her in the
hospital and say goodbye and he's going
nope it just ends and then the next
scene is I have to move my furniture
into a dorm room yeah the the movie
fucking sucked
my ears oh ha here's like watching paint
dry here's what I will say I watching
paint dries funner I was okay I'm
assuming you are not a fan of Richard
quit being an apologist for Linklater oh
man I I like Richard Linklater not
everything he's done but I like some of
the things he's done I'll admit the only
film of his I've seen was was in film
school I I was forced to watch slacker
and I watched it and I said this is a no
Star Trek The Next Generation
I don't like melodrama but I'll take
melodrama over really bad corny acting
and flat scenes yeah which is what this
movie was filled with yeah well that's
the risk - and you're talking about the
little kid growing up to be an actor
like I think you know he could have been
much worse as he got to hold her so he's
okay he's okay I'll give him that
the sisters worse the sisters not as
good but I was I was okay with the first
maybe this movie's three hours long I
was okay with the first maybe two hours
of it once he becomes a teenager and
they dwell on that for way too much and
it's this bad overwritten dialogue that
over beds under it I would say the first
part of the movie is is subdued and it
felt more real it didn't feel like I'm
writing dialogue about philosophy and
life and shit man the first stuff in the
movie I actually liked quite a bit and I
was thinking about it because individual
scenes it doesn't feel like a lot is
going on it's it's just very sort of
slice of life but when you look back on
it like by the time you get to when he's
a teenager and you're thinking back to
the beginning of the movie a lot of shit
has happened and that's kind of what
life is like where it's there isn't any
of those like Wonder Years type moments
where you're like I learned so much of
that summer you know or anything like
that
and I like that aspect to it and I was
with the movie up until he became a
little bit older and it was like the
writing the the the sort of realistic
nature of the way the movie was playing
just started to go downhill and become
more like film student writing
Oh
I I wish the reviews about Patricia
Arquette she was the most compelling
interesting character and seen the shit
she's gone through
mm-hmm just like kind of watching what
happened to her and Ethan Hawke and
those those two were interesting
characters the kid was not know um but I
think other than just like pinpointing
saying like the dialogue was kind of
flat and boring there there was no like
you see see a movie called boyhood and
there's numerous scenes of like like
lesson learning and older male figures
giving the kid advice especially the
scene on the darkroom with the teacher
and he's like you got to go out and you
got to do this and you got a you got a
stand out yeah you got to do the work
you can't just be this like thing
floating in the wind and that and then
he's like I and that's kind of what he
becomes yeah and then Ethan Hawke gives
him advice at the end and he's like the
girl left you because she wants someone
that was better and it's like okay you
know what there's this quote this like
gray area this quasi advice that's given
and then there's no real like hard
change for the character he just kind of
like falls into what he wants to become
in his life there's no there's no hard
change in life man sometimes there are
there there can be and that's those are
stories people tell called movies like
when things happen yeah plots and plots
things have to happen carrot you have to
a character has to make a choice a hard
choice a character has to you know get
forced to deal with these challenges and
it's like watching some kid decide
whether or not he wants to learn
photography in college it's not does not
make an interesting movie I I'd be okay
with the vague lack of a concrete story
if the kid was more interesting sure or
if the movie ended an hour earlier I
would have liked it as the case of
because I remember growing up and it was
like it was never you never felt like
things were happening to you and you're
always thinking you're seeing things
happen to the people around you mhm
oh and it's so the kid was sort of a
vessel for that we were seeing the mom
changing grow you're seeing Ethan Hawke
as the dad change and grow would have
been okay with that it's really for me
when the movie
completely lost me was when he became a
teenager and it seemed to be that more
focusing on him as a character but his
character was a boring unfocused asshole
that's where it really lost me and there
were multiple scenes where it's like
okay this is clearly a nameless movie
and that's what it's trying to be and
that's fine I guess it could be fine
but there seems where it's like okay the
movies wrapping up now and then another
scene starts you're like oh and then
that scene oh that seems almost over I
guess the movies wrapping up now and
then another scene starts and it gets to
a point where he's going off to college
they show him driving a truck by himself
is the first time you've seen him in the
whole movie completely by himself and
it's like all right he's driving off to
adulthood but then there's more things
after that and it just kept going I'm
okay with slow moving I'm okay with a
movie that's focused more on the
characters and then any sort of
overarching story there's a great J I'm
okay but well no I'm okay with these
things but when your main character
starts out kind of uninteresting and
then grows to be completely unlikable
then you got a problem or as like can we
pan the camera over to somebody else
when they're in that diner he goes with
his new girlfriend of the diner I was
like go focus on a different character
turn this into slacker where it just
goes through new character and then a
different character but I just don't
want to see this kid anymore
don't worry about it
rompers you don't want the bumpers life
doesn't give you bumpers
richard linklater dramas like laughable
and the script was the script was very
very very bad very stale the dialogue
like if he wrote it then he's very out
of touch with young people like because
what it is was like the kids are saying
like straight up bro
I did welcome to this suck oh yeah one
actually said true dad dad that's what I
was thinking of a candy girls young
deadly spray yeah true dad
true that no God like don't do this to
me I heard that it's like cheap drama
the first half was like oh the fathers
are raging alcoholic and he's like it's
like he's pouring whiskey at the table
is a camera drink your mother had an
accident you know yeah it's like I don't
know I'm shooting a dog on screen you
know makes everybody sad pushing an old
lady down the manipulative manipulative
thank you but you don't I mean I was
like okay I was interested enough you
know struggling single mom and the dad
who was kind of a grown-up child who
matured himself to more interesting
characters then the kid grows up to be a
turd
Oh
have you been partying Oh
Oh Jay would you recommend boyhood no
you had to think about it I did have to
think about it for a second because I
honestly really liked a lot of the first
half and I like the concept a lot oh
sure I would I liked Patricia arcade I
liked Ethan Hawke I liked those
characters so I would imagine critics
have given this good reviews because of
the the concept the concept and the risk
yeah that he took and maybe their
respect for him as a filmmaker but to me
it's like I finally liked the movie and
I liked the movie maybe that's what the
movie is going for because that really
kind of sums up life when you're like is
this over yet yeah so this is the most
true life movie that's ever been made
when you think about it that's true
that's by the end of it you just want to
die
boyhood sucked so hard
you
the next movie we saw was car diems of
the galaxy
that's right J I look you don't I see
I mean like folks who have lost stuff
our homes our families and we're facing
a threat that could destroy us all
filmed over twelve years with the same
cast James Gunn's guardians of the
galaxy is a groundbreaking story of
growing up as seen through the eyes of a
child named star-lord who literally
grows up on screen before our eyes well
Jay what did you think of guardians of
the galaxy do you think when when Disney
was saying who should we get to direct
our next big Marvel blockbuster they
said I know let's get that guy who made
that movie where Ellen Page rapes Rainn
Wilson I think that's exactly that's
exactly how the conversation went no I
loved guardians of the galaxy I was very
very entertained I was this movies had a
lot of hype around it which i think is
weird
a mainstream hype because it's not a
known property I know I guess it's a
Marvel movie but people seem to be
really excited about this I was looking
forward to it not as a Marvel movie or a
sci-fi adventure movie I was looking
forward to it as James Gunn movie movie
and despite the fact that it's a
big-budget thing big Hollywood
blockbuster thing it still feels very
much like a James Gunn movie like a like
a Sam Raimi or a Peter Jackson type he's
he's transitioned into making a larger
sort of more commercial movie and still
retains some of his personality or jaw
sweet or Joss Whedon Joss Whedon has
something I want to bring up because
there I was thinking like this reminds
me a lot of Firefly mmm the star-lord
character of the whole the ship and yeah
and the wacky adventures and I was like
wait a minute
Joss Whedon also directed a Marvel film
and Zoe Saldana is in this as a green
lady she was in Star Trek there is a
different green lady yeah but she was in
green so Chris Pratt stars and guardians
of the galaxy who of course is on Parks
and Recreation and Parks and Rec was a
good show and then it was a not-so-good
show and then it became a great show I
didn't ask you to talk about Parks and
Rec we're talking about guardians as a
galaxy you asshole
who else is in this movie Lloyd Kaufman
is in this movie he has a very prominent
role as a guy in background and that's
another thing I like with James Gunn
he's very loyal Lloyd Kaufman has been
in every movie he's done from shitty
low-budget shit to this a big Disney
Marvel movie and I think that's great
I was surprised by the Drax character
because that was apparently played by a
wrestler but whenever you cast a
wrestler you're asking for trouble but I
thought he did a great job I thought he
was you certainly had the the most
emotional backstory yeah and I thought
he was really great did good comedic
timing - yeah good Kamiya time without
be acting overly comedic he played it
very straight yeah no it's a perfect
perfect performance I mean the character
was he wasn't just a big dumb muscle guy
he had the the twist with him was his
race interpreted everything literally
yes
he didn't understand metaphors yeah that
was fun in a wordplay kind of comedic
way yeah Michael Rooker Michael Rooker
was good in the movie he's a James Gunn
staple I like Michael Rooker lon
everybody all the James Gunn regulars
showed up it's so weird to see a movie
like this cuz I'm used to see in these
low-budget movies that he makes with all
these people and his friends in it and
here's this giant movie with this huge
canvas and all these characters and he
still uses the same people that's pretty
great Peter Serafinowicz showed up who
he did not have a lot to do in this
movie but now every time I see him I
just think of Brian Butterfield cold
wall we're just gonna cut you a clip of
Brian Butterfield just because we can't
just because we can press plug
press who jug make double sure you'll
call all the dust off put it back of
your doesn't a player press play
I'd wait Tutt minutes for the disc to be
recognized but this movie has a lot of
personality a lot of good characters
that's really what drives it there's
some flaws that I think we'll probably
get into as far as some of the script
stuff goes but what really carries it is
these characters this group of Outlaws
James Gunn likes weirdos and outsiders
and that carries over into this movie I
was a little worried why after
second trailer because I think at some
point in the movie Chris Pratt says like
we're losers you know and I thought oh
no it's gonna be this like underdog
thing and it's going to go there
it's a really subtle a lot of fun is
that what they call it nowadays fun well
movies haven't had it for a long time so
I don't know if kids know what fun is
anymore
but I was thinking about that during
this movie when it was rolling the
credits are rolling I was like finally a
fucking comic book kid's movie where
kids will actually want to buy action
figures for it yeah I don't see kids
rushing out to buy the Winter Soldier
action figures no no everyone's gonna
want a group though they call them the
winter landfill soldier now but yeah I
want a Groot action figure I want a
little raccoon action figure um a lot of
fun some clever dialogue although I
wasn't it wasn't as funny as I was
expecting it I was the I was expecting a
movie more comedic yeah 20 moments it
maintained that that that balance at
ghostbusters balance of serious villains
and threats and and light-hearted comedy
I was a little worried early on that the
villain would be too generic villain but
I think that kinda works considering how
silly the main characters are it's a
nice contrast the villain didn't need to
be over-the-top
I like the villain as played a hundred
percent straight
yeah and just I'm evil man who wants
power and wants to destroy everything
because that the flipside of that is the
wacky you know underdog heroes and and
them fighting against this supreme evil
being and all this this force and power
that he has it's works perfectly
if we're gonna save the galaxy we're
gonna have to do it together partners
why would you want to save the galaxy
cuz I'm one of the idiots who Oh
I don't got that long a life spin anyway
the neat thing about it is that it's a
wholly created world yes and there's
nothing that takes place on earth at all
except for the very opening and so a lot
of neat creative locations a lot of
interesting awesome set pieces lots a
good world building and moments like
that little details
lots of good background creatures
there's classic sort of Star Trek where
aliens are just people in with different
colored faces I liked all that stuff
nice thing is everybody has a backstory
everybody has motivation and everybody
you genuinely kind of care about there's
a lot of I guess I was surprised with
super with James Gunn's super how much
emotion was in that there's a lot of
emotional elements to it and I was
surprised with this movie that there was
so many emotional elements to yeah I
would think you know it made sense after
watching all of super but this is a
different type of movie I wasn't
expecting that and he does it again and
he makes you really care for these
characters but yeah there are emotional
scenes and each character has their the
backstory and their motivation that's
really strong and and you use like you
said you do feel a connection with them
even even though the raccoon
oh yeah it's tearing out here yeah it's
one of the best characters in the movie
yeah and they don't take the the
emotional elements too far to where they
don't corny the mo just sprinkled in
just enough the movie is good at
balancing it subverts a lot of
expectations of these type of movies and
then sometimes it kind of embraces those
and there's a lot of moments where it's
starting to get kind of emotional but
then it pulls the rug out from under
that and does something funny or
sarcastic but then there's other moments
where it plays that completely straight
so you never know which way it's going
to go yeah and that was something that I
liked so much about super is the the
kind of left turns it would take
with the tonal shifts this movie that's
moved out a little bit it's not as
drastic as super but I would expect it
to be very creative very high-energy
very entertaining and it's weird as fuck
which is not very weird when you think
about the fact that one of your main
characters is a raccoon another is a big
talking tree there's lots of goofy
elements I was thinking of that John
Carter movie where everyone has a goofy
name a planet has a goofy name and I was
worried that would get annoying after a
while but you kind of keep up with it
you know what's going I guess we're
stuck together partners are you telling
me the fate of 12 billion people
and these criminals oh yeah one of my
complaints would be the what sets the
whole plot in motion is another every
one of these Marvel movies has got the
MacGuffin the orb or the cube or the
sword or it's always like that one thing
that's going to destroy the universe
welcome to comic book I know I guess but
every one of these movies has said I'm
so tired of it whenever any of these
movie starts explaining what the
MacGuffin is supposed to do
I just glit my eyes glaze over I'm like
I don't care it's gonna destroy the
universe they got to stop it that's
that's more like they explained it out
of a courtesy I did like that when they
were explaining all this shit even the
characters in the movie or getting bored
right and then they reference that they
say we don't need I didn't ask for a
history lesson or something like that
someone says that yeah and you know
you've all super powerful MacGuffin and
I was completely fine with the MacGuffin
in this movie I was okay with it because
I all the other material held it up yeah
perfectly yeah I was I was more invested
in how are they gonna break out of this
prison yeah and that's all that's up
that's for me yeah I was invested in
these characters and seen them go to the
specific situations they were in like
they all end up in prison they have to
break out of prison there's a little
subversion of your expectations with
that as far as them explaining like we
got to do this then we got to do this
then we got to do that and everything
gets fucked up immediately and that was
great uh fuck yeah
yes I would recommend guarding the
galaxy so would I go see it right away
and go see a multiple time that's the
best thing I can say about this movie is
that I want to see it again very soon
hey J do you think it's smart to sit
here and talk about movies while I pipe
dumps and tons of noxious chemicals and
gases into this house oh I completely
forgot about it actually
it's everywhere and it smells like
cancer should we investigate what's
happening maybe we should do something
about it till next time
