Jan 2, 2014
The Wolf of Wall Street and 2013 Re-cap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UhtOdfjfNp8
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/418771030157824000
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151886642257634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-wolf-of-wall-street-and-2013-re-cap

Half in the bag.
A fucking goat can eview movies better than these assholes.
so your sister called me yesterday I
said stop calling me she's always
calling she calls it the worst time she
calls when I'm in the bathroom
I gotta get up off the bathroom let me
tell you a little something about the
VCR repair business J's that's your name
Jay tell me tell me I would love to hear
what you have to say about the VCR
repair in the street some people think
this is a dying industry that we're
wasting our fucking time you know
repairing obsolete electronics you know
what let me tell you something you
fucking tell you something those pricks
they're wrong they're fucking wrong oh
really you really think that yeah I
think it I wouldn't have said it if I
didn't think it's you fucking moron I
would think that too if I was a fucking
retard let me tell you something VHS is
dead divid ism blowers they're on their
way out to shit the future is streaming
but streaming like a like fishing like
fishing and a stream media lists
entertainment your Roku's and your vogue
sees shit the fuck are you doing you
fucking mindless guinea fuck cutting up
vegetables a moment ago you was drinking
out of a beer bottle oh you see I'm in a
Martin Scorsese movie oh I get it
hey speaking of Martin Scorsese have you
seen mr. Plunkett lately yeah he's right
over there oh hi guys oh hi mr. plink it
oh you brought us lunch that's so nice
of you what all no no this is all for me
well gee mr. Plunkett that's an awfully
big lunch even for you
well here's the thing all right my
doctor says I need a triple bypass
surgery and also massive amounts of
angioplasty only my new health insurance
which starts January 1st isn't going to
pay for the operation you do realize
that it's December 31st right of course
I know it's December 31st that's why for
lunch today I'm going to eat 37 double
bacon cheeseburgers in order to induce a
massive heart attack if I have a heart
attack today they'll have to give me the
operation and my insurance will pay for
it
huh I guess that makes sense right well
I'm gonna have my lunch and when I start
having a massive heart attack you to
call 911 mr. plinking you can count on
us I always can speaking of eating
massive amounts of cheeseburgers have
you seen Jonah Hill's new film wolfing
down Wall Street what is that a slide my
name is Jordan Belfort at the tender age
of 22 I headed to the only place that
the fit my high-minded ambitions the
name of the game move the money from
your clients pocket into your pocket but
if you can make clients money at the
same time it's advantageous everyone
correct no the wolf of Wall Street stars
Leonardo DiCaprio as real-life Wall
Street a-hole Jordan Belfort
hey everybody Jordan Belfort here author
of the wolf of Wall Street and creator
of the straight line system the film is
described as a biography crime comedy
and it delivers all that hands a bag of
chips under the masterful direction of
Martin Scorsese was that was that
sarcasm no actually this time it wasn't
oh my god believe it or not it was not
sarcasm what did you think of the wolf
of Wall Street money Never Sleeps god I
thought this movie was great because it
featured the most realistic depiction of
a gay orgy that have ever seen you've
been to many I've seen a lot I mean I've
never been to a gay orgy before what why
is there telling texts that's just
confirmed for gay oh my god how did how
did but it's only on your side where it
says confirmed for gay like I try to
push it over to my side and it just
slides right back to your side this is
incredibly frustrating very weird but in
all seriousness I thought this movie was
great
it's probably the best movie I've seen
all year I think it's safe to say that
everybody that likes movies likes Martin
Scorsese right
there's some directors that are divisive
Quentin Tarantino or Christopher Nolan
but I think you'd be hard-pressed to
find someone that just thinks that
Scorsese is an asshole or that his
movies suck and so I was curious to see
this because of that but I wasn't very
interested in the subject matter I was
worried it was gonna be sort of a
heavy-handed preachy you know the anti
capitalists hypocritical movie made by
Hollywood which has never happened
before but no that's what I was worried
it would be and it was not bad at all
it's not even really a movie about Wall
Street it's a movie about addiction
addiction to money addiction to success
drugs and and it worked really well yeah
I agree with you I wasn't expecting the
heavy handed message of Wall Street is
bad you know Occupy Wall Street all that
stuff because it's it is Martin Scorsese
um and he's a man that makes murderous
gangsters sympathetic and and enjoys
indulging in that and that's what this
movie is it's it's three hours of visual
and entertainment comedy-drama it's
everything and it's at it's one of the
best movies of the year for sure it's a
one of the best movies I've seen in a
long time and I guess if I were to have
even the minors of complaints in this
movie which would just be that character
I mean the whole movies about that
character Jordan Belfort entrepreneurs
business owners sales people of all
types who of course is a real person who
wrote the book which is the movies based
on about all of his Wall Street excess
and spending and chaotic adventures and
drug use but you don't really get that
that arc that origin where you know like
Ray Liotta and Goodfellas though this
movie reminded me a lot of good fellows
because it's it's that especially the
end oh sure
Scorsese is just like ramping it up and
it's just like we gotta go here we go
the cocaine cocaine good falls in
Scarface there's lots of similarities
like that that character that starts off
at the bottom and makes it to the top
yeah that or Citizen Kane sure
Charles Foster Kane there's that you see
them as the innocence first before that
the corruption starts in the chaos yeah
and then the self-destruction and
resolution but I really didn't get a
good like feeling on who the jordan
belfort character was before the
destruction started a chaos so you don't
you don't feel that sympathy towards the
end yeah there's like like one line from
Matthew McConaughey or he's talking to
him and leo says something about like
well if you you know make a lot of money
for the client it's beneficial for
everyone and and Mantha McConaughey just
says no right he's like okay I know
that's kind of it and that's it and the
Matthew McConaughey over a lunch turns
him into the Wall Street monster yeah it
doesn't have that that gradual yeah
increase in in craziness who am I to
tell Martin Scorsese how to make a movie
but it's like Ray Liotta Ray Liotta is a
murderous gangster although they never
show murder anyone in Goodfellas but
he's he's involved in criminal
activities that result in the murder of
people so you're you're like you become
attached to these characters and then
they're they're really horrible people
at heart but still there's a sympathy
there well that's that's an interesting
thing to bring out our friend rich Evans
also saw this film he saw before we did
and he made the comparison to pain and
gain both based on true stories both
turned into dark comedies about awful
people an awful subject matter why does
this one work when that one is for
endorsing ask me again why does this
director but what's the different
director as far as the the movie ah Wow
style intelligence humanity I think
humanities the Vicki look at pain and
gain and it's clearly Michael Bay is
looking down on these characters it's
very they even stop the movie at one
point and have text come on screen that
says remember this really happened like
look at these idiots and this this movie
you know it treats them as real people
and it doesn't it doesn't it's not just
constantly mocking them it makes you
sort of understand them people say well
that type person that's sort
but I guess what that means is that they
try to distance themselves from them
it's someone else is not me but in
actuality I feel it's not someone else
it's it's us it's you and me and maybe
if we have been born under different
circumstances we maybe would have if it
would end up making the same exactly the
same mistakes and choices and doing
exactly the same things you know it's
like could these guys be bigger
knuckleheads
have you seen Wall Street I had what was
they have I've seen both Wall Street
films even the second one I did I was
the one person why did you see it just
curious yeah this is curious like after
so much time going back to this you know
this movie and revisiting it no
so anyways wolf of wallstreet what was
the message that you took away from from
this movie I'm just curious because
there is them
you mentioned the speech there Leo kids
and he's talking about their there's
that the woman that's one of the wall
street people and he's like she came in
she only had she is she was poor and
broke and she little kid she's a single
mother she asked for an advance and I
gave her an advance five times that and
she's like I love you and and you almost
yeah like wow he really is a good good
guy but then you're thinking like at the
same time that's money that they schemed
essentially or stole from other people
yeah that they they didn't earn that
money in the most honorable way possible
yeah and so it's like I it's like almost
Scorsese's like challenging you whether
or not to actually like this guy or I
got that too from the will probably talk
about a little bit later but the the
extended quaaludes fight sequence where
it's it's slapstick II it's incredibly
funny but then just with one cut to a
close-up of his daughter like peeking
around the corner like it's like a punch
in the gut the the quaaludes scene where
he accidentally takes a whole not
accidentally but he takes a whole bunch
of quaaludes that they think are duds
and they kick in and he's like like
convulsing and dragging himself along
the ground and yet they just it's just
dragged out for so long
and you're like hello why are they
showing us this for so long what's the
point of it
well it goes along with the theme of
excess I mean though the movie itself is
excessive and that scene in particular
it's like it starts off funny it's very
lean ER DiCaprio turns out is very good
at physical comedy
yeah he's crawling along the ground he's
trying to fall down the stairs to get to
his car to get back to his house and it
goes on so long it starts out funny and
then it gets sort of uncomfortable and
depressing and then it comes back around
to being funny by going on as long as it
does yeah and there's a lot of other
cuts in this movie too or I should say
direction where the the people in this
movie just it's almost like they act
like animals like monsters and it's it's
almost a caricature well look at Jonah
Hill the goofy teeth and the glass
yeah but I'm I keep thinking of like the
scenes where he's rallying people and
they cut to the guys in there just like
fuck yeah I don't know but they're
foaming at the mouth and they're all
yelling and it's like and then the
parties that they throw and so I am sure
there was excess in the 80s yeah cocaine
and prostitution and all the stuff but I
can't imagine these real people acted
that crazy okay but everything's
heightened it's very it's a very
heightened reality in this movie and
it's done for a purpose to show the the
excess this show the greed but without
the without the real slapped on message
he assumes the audience is smart enough
he he says an audience watching this
movie is intelligent enough I'm not
going to hand them the point of the
movie on a silver platter
and that's nice I like that
oh my god blink it does not look good
well remember if he starts to have a
heart attack we have to call 9-1-1 right
away oh I was just joking about that you
weren't serious were you yes Mike we
can't let him die this is the whole
reason he's staying in the VCR repair
shop remember oh the city tore down his
house but they didn't realize it was a
historic landmark so now he's gonna get
a huge settlement from that oh yeah I
remember now and because we're letting
him stay in the VCR repair shop we're
kind of hoping that if he does get a
whole bunch of money he'll give us some
but if he doesn't we'll just steal it
from him it's a win-win for us I started
my own firm out of an abandoned auto
body shop we won't be targeting to be
wealthiest 1% of Americans I love three
things I love my country I love Jesus
Christ and I love making people rich
hello but I needed to mold him in my own
image well as we've said this is Martin
Scorsese movie and and god bless him
that Martin Scorsese Thanks
he's in his 70s and he's still you know
there's more heart and passion and
energy in his movies than movies made by
filmmakers half his age or uh he's well
ahead of his peers yeah if you look at
the people you know he came from the 70s
there's like De Palma and George Lucas
and people like that and and they're all
mansions Ford flop EULA Coppola they're
all making crap now Francis Ford Coppola
make one good movie and then he coasted
for 78 years that one good movie you're
talking about is Jack right yeah so yeah
Martin Scorsese like Wow yeah still at
the top of his game there's you know
some movies I like if his more than
others but I don't think he's ever made
a movie that you would could say is just
bad no I didn't care much for gangs in
New York I loved Hugo I thought Hugo was
great oh yeah it's unfortunate that he's
so reliant on Leiner DiCaprio but leo is
good in this great I would dare say
better than most movies he's in but I
pictured this movie with a different
actor and I probably would have enjoyed
it a little more um but he is very good
in it and yeah you get Leo fatigue in
Scorsese movies it's just like get some
other actors yeah it has your leads
because departed good good very good
movie of Leo in his bad accents
everyone in departed is good except for
him but with this film with Scorsese
yeah gangs in New York you know but this
one was most like Goodfellas and that's
my one of my favorite movies of all time
where it's just that energy um do you
think this movie should have been cut a
little bit even you know I've seen a lot
of people talking about the length and I
was completely fine with it it flew by
for me there was only one very minor
sequence or I was like okay this can be
trimmed down now and so when Jonah Hill
is confronting the the guy he's given
the money to and the parking lot and
it's like okay a cop drove by I know
where this is going and they just kind
of keep arguing that's the only moment
in the movie where I was kind of taken
out of it that's something I wanted to
ask you about or bring up was um I felt
lots of improv yeah I don't know if
that's just like the way it was written
or if that was actual improv but there's
a lot of sequences in this where it's
just the two people talking yeah I think
it might have been real improv because
Jonah Hill seemed like he was throwing
some stuff out and that didn't seem like
it was in a script and then there was a
moment where I'm Rob Reiner seems to be
playing along and he says they're
talking about women shaving oh yeah that
felt like a Judd Apatow movie yeah yeah
and then he goes he goes oh I was born
too early like there was a slight pause
yes brain was catching up like weren't
you born too soon not too soon too early
you know where he had to think about it
for a moment yeah it seemed like a real
ad-lib it almost feels like a lot of
improv and I think that's probably why
that joke that scene with Jonah Hill and
the suitcase went on for so long cuz
he's doing all these jokes and I don't
know I don't know one of those scenes it
should be on the out take real it's it
certainly doesn't feel its length and
it's three hours long because this I
could have kept watching this movie yeah
it's one of those movies where you're
you're watching the scenes and you kind
of forget that you're in a theater
you're just watching it and you're
caught up in it especially a lot of his
his sort of rally speeches or they go on
for a really long time and you're just
wrapped up and watching them
with this script I'm gonna teach each
and every one of you to be the best I
was becoming a legend aren't you married
yeah but many people can't have friends
enemies I was making so much money I
didn't know what to do with it $26,000
who want dinner dad were not poor
anymore tell about the side we were
sorry
sighs that your cancer besides did cure
cancer that's the problem they were
there that's why they were expensive so
yeah Leonardo DiCaprio I still never
completely got away from the fact that
it's Leo cuz he does lots of shouting
that's as his go-to emotion in movies is
just shouting and that means intensity
but he is good what surprised me the
most was Jonah Hill I for me he kind of
told the movie yeah yeah a lot of those
scenes between Leo and him in this movie
reminded me of the dynamic between Joe
Pesci and Robert De Niro and the older
Scorsese mm-hmm yeah Jonah hell's good
and everyone's good and his Rob Reiner
shows up and he's yelling everyone's
yelling he reminded me of my dad and
that scene where he's yelling about the
phone ringing that would happen all the
time when I was growing up I'd hear the
phone ring and the other room I just
hear my dad go goddamnit
yeah top notch acting all across the
board and the best thing too is they're
all doing I am a sucker for vulgar East
Coast accents too cartoony uh no like
Daniel day-lewis and gangs in New York
you know he's right oh he's got the
mustache and there's some there's a
weirdness weird quality to it but this
like it's listed as comedy oh you have a
sentence this is a comedy it's a dark
comedy it but lately works as a dark
comedy it does but there are those does
like we're talking about there's some
tonal shifts that kind of they're like a
punch in the guy like when he's trying
to steal his own daughter and get out of
the house and yeah that is that was
intense and that worked as a dramatic
scene a tonal shift in a good way yeah
not in a bad way and yeah there are just
some sequences in this movie that it
looks like one after the other every
scene is just like a little mess
stirpes mm-hmm the movies fun to watch
it's it's like it's like you're watching
a real movie so you're watching a real
where you're intrigued and what's gonna
happen in the story yeah you know it's
gonna end up him going to prison that
that's something to bring up to is that
we've seen this type of story before
we've seen this type of story from
Scorsese before but it completely works
because of the the execution and the
performances and then lots of subtle
little touches like they they keep
cutting to like four by three video
footage here and there then there's a
couple moments where you hear characters
inner monologues work especially the
scene where he's talking to the Swiss
banker and they both have a exchanged
words in their minds yeah through looks
and that's probably pulled right out of
the book because it's a book but little
touches like that in a movie just added
to it and they just like put them in
wherever well just put them in wherever
I don't have to establish this I don't
have to set a thing where every
character is always we're always cutting
to their you know thoughts but let's do
it whenever I feel like and little
little touches like that it's just um so
much creativity so much energy it's
great
don't work for you man yeah my money
take you goose technically they work for
me
what would Martin Scorsese say if you
walked into this VCR repair shop right
now he would say oh my god that's
fucking disgusting and he would leave
over please tell me are you what the
surgery anymore just kill me Oh
anyway we saw the best film of 2013 and
the last day of 2013 almost what were
some other great films of 2013 or bad
films of 2013 that you 2013 may have
2013 seen 2013 well I saw two movies I'm
going to come together here because
they're very similar theme Attica Lee
one was borderline unwatchable and one
was very watchable which was The Bling
Ring and Spring Breakers The Bling Ring
is my last straw with Sophia Coppola I
think I hate her films mmm I like lost
in translation it's a really good movie
but everything else she's done is just
long shots meandering on nothing in this
Bling Ring movie it's about it's based
on a true story it's about these young
vapid girls living in Hollywood that
break into celebrity homes and steal
their shit and then that's the movie
they break into houses and they steal
stuff and then they get caught and then
the movie ends
I hate that Sophia Coppola she's the
daughter of Francis Ford Coppola because
that's a film I also saw this year
called twixt which starred that bloated
man Val Kilmer governor and and I guess
Francis Ford Coppola is going through a
phase where at age 84 he discovered that
there's a green screen
oh come on a background and that Francis
Ford Coppola he doesn't give a fuck
anymore I really think he's like I
directed Apocalypse Now I directed The
Godfather I don't give no fucks I'm
gonna shoot this on a camcorder and I
don't care I mean I can put a background
in without going to the actual
background do it with computers we'll
get Val Kilmer in front of the green
screen make sure you get a big green
screen though uh Wow like like terrible
but you wanted to compare Bling Ring to
a spring break
Spring Breakers which is a movie that
I'm glad I didn't see in the theater by
myself or would felt like a pervert but
it's it's a Harmony Korine film he sees
I have a love/hate relationship with
Harmony Korine I think he's a horrible
fraud I think it's sort of an emperor
has no clothes situation he's playing
pretends avant-garde filmmaker but his
movies always have these sequences and
these images that really stick with you
his movie Gummo there's a little little
scrawny kid in a bathtub a filthy bath
water eating spaghetti and it's like I
don't know he's sort of like a like a
pretentious John Waters without the
humor just going for shock value and
things like that and harmony Karine also
directed a movie called mr. lonely which
is about an item well it's about an
island of celebrity impersonators and
I'm have a feeling that's his most
personal movie because he's
impersonating an experimental filmmaker
he likes to cast Werner Herzog and stuff
and so it's clear whose influences are
but his movies are completely Hollow and
devoid of any sort of subtext and the
springbreakers movie is no different but
it's very gorgeous to look at visually
all his other movies are intentionally
ugly it's got a very sort of montages
visual style the whole movie so it has
sort of a dreamlike qualities so really
good visually really keeps you engaged
you're sort of hypnotized by the images
and there's lots of neon lights and
things like that and James Franco is
actually really great in it he plays a
white-trash rapper named alien and it's
the type of part he should be playing
Spring Break forever bitches well
speaking of characters with addiction
problems and bad New Jersey accents I
also saw a movie called Don John and it
was the writing and directorial debut of
Joseph gordon-levitt my body my pad my
ride my family my church my boys my
girls my porn
ah this movie was a stinker oh whoa J
let me ask you this what do you know
about Don John I know it's directed by
Joseph gordon-levitt and it's a and he's
addicted to porn that's pretty much all
I know okay well I'd also also I
gathered from the trailer that Scarlett
Johansson was doing the same voice she
does in the marble columns commercials
on sera Night Live
be cute I like you what I've heard about
the movie was that he spent a very long
time making it or writing it getting it
produced I guess sort of like his his
project I want to call it a vanity piece
or vanity project but it comes off like
it's supposed to be more depth full
thoughtful intelligent than it actually
is you get this kind of vibe that it's
he's trying to do this coming-of-age
story this really smart movie about
relationships and people and it comes
off as a little juvenile in in the the
intellectual department as far as how
the story progresses she caught me
watching porn that's it right hey how do
you watch that how do you watch all the
stupid movies are you watched is it
funny because the trailers make it look
like a comedy that's the thing it's not
okay you get the impression that it's
like a Seth Rogen Judd Apatow jerk-off
comedy but it really isn't it and that's
not really featured in the movie too
um I get more of the he's trying to do
like Saturday Night Fever rocky kind of
movie one of the things that happens in
the movie is he's befriended by Julianne
Moore he gets caught watching the porno
by Scarlett Johansson who turns in to
her character turns into this like crazy
bitch the the porno thing to her it's
like oh no this is cheating on me this
is awful you're a monster you have a
problem and then so he makes him take a
college course so they could become
something more than a bartender okay
sort of grooming him she's very
controlling and he's watching porno on
his cell phone in the college classroom
and before the lecture starts and
Julianne Moore comes up to him she's
like is that porno and he's like no
crazy lady would and then she's like
completely open and and you're like
where's this going and then spoilers and
then the arc of the movie surprisingly
is they fall in love so the hot girl
turned out to be a controlling crazy
bitch but the older woman turned out to
be a little more sensitive and and more
of an emotional connection to him that's
it huh that that's exactly what my
thoughts were at the end of it I was
going oh that's it
Wow we're on a roll with overly
simplistic and beauties here aren't we
so not a raunchy jerk-off comedy like
people were thinking but not a heavy
thoughtful character piece sort of just
like a move I think jgl could be a fine
director of actors but he should never
write a script ever again
well speaking of you mentioned coppola
and twixt sand we've been talking about
these seventies directors that have have
lost some of their their their spark
over the years I saw Brian De Palma's
latest film called passion that's the
title of the movie it's very memorable
she's dangerous Isabelle
things are so much more fun with Dirk
around aren't they whatever she needs I
supply I guess it was supposed to be his
attempt to return to the kind of stuff
he was doing in the 70s and 80s bonnie
double dressed to kill movies like that
really great movies I like Brian DePalma
a lot the thing I like about Brian
DePalma is this visual style he's very
kind of throws everything in very
stylish director very stylistic movies
and there are elements of that this was
stylistically designed to be it
stylistically designed either way
diminish those effects so wait.you he
wants to diminish the effects of what
was sigh listicle 'i designed to be then
it sounds like backtracking to me that
sounds like a big old contradiction so
yeah the movie has some really good
sequences really classics DePalma
moments it's kind of like if you go to
see like a band that used to be awesome
and they play nothing but their new
songs that all suck and then they play
like one or two classic songs and you're
like oh here we go it felt like that but
the story and the script is so like
underwritten and forgettable and they
work in an advertising agency and
they're backstabbing each other and
that's the plot of the movie
but Jay let me tell you while you're
watching a thought-provoking films by
classic directors such as Brian De Palma
yes I saw bad grandpa and let me tell
you Brian De Palma has nothing on bad
grandpa who directed bad Graham did
anybody direct that movie or did it just
kind of is just a bunch of people at
cameras and they shot some it made
itself okay yeah we're gonna get in
trouble for this they won't notice a
thing that's how it looks most the time
anyway I'm not a jackass fan and I
mostly enjoyed the movies although to me
the best parts of the movies are the
hidden camera joke stuff I don't like to
gross out stuff now and unlike the the
puking or dumping feces on one's head or
putting toy cars up a butt and getting
x-rayed like all that stuff it's just
like okay yeah I'm not laughing
hysterically at it like they are in the
movie but um when johnny Knoxville puts
on his old man costume and Spike Jonze
dresses up as an old lady and you hidden
camera pranks I find the hidden camera
stuff funnier and that's what this whole
movie is the movies hung on a very loose
plot of Grandpa taking a little kid
across country to go to his real father
and comedy and zoom and comedy ensues
one location after the other where they
set up or bad grandpa goes on does stuff
I don't even need to talk about the
movie but fun hidden camera pranks and
that's all it is
it's great I was johnny Knoxville in it
what do you do with that character for a
feature-length film because he works in
those little doses where it's like
always followed off grandpa I get it and
is there any attempted characterization
or edit is it just there there's like
they stamp on the little sweet moment
here and there okay but it's not
overdone and that's that's another thing
I liked about it too it has enough of a
story to keep things moving forward it's
not just one scene after the other but
it's not Shmuel tea and shoving in this
and that because it needs to because it
feels like it needs to know it's done so
it is what it should be a very thin plot
gets them from scene to scene to scene
I'm 86 years old well I did see a very
good movie called maniac it's a remake
maniac cup not maniac cop although
maniac the original maniac and maniac
cop were both directed by the same guy
so he really likes the word cop please
don't scream
she's so beautiful but yeah it's a it's
a remake of the I think 1980
oh good somewhat classic grindhouse
splatter movie maniac starring Joe
spinel really great Tom Savini effects
it's a movie I can't say I like the
original movie it's not a movie that's
easy to like because it's so sleazy and
you feel like you have to take a shower
after watching it but it's effective in
what it's trying to do and it's a movie
I've always always been fond of um then
people talk about like a lot of people
really like that Evil Dead remake they
say if you're gonna remake a classic
horror movie like this is how you do it
and I wasn't that sold on Evil Dead
remake it is okay but it felt too much
like a lot of it was trying to be the
same sort of style as the original and
this maniac remake is a perfect example
of how to remake an older horror film
it's it's a lot of the same elements
same story elements it's this creepy guy
that kills women scalps them and puts
their scalps on mannequins and this
movie takes that a lot of the same
elements but it's done in such a
drastically different style and a
different tone that it feels like a
completely different movie even though
it has almost all the same story
elements to it um really well-done it's
told from a first-person point of view
so you're literally in the eyes of the
serial killer a really great score kind
of a very 80s synth sounding score I
don't know if you've seen these Star
Wars reviews that are on YouTube no
they're done by like a creepy old man
and it's all from his point of view and
there were there were elements in this
maniac remake that felt like that
there's one part when he pulls out a can
of raid and he's spraying raid around
and you killed
women so uh yeah a lot of similarities
to this this weird YouTube character is
it that YouTube video come out before
this was made it did
well speaking of women killing sadistic
maniacs I also saw the film about Walt
Disney well speaking of porn addiction
and jerking off I also saw saving mr.
banks ladies and gentlemen we are
beginning our descent into Los Angeles
welcome mrs. P L Travers to the City of
Angels
it smells like jasmine Doreen and sweat
Oh Oh is that that that Disney film
about Disney making a Disney movie yes
mmm
yes well let me just speak to that I
haven't seen it I enjoyed this film
quite a bit uh yes it's got schmutz in
it
Disney is not portrayed as a pro-nazi
psychopath who has preserved his own
head in a jar as everyone knows he was a
belligerent fascist dictator a child
rapist hmm murderer and loony no it's
not about Disney Disney is in the film
and he's a main character it's not about
him
movies about the author of the Mary
Poppins books the films generally about
Disney trying to get the Mary Poppins
movie made and this woman is very
attached to her characters to her books
she's very specific she's very British
very uptight and dizzy so come on out
Walt Disney ain't come to California and
she she actually absolutely despises
what he does his cartoon characters he
thinks it's all silly and it's a really
interesting kind of character movie
because she was a real person and and
she lived it like her father was an
alcoholic mr. banks is her father all
right that's what I was gonna ask who
the fuck is mr. mr. banks is the
character in Mary Poppins but in real
life is he's based on her father okay
and her father was like an alcoholic and
drank himself to death and Mary Poppins
was real so it's sort of like her psyche
it's her coming to terms with stuff
about her childhood and letting go of
certain emotions and her feeling very
guarded about her characters and mainly
it's her having issues with her father
so it's not a small T silly goofy
Pro Disney movie is it's about other
things and it's a good movie so when is
Disney gonna make their film about the
making of Song of the South oh my god
oh I saw lastly jobs the the quickly
rushed into production exploitation
movie of the recently deceased Steve
Jobs oh my god
I saw it out of morbid curiosity I
assumed it was going to be bad but I I
am interested in Steve Jobs I think he
was an interesting person living a
helpful computer sees everything start
up so I was curious to see a movie
version of him and Ashton Kutcher is
just the worst so I was curious to see
him trying to portray a real human being
and he is laughably bad in the movie
really III would say it's almost worth
seeing just to see his terrible
performance almost the movie seems to be
going out of its way to portray Steve
Jobs as an asshole yeah like it's one of
those things or it's like oh he was a
tough person but he was a genius I think
is what they're going for but it's more
just oh he was just a dick to everybody
and then the movies over typeface it
isn't a pressing issue get out so as far
as Ashton Kutcher's acting would you say
he did a bad performance yeah I would he
was really bad okay yeah
much like wolf of wallstreet was based
on a book written by the guy himself I
saw a different movie based on a book
co-written by the guy himself called
captain Phillips and also starring Tom
Hanks who also portrayed mr. Disney lots
of similarities here this is a mask
Alabama we are an unarmed Frigga
we have two skiffs approaching with
armed intruders really good movie as far
as the movie goes it's it's the paul
greengrass right it's directed by paul
greengrass who does a lot of really he
did
United 93 really kind of goofy visceral
director like oh look at that this is
great yeah um just real bare-bones this
is what happened down down to brass
tacks like great stuff very engaging
movie great performance by Tom Hanks I
would say watch it I don't know there
were there was some controversy whether
or not there was a clearly accurate yeah
there's some talk about from like other
crew members of the boat saying that the
movies complete bullshit but well I mean
I like certain elements maybe but like
the ending really happened the like that
really happened
the asteroid hit the earth yeah captain
Phillips can you hear me
well we seems like the movies that we
saw that we didn't talk about another
half of the bags were mostly
disappointments oh he said dr. dr.
Caligari dr. Phillips saving well saving
mr. county's hell up saving captain Phil
so that was good
saving mr. banks captain Phillips bad
grandpa okay all approved yep but 2014
will bring us soon to be classics like I
Frankenstein a haunted house
- and the legend of Hercules don't
forget the remake of that classic movie
we all love
I can't wait for 2014 mm-hmm Hey look
mr. plinkus forwarding his fuckin mail
here what an asshole
is it hey it's a letter from his lawyer
they're saying that the city is ready to
settle with him and they want to see him
tomorrow morning oh that's great news
hey mr. pling good oh no I think mr.
plinkus died of a heart attack when we
were talking about the movie shit we
weren't even paying attention hmm I'll
call 911
oh wait hold on a second I'm not so sure
he's dead you know I've heard that when
you die you lose control of your bowels
hmm
