Apr 9, 2014
Captain America: The Winter Soldier	 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06G49ADFUh4
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/453869831478345728
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152062134037634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-captain-america-the-winter-soldier

Half in the bag.
I like to eat cheeseburgers yes thank you
thank you boy those events at the
lawyer's office sure didn't go like I
had hoped no no they didn't Jay hello
and welcome to half in the bag I'm Mike
and I'm Jay and we just saw the Avengers
1.5 Captain America to the Winter
Soldier part 1 most of the intelligence
community doesn't believe he exists ones
that do call him the Winter Soldier he's
a ghost
you'll never find him
Captain America the Winter Soldier is
another Marvel movie and it's a sequel
to the first Captain America movie house
it's fucking room is spinning this one
is about Captain America a huge plot
involving a shield or hydrants or
massive explosions and violence can
aaron rodgers beat up the man with the
iron arm can uncover the mystery of the
plot doesn't matter I don't know it's a
fuck away from me Mike what did you
think of Captain America the Winter
Soldier
I liked Captain America the Winter
Soldier it was good it was exciting
um it had a plot I could follow I was
invested sort of and then you know what
we're going to talk about this movie but
it's hard to talk about it without
getting into a lot of spoilers yes so
really I think we're gonna just come out
and say whole review spoilers be careful
just cuz I don't want to keep track of
what I'm saying so would you would you
recommend the movie I'd recommend the
movie yeah um I would also recommend the
movie spoilers I wouldn't it's weird
that we're doing a recommendations off
the bat right right up front but I
wouldn't recommend it to little kids no
we learned from firsthand experience
that little kids will be bored by this
movie yeah they'll be bored and there's
a lot of murder and violence in it I
know it was great and that's what I
liked about it yeah it had sort of like
a Bourne Identity Mission Impossible
kind of vibe to the storyline and how
things are executed but yeah there's it
everyone gets shot ever everyone but
Aaron Rodgers just shoots everybody yes
so wonderful rich rich rich does Captain
America kill people or does he have a
like a pussy code of ethics like
Superman or Batman
we need answers
okay well get out get out then can't
help us the fuck out I can't help us get
the fuck out but the point I'm trying to
make is under 12 maybe yeah there's no
there's no flying alien monsters
there's no whacky supporting characters
or there's a little bit of comedy but it
mostly comes from the dialogue just
banter a little bit here and there it's
not as light-hearted as the Avengers was
yeah it's Jason Bourne with the shield
mm-hmm and some more sci-fi gadgets and
some sci-fi gadgets Mort more techno
gadgets which is why I got the Mission
Impossible vibe with all the guy got a
hack into this computer in a blue also
unfortunately got a Star Wars The
Phantom Menace vibe from this son Oh No
the Jedi Council meeting with my
characters yeah and this some spoilers
of course this elaborate plot of
takeover by Hydra this one made sense
though that happened right under Samuel
Jackson's nose sort of I could follow
what was happening in this one that was
nice and and the premise was giant ships
in the sky will shoot people with
pinpoint accuracy all over the world
yeah and it's like if that doesn't give
a small child nightmares I don't know
what will
are you ready all it takes is one step
people are gonna die
can't let that happen
Captain America needs my help
well I was surprised when the Winter
Soldier whatever his name is in comic
book floor his name is Bucky which kept
making me think of the avenging disco
Godfather in this movie every time these
either talked about him being evil now
is this thing and Bucky what have they
done to you rusty what is you done to
your hair what has he had what has he
had yeah yeah
when Bucky takes his mask off and it's
like and then uh several fat guys with
beards in the audience go oh yeah
everyone else goes what I didn't know
who that was
I saw ok first Captain America movie in
the theater and it's left my brain yeah
yeah Captain America the winners fights
the winter soldier who was Bucky within
an amazing coincidence his friend Bucky
fell off a train in and landed in the
ground and thankfully he survived
because he had previously been part of
the Hydra prison camp where the little
guy with glasses the evil scientist
turned him into an evil soldier goes
like Captain America but Bucky didn't
know it yet that's how I was able to
survive the fall of a train and then
then then the the the intelligence of
the little scientist man is trans
transfused into 1970s computers I know I
like the awesome it was it was so goofy
I liked it though it was in a movie that
that was and we say this movie took
itself seriously but it wasn't brooding
dark night serious um it was just sort
of a straight action movie
and that was like a goofy er element
yeah and like that there were little
things like that sprinkled throughout
where they didn't you didn't roll your
eyes or didn't take you out of the
movies this fun little goofy sci-fi
comic book stuff yeah it was a perfect
blend between the brooding Dark Knight
Miss and then two wacky or campy which
the Spider Man movie did not achieve
that I think this one does you know
there's a basic little character arc for
Captain America you know he's a he's a
guy who likes good and evil black and
white and then he's transported in the
future where there's all these
conspiracies and he doesn't know to
trust and now I'm the Captain America
and I'm gonna save the day but he
doesn't know what's going on I think
I've grown to like the Captain America
character I think I used to probably
think he was boring I never really
thought about it much at all but I like
he's very simple and that's sort of
refreshing with all these movie all
these comic-book movie
now yeah emits this plot of spy intrigue
and double-crosses Captain America kind
of just shines out as just this beacon
of truth justice and the American Way
unlike Superman which is good because we
don't have a fucking Superman violence
monger and I was wondering the whole
time is that Robert Redford or is that a
really old man yes
is that him cuz I he looks like a
grandpa he is a grandpa now Robert
Redford is a hundred and twenty seven
years old I thought he died because I
always saw his face on my salad dressing
and then I'm like oh he's dead now is
that what happened Sanders only died
they put him on salad dressing labels
well yeah yeah or am I thinking of Paul
Newman Paul Newman's deader than Robert
Redford mmm-hmm
Robert Redford is alive by Hollywood
magic Stan Stan Stan Winston filled him
with animatronics doesn't Stan Winston
dead Dan Winston is dead and he is also
on my salad dressing bottom who else is
in this movie what happened to Jeremy
Renner what happened to all the other
Avengers yeah that's one of the things
these movies always have to kind of deal
with this why don't they just call up
the other Avengers now I which I'm okay
with like I you know you just kinda have
to go with it because there's standalone
movies you have to have to accept that
they can all just show up you know
logically they should yeah this is a
pretty big deal the fact that the entire
shield agency is is crumbling and well
yeah I would say out of the the
standalone movies this one has the
biggest consequences for the overall
yeah it's almost like an Avengers 2
without all the Avengers characters and
like major shit happens and they're
setting some stuff up yeah which is one
of those things you know you gotta like
Marvel's done a really good job I think
of balancing all this shit and having it
make sense and having it connect you
know I like some of the movies more than
others but they're they're ambitious
which is nice and they are willing to
take some risks yeah I mean this movie
brought the guardians of the galaxy
movie everything about that's fucking
weird and they're taking a chance on
that and this movie not only does it not
feel like any of those other Avengers
movies it doesn't even feel like a
sequel to Captain America
it's like you take that Captain America
character and put him in a completely
different genre they did a great job
with their storyline you know I mean
what the what you would expect from a
movie like this but really top of the
line in terms of everything else like
the fight scenes in this were really
great yeah great action same with the
Iron Man movies and I know x-men is
marvel but if you compare something like
this to that x-men first class
boom everything was like a cartoon it
looked like a TV show it was real cheap
and I don't know why for some reason
these like the spider-man movie looks
cheap the x-men movies look cheap I hope
the Bryan Singer one Days of Future past
kind of I'm assuming it will ups ups it
a little but these ones stand out well
this one in particular like lots of
practical stunts lots of practical car
crashes and explosions and that was
there's a really great car chase
sequence that I thought was well done a
little too much shaky cam in parts but
not as bad as some other modern action
movie yeah the assassination attempt on
Nick Fury was one of the most exciting
sequences in the movie yeah more so
exciting than the ending of all the
giant spaceships exploding yeah and all
that all that action this is funny I
think about this movie you know it's
just slick well made well executed
engaging action movie and I was just
thinking about the Albert poon Captain
America movie we get the rubber ears
time how horribly challenged there was a
little nod to that movie in this or at
least I hope it was an intentional nod
where they're driving and Scarlett
Johansson says to him when did you learn
to steal a car it's like that's his big
move and the other Captain America movie
he steals cars
price of freedom time
and it's a price I'm willing to pay
he told me not to trust anyone
this is how it ends everything goes
looks like you giving me orders now
captain damn right would you say this
movie stands as a its own movie where
you don't have to follow all the Marvel
Universe shit to enjoy it I would say so
yeah I mean you have to have some
reference with shield and all that but
there's a nice little scene where Aaron
Rodgers goes to the Smithsonian exhibit
for Captain America and he's kind of
looking around and so Captain America
was a weak soldier became there so it
says exposition backstory done in a
visual way not in a visual way that tied
you to the past they explained what
shield is and then the the real
exposition comes when the guys whose
brain is in a computer no that's that's
the classic you're about to die so I'm
gonna explain the entire plot been
stalling
this whole time so there are two nice
little exposition scenes that explain
everything so yeah it is a standalone
movie but you know having some context
house yeah I I do worry about that
becoming because I think it works as its
own movie to is just a straight action
movie certain things I think the stakes
feel higher if you are more familiar
with shield and Hydra and all that stuff
but yeah I do worry about future Marvel
movies and it's just becoming a big
confusing mess of you got to see Captain
America to to understand you know Thor
five and like there's no here's the part
where I get cynical this Captain America
movie is like the biggest opener in
April no really it's one hundred times
the amount that the original Captain
America made it's like it's doing really
really well okay you know and I think
people just want to go and see people
fighting and explosions and really it's
not like you have to be a genius to
figure all this out they're just going
to keep throwing bad guys that want to
do bad things just like comic books have
been going along for 100 years yeah you
know but I wonder if that's partially
why they don't bother to put like we
talked about with the second Thor movie
oh it's not Thor - you know it's Thor
subtitle yeah
and this movies you know Captain America
subtitle if it's like they think in 20
years when people want to watch these
movies it doesn't matter what order you
watch them in do they not care cuz that
this is gonna become even more of a mess
maybe
but everything is just a subtitle yeah
we're setting Avengers two up for some
sort of space God to come and something
with Thor yeah because not only do you
have to watch all these movies
you can't watch Captain America Captain
America - Captain America 3 they're not
numbered so you don't know and then you
also have to watch these other movies
that connect to it and here's the thing
though no matter what movie you're
watching no matter how a pic can scale
they make it it's always going to boil
down to there's a big fight at the end
and then something shoots down from the
sky or something big is flying around
blows up yeah and then that's all people
want so you're saying for a general
audience they're not concerned about the
details
no no the only thing I can foresee and
it's already happened to me is is mental
burnout from overload of special effects
and big massive exciting things
happening because to me it's you know
it's starting to happen yeah especially
with Man of Steel yeah and that's
another thing I liked about this movie
it was scaled back quite a bit you're
talking scaled back is in three gigantic
that's it warships yellow did that feel
scaled by blowing up that feels scaled
back but um yeah and then the Thor one
was a little scaled back to where
there's this big thing happening but
it's very confined in in a global sense
Superman one no and I really don't look
forward to that Superman Batman team up
movie now and then I don't know at some
point you'd think the general population
will get kind of tired of the same thing
but you never know III don't think so
yeah I don't think so so I think they're
they're going whoever is behind these
Marvel movies is going to collect most
of the money in the world you talk about
the the growing gap between the classes
the rich and the poor will be Marvel and
everyone else all the money is filtering
towards Marvel the Marvel gets richer
and the poor get poorer Rey right in
twenty eight billion dollars and forget
about the oil companies it's Marvel you
have to worry about
how do we know the good guys from the
bad guys if they're shooting at you
they're bad
you
so I really like Scarlett Johansson in
this movie - I thought she was much
better utilizing in the the other movies
yeah I character realistic I hear you
guys are talking about new Captain
America movie that's right - think
you're hot shots huh all gonna see how
good your memory is I've written down
some comic book movies on these cue
cards and you're gonna tell me what the
plots were okay Iron Man the first Iron
Man Iron Man 1 yes um Tony Stark builds
an Iron Man suit and then Jeff Bridges
builds a bigger Iron Man suit and then
they fight correct Mike x-men origins
Wolverine Wolverine it hides in Alaska
hold on good give infinite here he is oh
he has to team up with Sabretooth at the
end on a nuclear reactor he gambits in
it uh can we phone a friend
no so Ryan Reynolds is Deadpool and he
has Cyclops his eyes Wolverine's claw
arm swords and then they all fight at
the end correct I would have accepted
gambit isn't it ok Jane that's Hulk
which one the Hulk Angley Hulk yes
that's the hope the other one is the
Incredible Hulk I just said hope oh my
god what happened to that one he becomes
the Hulk and then nick nolte becomes
another Hulk and then they fight Coran
Mike yes the Fantastic Four the dark
surfer Rises I only saw the first one
incorrect J Green Lantern I didn't see
Greenland you could pass that over to me
yeah Pass pass to mine ok ok the Green
Lantern grow Ryan Reynolds is a New York
taxi cab driver by day and that's
completely wrong I have no idea whether
professionals
he oh my god I know he flies her on his
face there's a there's a fish man I see
I saw this movie ok
I really saw this movie Ryan Reynolds
gets the power of the Green Lantern
somehow I don't remember how does he
have to stop a bad guy at the end I'm
sure he did well Michael I think there's
a monster on an alien planet that wants
to do something I keep he he correct J
x-men 3 Oh God uh mutant rights and and
then everybody fights correct Mike
aren't you a lucky fucker
a girl Vereen how can you be more
specific
no Wolverine which x-men film are you
talking about the Wolverine the new one
where he goes to Japan that would be the
Wolverine hope that you already asked me
about x-men well those laxman origins
Wolverine this one is a Volvo Vereen
which is a distinct entity from x-men
origins Wolverine thank you
you might be confused because Hugh
Jackman is in both movies I am believe
me Wolverine is is a living as a hermit
and then a Japanese businessman who he
saved during World War two in from
nuclear bomb explosion says I want to
talk to the Wolverine and a Japanese
girl goes and gets him and brings him to
Japan he says I'm dying
I need your Wolverine powers to live and
then the ultimate plot is that the
Japanese man wanted to put himself
inside a giant samurai suit and punch
everything mm-hmm and then Oh what was
the lady's name not the not the lady
with the big fingernails no she's like a
like a lizard lady the lizard yes the
poison ivy no whatever I think her name
was poison ivy no husband fight poison
oak Oh
venom anyways he fights her or the girl
fights him and then Wolverine pushes the
the
robotic Samurai off a cliff at the end
correct
okay Man of Steel a Superman destroys
the audience Craig my spider-man 3 uh
tobey maguire dances like an apple
correct J daredevil that F let can't see
anything and then he embarrasses himself
correct Mike the Avengers
ah correct Jane Iron Man 2 uh Mickey
work sits around with his parrot for the
whole fucking movie and then they fight
once correct Mike ghostrider I didn't
see the first one correct
Jane The Incredible Hulk uh Edward
Norton is the Hulk and he fights another
hole correct Mike Kent woman oh I didn't
see Kevin nobody saw a cow correct J the
Fantastic Four they go into space they
become superheroes
Wow
