Feb 13, 2014
Robocop (1987)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThWGN0igAsk
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/434072779931938816
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10203252075208438
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-robocop (archive.ph/kRXHh)
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-robocop

Half in the bag.
I'd buy at for a dollar.
hello hello I've been on hold for 10
minutes listen I'm looking for something
to prop up a large elderly man for a
trip to his lawyer's office Oh a
wheelchair that's actually a pretty good
idea he is elderly you see I was going
to go with a complicated system of ropes
and pulleys and kind of make it look
like he was walking but a wheelchair
makes perfect sense now listen do you
have anything to mask a very terrible
odor kind of like the odor of a body
decomposing like I'm looking for some
kind of a like a cream or a salve you
know that I could have jail rub all over
his naked body ask him about the smell I
just asked him about the smell I'm
talking to the guy now it's just like a
dead body back there I know it smells
like a dead body that's because there is
a dead body back there genius yeah yeah
about the salve oh uh Walmart I'll call
you back hello officer dead body in the
back I mean the officer police officer
man yo there's definitely not a dead
body in the back I don't know why that
slipped out can we help you with
something unrelated dead bodies nothing
you do we can't help you with a dead
body if that's what you're here for
yeah there's definitely not a dead but I
need a VCR fixed we can do that that has
nothing to do with dead body need to
watch a police training tape or
something I don't I'm not saying you
need training I'm just saying maybe you
do what he looks like he might need
trained him I I don't maybe he's not
yeah oh help you yeah the sulfa factory
across the streets been complaining
about a smell coming from your repair
shop what kind of smell could possibly
come from our repair shop and say it
smells like a dead body
that's horseshit sir to be honest to be
frank with you
that's horseshit frankly I'm starting to
question your intelligence officer what
we do here is we fix VCRs and we
occasionally talk about movies Oh movies
I love movies oh really what's your
favorite movie why being a cop my
favorite movie is Howard the Duck well
that it that is a very good movie but
since you're a cop I assume you've seen
the original Robocop I don't know what
that has to do with being a cop
but of course I've seen it do you want
to sit down and talk about Robocop with
us that sounds like a great idea
yeah it's much funner to talk about
Robocop that it is to talk about dead
bodies in the back of our VCR repair
shop I can't believe we distracted this
dumb asshole
so I don't think Robocop the original
really needs much of an introduction
we've all seen it many times right yes
I'm assuming you have officer I've never
met my life before but I'm guessing you
frog eyes I've seeded some kind of limes
so so here is a question is Robocop a
perfect movie nearly perfect it's a
perfect said tire it's set it's perfect
in its tone and an execution it's it's
very funny um but it's also a really
great action movie as an action movie I
can find one flaw in it not enough
people get thrown through glare of
people get thrown through grass
Robocop is just too good when he fights
normal human criminals at the end of the
movie yeah I even though they got those
awesome guns I never really feel in
danger of Robocop losing that battle
because he's he's fucking Robocop yeah
and they're just human beings okay but
that's a minor very minor not as I
wouldn't call it a complaint it is a
ding on the perfection okay as far as
you talk about like like movies like
classic movies like Citizen Kane like it
feels weird to like talk about Robocop
as some sort of masterpiece it's it's
perfect in the sense that everything it
sets out to do it accomplishes
flawlessly it's obviously not a perfect
drama it's not trying to be a drama
there's there's drama in it too though
yeah and it works in the context of a
Robocop yeah that's the thing it's like
yeah you have to look at it like if
you're gonna make a movie about a
robotic police officer you could not do
it better than all the girl that does
with this movie it is the world's worst
romantic comedy madam you have suffered
an emotional shock I will notify a rape
crisis center yeah it's definitely not a
classic film in the in the usual sense
of the word
but yeah like rich said or sir officer
my name is rich cosmos rich wicked like
rich Kozlowski officer Keselowski said
it's it's perfect and everything that it
sets out to do bitches leave I mean you
could take the material and have a
completely different story that's that's
about a man like which is what I fear
the new one's going to be about about a
man who's you know torn and trying to
discover himself they throw those
elements in here but for the most part
this movie is very tongue-in-cheek it's
very satirical and it knows exactly what
it is that you shouldn't take the
concept of a robotic police officer in
the future too seriously but it takes it
seriously enough and it doesn't get into
the it doesn't doesn't get into the wife
and kids subplot all that much it's just
no it touches on and that's sort of what
triggers his attempt to regain his
humanity and that's yeah it's like the
perfect balancing of every possible
element like a wife and kids aren't even
the point the point is simply
generically his humanity yeah yeah
operation that turns person into a
machine well that's that's another thing
like you get you get mock Robocop like
and if you want to look at it
realistically like he's slow he wouldn't
be able to catch criminals that's
inefficient but it sells the idea of a
man that's now a machine you know the
way he moves yeah needs to be slow and
robotic yeah and they give him a bigger
gun than everybody to compensate but
it's more important to sell the fact
that he's a machine rather than have you
jump around and do action things yeah
exactly it's more about him learning to
narrowly were saying his humanity coming
back that's what the movie is about more
so than awesome
robot action Robocop is the result of a
slimy corporate weasel the corporation
owns the police horse could give a crap
about protecting and serving the public
but he does and he's like a
contradiction almost yeah that's what
makes it interesting it's like it's not
likely we all got together and created
the perfect cop machine and everyone's
like it's just so so sleazy we need
product yeah yeah so sleazy and so like
cynical yeah well then and there's a
little little ray of hope from Robocop
is he actually kind of charism you know
anyone sleepy he's a hero you could you
could root for yeah it's a perfect
satire in American culture it's a
perfect action movie it's a perfect cup
movie it's got a nice little drummel of
finding yourself in there I love it and
there's also comedy too
this movie uh very accurately predicted
the future
we got DVDs we've got little portable
GPS systems
Detroit is on the verge of collapse mmm
yeah Delta City it just seems like a
good idea to me well I'd like that
element of the first one tour it's like
this looming thing they're talking about
we're gonna start construction on it in
two months it's just like a little
detail and it's not like Oh movie
doesn't revolve around it and that's
that's like the I'm not as big of a
sci-fi guys you too but that's the kind
of thing I like in movies just a little
like background details that make the
world feel so real uh-huh that terrible
sitcom that everybody thinks is funny
yeah everyone in the future has a very
bad sense of humor apparently will that
be in the remake I buy that a dollar you
know what they're gonna sneak in the
line okay but it's not gonna have
anything to do with that that fake
sitcom mmm-hmm is my great pleasure to
present to you Robocop also on a
storytelling level it's like the perfect
execution it's the perfect I love how
simple and straightforward it is it's
not full of convoluted shit
and it's like 90 minutes right isn't
this movie oh nice one hour and 35
minutes get in get out yeah well hit
thought oh it's 103 minutes
it feels shorter than that mm-hmm it
hits all the right marks yeah all in the
perfect order but it also indulges in in
its in its world a little
how does this movie work without the
like the commercials and the news
reporters I think it would still work
yeah it would lose a little bit of that
like because everybody in this movie is
just so cold detached they would lose a
liver to that everything in this movie
is exaggerated yeah
sure it's only a glitch a temporary
setback you call this a glitch but you'd
look at like the the the conference room
scene where the guy gets blasted into a
million pieces like that still conveys
the same sort of tone as the commercial
yeah would so I mean they took 80s
America and they just like kicked it up
like another couple of years the
commercials too and the news reports the
service a creative and fun way to do
exposition - yeah without setting up
like we in the future here everything's
gone to shit you know this this is they
present the news reports just like you
would see a news report but all these
horrific things have a space laser
misfires and can ensue they do it they
don't while they're smiling yeah that
only just brush past then go to another
story and then they go to a commercial
about kids at a board game it's it's
similar to Starship Troopers and they
explain the whole like it's the back
story the back story hugs and then you
know do you got to do your part the
propaganda stuff and yeah
without--without over explaining it and
without those those things in there it
would just be the straight-up story
because all these characters are in
their world so you would need someone to
explain to you how the future is and
it's great they have the news to it and
it works perfectly but I guess like the
ed-209 thing like falling down the
stairs and that kind of that kind of
humor separate from the humor in in the
news reports yeah that's that's not
satirical that's more situational humor
it's like they they they spend all this
time to build this giant robot thing and
didn't think about stairs but there's a
lot of little moments like that in there
and then there's really violent horrific
moments - like how come they how can
they work together so flawlessly because
everything is heightened just enough I
think like but you look at like a
contrast between that boardroom scene
where the guys getting blasted to bits
and then the scene where Murphy's
getting killed and like that's not funny
right like it's just executed in a way
where it's really horrific and it goes
on so long that you really feel for the
guy and then the transition from that to
you know screens black and then the
shooting it opens up and it's Robocop's
vision it's like the perfect way to
execute that
story I've never really thought about it
they do do the exact same thing and they
get two entirely different emotions out
of you yeah yeah it completely works
because I think a lot of it is Peter
well or two like if you don't know how
important he is to making Robocop
convincing look at the third movie where
they replaced it with some other asshole
unfinished business
I still haven't seen the third movie oh
you've seen it
imagine Robocop without the the horrific
violence and and satirical tone is it
not her no it was pg-13 what the fuck
yeah
what kind of stupid asshole would make a
pg-13 Robocop
we just rewatched Robocop
even though I think we've all seen it
numerous times but I've seen a second
one more than I've seen the first one
really yeah you may be the only one I'm
a big fan of the second one I consider
it almost as good as the first one I
turned you on but I denied it yes it was
terrible oh I'll give it a chance this
guy you've never met before yeah I know
walls weird oh whatever you had a mahat
arrested me for public drunkenness
I reckon is he and drunkenness maybe
about 10 years ago and okay while I was
in the in the tank you you gave me a
copy of Robocop - hmm okay well it's
okay well it's it's it's hard to you can
only gush so much about how amazing
Robocop is but a lot of people don't
like Robocop - very much I I like it a
lot it is flog I'm not saying it's
perfect but there's a lot of just great
fun ideas in Robocop - that's that yeah
that's what keeps it going because it's
not like the first Robocop like perfect
streamline straightforward yeah story in
the second one it's muddled it's a lot
of good ideas and but nothing ever
really gels into a cohesive story
yeah Robocop disappears from the movie
for like half an hour's like Robocop
Sark is like solved halfway through the
movie and then for the rest of the movie
they don't know what the fuck to do with
Robocop yeah yeah lots of good scenes
though we can't I've thought like like
you know and then Robocop to this when
they put off like the hundred and eight
directives in his head he's all fucked
up because because of committee
corporate thinking yeah his are I mean
really the him electrocuting himself -
erases Murray that shouldn't happen
right before the battle at the end with
Robocop - but Robocop - I like the fact
that there is literally a Robocop - yeah
well yeah that's that's a nice terrible
thing to do this is the name of the
meadow thing yeah yeah it's actually
about Robocop - right
it's not just the sequel it's it's a
it's a double entendre and the title um
yeah that sequence is great when they
show the failed example it gives me
great pleasure to introduce to you
Robocop 2
that scene I think is better than any
seen in the original Robocop yeah the
movie itself isn't better than the the
IDI 209 scene I think so and then they
show the one guy the doctor gets shot
and then they just cut to him he's got a
kiss and he goes like that like geez
bear the next day so there's there's a
lot of humor and the same kind of the
style is the same even though it's not
paul verhoeven it's cursed nur yeah the
12 year old kid that becomes tries to
become like a crime lord yeah mouth and
yeah the the little italy team yeah the
only team robbing the store the
electronic store Frank Miller is ready
Frank Frank Miller and he's he's batshit
crazy mm-hmm yeah was that just a
work-for-hire for him like Frank Miller
here read the script you see he was
trying to get in Hollywood at the time
yeah the funny thing is I've heard they
know they rewrote his script I've heard
his actual original script is a lot more
crazy well they say it makes less sense
yeah I know they adapted his version
into a comic book I haven't read it
I haven't read it either but it's it's
infamous well considering the the track
record of sequels yeah especially from
the 80s oh yeah Robocop 2 is is a
diamond in the rough
it works on it does have some issues
boat is my favorite line in all movie
history
this would look bad for OCP jump
scramble the best in team we have I know
you just hope this thing just shot up
everybody this massacre dozens of people
yeah spin people up yeah yeah just
dismiss it right away but almost as good
as the first maybe even better
oh my god it goes it goes into the end
to the ultra schlock territory which I
which I approve of the first one is more
of on the ground you know first is a
well-oiled machine
first ones a well-oiled machine second
ones a well-oiled machine that's kind of
out of control the second one is Robocop
2 you are both captain and then Robocop
3 is not even worth discussing
uh-oh Robocop 3 I still haven't seen it
now isn't worth watching just for
curiosity I have tried watching it many
times and I don't think I've ever sat
through the whole movie in one sense
because it's so fucking boring
it's what the original Robocop could
have turned into in the hands of a
different filmmakers when Nancy Ellen
insisted on being killed off she gets
killed off early on and it doesn't have
any effect on anything and then Robocop
gets a jetpack they have um ninja robots
yeah
hey I don't we can't remember when
Overland members Robocop something
happened in Robocop 3 all I know is he
flew around on a jetpack against the
green screen
I'm fearful of the numerable cop you
know what it'll be forgotten about in a
few months you know they should remake
his Total Recall oh they did it was
forgotten about in three months they
didn't remake total wreck they did it
yes they did it was forgotten about in
three months they took out a lot of the
satirical comedy elements and they tone
down the violence it was forgotten about
in three months
well that's the thing with with remakes
we can say like we can complain about
this element or that olan and say like
you know it's not like the original but
that's like with a remake you make it
too close to the original and people say
why bother it's just like the original
you hear too far in a different
direction people say I don't like it
because it's too different than the
original but what what would be like
aside from just not remaking Robocop
which would be the smartest thing to do
what would that middle ground be would
be just completely different story about
a robotic policeman that has that same
sort of satirical tone like would that
be the most satisfying way to make a
pointless remake my vote for that would
be a completely different Robocop I mean
can you name an example of a remake that
just went in a completely different
direction from the original in in what
sense
story-wise are like every specimen well
I mentioned in a recent half on the bag
the maniac remake okay that to me is
like the perfect way to do a remake or
like the fly the 80s fly you know guy
turns into a fly that's the only
connection yeah or the thing anything or
body-snatchers or stuff like yeah I
think the key is that you have to have
someone making it that wants to remake
it where it's not like committee
thinking whenever people say oh there
are some good remakes they always go to
those same couple uh-huh and the thing
they all have in common is that they're
made by people that wanted to make them
not by a soulless committee and not just
by profit off of a brand name exactly
has there ever been successful well not
no I won't say successful but a good
remake out of a a pre-established
robbery that was actually good to begin
with like the fly I mean it was kind of
just schlock generic cheap yeah a cheap
b-movie have they ever made something
that was already really successful and
remade it well like an original that was
successful yeah Ridge a'l it was
successful very popular and then it gets
remade and then the remake is also good
you could you could probably argue Donna
the dead there go like that was a super
eerie time up successful as far as the
film goes or as far as box also goes
that box office you can package any shit
that's true
oh honey yeah the Dawn of the Dead
remake maybe because and that's coming
for me who loves the original song still
haven't seen the room it's you know it's
a completely different thing it's a it's
more of an action movie than anything
yeah that's a good idea of taking
original concept and making completely
different yeah um except for the basic
framework which is people are in a mall
and they're zombies
that's the only somewhat similar
connection maybe the Friday the 13th
remake it's basically just another
Friday the 13th movies yet they're all
crap
it's Jason killing dumb annoying kids in
the woods you just you just jettison
space Jason never that never happened
yeah yeah I don't like to be this
cynical like thinking about these
remakes but they make it so hard not to
be I know I know
instead of seeing Robocop go see robot
and Frank the touching story about Frank
Langella and a little robot that helps
them steal shit does that what it oh
great yeah I guess if you want to see a
more recent movie that has the tone of
Robocop but watch Dredd yeah the guy
made Dredd should have made the Robocop
remake if there has to be one it doesn't
there doesn't really does not be a
Robocop remake I understand that but
it's inevitable yeah just as gremlins is
inevitable um what are the other big
ones that haven't been remade yet or do
for police academy remake do you find
those movies offensive I find them very
accurate hmm wait was your time in
police academy police academy just as
wacky well there are more horse what
does the real police academy contain as
many boner jokes I've since more boners
I don't know about jokes though okay so
boners and whores yes that all that's
happening at sometimes just boners Oh at
the police academy that you trained in
yes and what police academy was that I
trained the police academy seven okay
when are they gonna remake TJ Hooker
next week it's coming out
movie theaters starring blackjack
they're gonna remake TJ hooker but for
sensitivity purposes it's going to be
called TJ sex worker I write jokes for
Jay Leno
I can tell see that's a joke well it's
been fun talking Robocop with you boys
but yeah I really should get back to
investigating that suspicious dead body
smell oh hey officer I know that the
last thing you want to hear is that they
took a perfectly awesome action movie
and dumbed it down into pg-13 cash-grab
especially something like Robocop but
would you like to spend $60 and go see
it with us anyway yeah sure why not
I'll give Hollywood my money so they can
keep churning out more crap that I'll
hate let's go all right yeah
