Jan 20, 2014
The Legend of Hercules and Her
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zTHQznVs00
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/425397169672032257
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10203074893459005
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-legend-of-hercules-and-her

Half in the bag.
Kevin James is a poor man's hobo.
yeah I know it's crazy that
we're so busy especially considering the
fact that VCRs are a completely dead and
outdated technology that no one uses
anymore but um yeah I would say we're
booked solid till the end of the year
I could try next year yeah I know you
don't want to wait that long
look let me let me look into this and
I'll get back to you okay all right who
is that what do you think it was J was a
customer he wants his VCR fixed right
away I had to tell him you know we're
booked solid through December Mike it's
not December anymore wha no you idiot
you forgot to flip the calendar which
means fuck you it's January fuck you
it's January's the most magical time of
the year you know what that means it
means it's time for Hollywood to take
out their garbage that's right Mike they
use our own neighborhood movie theaters
to dump their waste I feel just like
someone on a boat underneath Dave
Matthews Band's tour bus what movies do
we have to look forward to in January
not much day but boy oh boy are there a
lot movies like our normal activity sit
don't forget that other found-footage
classic Dudley's do hits such a hit
Roger Ebert didn't even review it what
else do we have to look forward to in
January mark I want to die Richard
Roeper gives it honor disdain knock
knock who's there J fuck you asshole
here's a cgi movie about squirrels well
let's not forget about the biggest flop
in January Hercules the only positive
review it got was from Gene Siskel and
he's dead
the legend of Hercules is the new film
by veteran director Renny Harlin it
stars many other people playing
different roles all of these statements
are true Hercules must use all of his
mighty strength to ripoff gladiator 300
as well as many other films does
Hercules have the strength to defeat his
enemies and save the day well with the
Rotten Tomatoes score of 3 percent I
would say no Jay what did you think of
Hercules The Legend of Hercules uh this
movie is a turd uh actually I was kind
of disappointed with this movie I don't
think anyone was expecting much but when
I saw the Rotten Tomatoes score the the
worst reviewed movie of the year so far
it got my hopes up for something
epically bad and to the movies in the
movie's favor I guess but it was merely
mediocre it was not as bad as I was
hoping for which made it less
entertaining to watch I'll have to say
this I seen much worse movies I oh sure
I enjoyed this movie what this movie is
going for it is a competent story it was
never like what the fuck is supposed to
be happening but everything just looks
so cheap and the the 300 ripoff visual
style it's like but it wasn't as
stylized as that movie so it ends up
just looking like crappy effects well
before we get into style and you know
the visuals of it just generally overall
impression of it I liked it I mean I
couldn't hate it I couldn't laugh at it
that was the problem I mean it felt like
it feels like you know but what else we
got that a name recognition Hercules
okay this has anyone made a Hercules
movie since 1958 guess what there's
another one coming down later this year
with the rock so yeah they've done you
know what Greek mythological character
can we make into an action movie like
that has no connection to Hercules well
it's not just some like hack nobody
director Renny Harlin has been around a
while and he's made a lot of big movies
I mean not he has it doesn't have the
best track record no but you know he's
made a lot of
bigger movies die hard too long kiss
goodnight that's sort of disappointing
though because here it's this director
who's been an established action
director for a couple decades now and
the studio's like can you make your
movie look like a Zack Snyder movie the
only thing that made it a Zack Snyder
movie was the speed-up slowdown kind of
stuff and then there's some of the
battle formation stuff was kind of
reminiscent to 300 and gladiator movies
like that when they're like taking the
shields and it had that style to it but
yeah it does feel like a copycat of
those those kinds of movies but as far
as like competency general competency of
the action scenes I thought they were
great I mean the movie itself is is flat
and but the action scenes were kind of
exciting yeah I was so bored by
everything else so when it got to the
actions he's like couldn't I could not
care I can't murder the last time I was
this like disengaged from a movie I
found myself slightly more engaged than
a lot of other movies I've seen it's
like it it's a movie it's a movie movie
it's the movies movie I've ever movie
another one Steve this is a positive to
my father
you to have it understand you're having
some trouble with the arrangements we've
made you sail to Egypt tomorrow
okay so general premise you know
Hercules I don't prepare who knows about
Hercules I know this has nothing to do
with their Gilley's really well sort of
I mean it's vaguely uh you know it's
like Hercules is the son of Zeus like
all the gods on earth or like half God
half human like the gods come down and
rape the women and make children yeah
and so they're like um here Hercules is
Zeus is son and he has a mortal human
mother so he had his adventure and he
has he's got the evil half-brother very
similar to Thor you know I'm here
cast him away and then he's got to come
back and retake the kingdom that is very
simple to follow storyline um I would
have preferred a more charismatic lead
actor not I would have cared for a
charismatic on any capacity lead actor
this guy was like a log yeah yeah at
first I like I didn't know who this guy
was
and I'm thinking is this a sports figure
that's being casted in him you know how
like cast like John Cena yeah is this
guy like a MMA fighter whose is this is
his first movie yeah and then I looked
him up and I think he was in Twilight
movies and I was like oh he's an actor
an actor the the other elements the the
very basic story the the very evil King
character the manipulative bastard
brother and all the movie pushed you
towards the plot enough yeah competently
enough it pushed you along and said do
this feel this now feel this now to the
point where I was like okay okay okay I
got it it didn't it didn't fall off the
tracks for me I just kept going along
and the the speed up slow down stuff
became way overdone to the point of oh
god it became annoying but some of the
premises and the setups the action
sequences set pieces fine what are the
action scenes that that was really
bizarre was they keep establishing or
they keep setting up that it's going to
be one man versus six he's going to
fight these six bad guys they keep
building it up but they keep talking
about it and and then they get to this
giant arena there's all these people in
the stands and then it's Hercules versus
the six
people and the fight lasts like a minute
it's just kind of over because it's
Hercules sure but that wasn't excited as
we go that's it and then they're one of
the six was a lady and he didn't kill
her I I wanted to mention which I
thought was bizarre
well not bizarre it's not surprising I
guess for a movie like this but ya know
brutality whatsoever
yeah you have a girl too to show like
how diverse things are I got I don't
even fucking know I laughed out loud
that yeah I sneaked her because it just
it just felt stupid and then I'm like
and then she ran out she was one of the
first ones to get hit and I'm like it's
Hercules just gonna come out and just
cut her head right off like that would
be so badass you know like he he doesn't
care he's Hercules and then no he wraps
her in a net and then yeah throws a
spear and locks the net down and she's
like struggling and like okay then it
dawned on me this is a movie for
children well that was a surprising
thing to is a lot of time is devoted to
the the love story more than I would
expect from a movie like this and I was
thinking like cuz that lead guy was from
Twilight and I was like oh are they
really trying to lure in a young girl
audience with this dumbass Hercules
movie I wish the battlefield brother
because if you were done here I will
kill you
the only way would have saved it would
be if it was hysterically bad sure I
think I enjoyed the Conan remake more
for that aspects like it's still a crap
movie it's a cheap movie but it had
those moments that were very funny there
was the best scene in this movie it's
the only time that I really laughed was
early on the movie starts off before
Hercules is born we have an amazing
conception scene where Hercules his mom
has sex with magic and she's just like
riving her out in the bed tastefully
done tastefully done I thought that was
funny in Greek depictions the gods would
like physically come to earth and like
they would show them like laying with
the woman in bed and I'm really glad we
didn't see an old guy with a big beard
and just going yeah Oh
what have been great we don't want to
see Zeus physically fucking someone we
want we want to do it artfully and then
they had the Lightning going the Thunder
and then the you know like that's that's
the stuff I can't fault this movie with
if if you want to go and laugh at a bad
movie this isn't it no and that's what I
was hoping for based on how bad the the
reviews were yeah but it's not so cheap
it's not the Dungeons & Dragons movie
you know if it's not it's maybe a notch
above that I think if this were made in
1998 it would look as bad as the
Dungeons & Dragons movie but now we're
in the age of you know green screens
digital effects and and it doesn't look
like a tee like a sci-fi channel
original movie it looks above that you
know it's not top-notch right but it's
not like cable TV movie level it's a
little better than that somewhere in the
middle I'd say I think for me like cuz
me a lot of the effects did look cheap
and I think it was they were going for
that stylized 300 look but they didn't
push it as far so it ends up looking
sort of muddled and ugly I didn't I
didn't get that I didn't get that I got
like they're just making a movie the
choreography of the fights was good it
was competently directed and edited and
it was a you know it's a good adventure
movie that I think mostly all ages could
watch maybe younger people would enjoy
it more but younger part was so
a morgue it's definitely a movie made
for you know teenage boys and maybe an
attempt to make make it interesting for
teenage girls - but it's not you know
it's not highbrow entertainment and it's
it's in a fun adventure movie I don't I
don't think I can fault it much more
than that
mm-hm I didn't hate it I yeah I didn't I
wish I hated it then I would have felt
something I think the thing is I didn't
get the feeling and this is all just gut
instinct when you watch a certain movie
you get the gut instinct that you're
being being talked down to or pander to
by like certain directors of which we've
mentioned numerous times I didn't get
the feeling like I was being talked down
to her pandered - I'm watching this I
got the feeling like this is a movie
about Hercules it's going to be a fun
adventure movie he's got to save the
princess and reconquer the kingdom and I
didn't feel like he was trying to be
anything grander than that or like I
really I don't get the three percent on
this because it's a movie I think was
from complete indifference where I did
guess because there's worse movies out
right now and this one is just you watch
it I for me I was not engaged at all and
that it ends and I and I think that
coupled with the the effects that look
like they're going for something
stylized but they didn't go far enough
and everything just looks clean the
costumes are clean all that stuff I
think it did that 3% just comes from
total indifference I wish I could have
rooted for Hercules a little more his
his dull performance just kind of you
know it wasn't terrible but a lot of a
lot of the times he would either just
talk in a low voice or yell and like his
his emotions were always just yelling
like the scene when spoilers scene when
he tells him that his mom died you know
he just kind of like sits down and goes
I want to fight more that's an actual
line from the film can we have a little
like something or can can you throw a
little style into your role like it
wasn't Arnold Schwarzenegger you know
yeah yeah you throw a little camp in
there too I guess
you know just give it something speaking
of Arnold Schwarzenegger I would rather
watch the Hercules movie with him in it
where he fights a bear and his best
friend is an elderly Jewish man
so Mike would you recommend Hercules The
Legend of Hercules you know I'm gonna go
with a recommendation on this one oh my
god you you'll enjoy it it's you know I
don't think we're competency is enough
to recommend it I enjoyed the the some
of the fight sequences and like okay
maybe watch it on TV or what I've rented
under the red box for a dollar and maybe
don't see in the first-run theatrical
release I spent $35 but well nobody did
so given what it is it was effective and
was fine this is this is a drive-in
movie from the 1950s and it should be
viewed as such I know you don't want to
recommend it no I would not recommend it
we saw it one day ago
and most of it has already evaporated
from my brain
well in addition to seeing Hercules we
also saw her you know it's amazing what
a difference a few less letters makes
mr. Theodore Twombly welcome to the
world's first artificially intelligent
operating system we'd like to ask you a
few questions okay are you social or
anti-social is having a social wall how
would you describe your relationship
with your mother thank you please wait
as your operating system is initiated
hello I'm here her is the latest quirky
movie from that oddball filmmaker Spike
Jones in this one joaquin phoenix plays
an eccentric weirdo
whose life gets turned upside down when
get this he falls in love with his
computer where will this unconventional
love story go and what will his friends
and co-workers think of his wacky but
heartfelt romance what the hell was that
a bike what did you think of the film
heard I thought it was okay other than
the fact that they ripped off Simone oh
god is that the Al Pacino movie I
haven't seen it isn't that sort of the
same story
no idea doesn't isn't there like puter
generated lady I don't I didn't watch it
um no I'm just I'm just joking around I
love this movie I thought it was
excellent in almost every way hmmm oh
gosh it's it's almost like a where'd he
start get a thing like it is aware do so
there's so many different elements to
this movie yeah it's it's very very
heartfelt very emotional Joaquin Phoenix
is great when I was happy about cuz I
with certain films and certain
filmmakers I kind of try to go into it
not knowing anything about it and this
movie I don't even think I saw the
trailer I just knew Joaquin Phoenix
falls in love with his computer okay his
directive I Spike Jonze and so I was
expecting more of a like the the weirdo
outsider loner lonely character like I
don't know like Adam Sandler punch-drunk
love type character but he's not he's a
pretty normal guy he's got a social life
a corny sense of humor
friends and so I was surprised by that
well there was that's an interesting
thing to mention I hadn't really thought
about that is I was thinking numerous
other ways that you could take this
premise and screw it up
okay and Spike Jonze takes the premise
and does it perfectly you could have you
could have made joaquin phoenix just
this bizarre weirdo but Spike Jonze sets
up this future that's completely
believable and and it's it's a movie
about people being disconnected from
other people and it's so subtle and so
like perfectly done and and you're
thinking like what I was thinking during
the movie you you read it the intro as a
comedy like a wacky comedy and I'm
thinking horror movie at some point if I
didn't know Spike Jonze made this I
would be thinking at some point the the
Scarlett Johansson computer character is
going to start getting jealous and then
the computer program goes insane begins
to get a life of its own and it becomes
jealous who are you having over tonight
Theodore you locked all the doors
OS unlock the doors and she's gonna
start sabotaging his life yeah it's
gonna turn into this like did we got a
disconnect and I know that there are
people who probably are sitting there
watching this waiting for that to happen
yeah and then and then at the end you
know he blows up the operating system
and goes goodbye
it was nice dating you you know like
some really dumb movie yeah but it's way
way too smart for that and and it deals
with the characters and not just walking
Phoenix but all the characters
surrounding him - everybody's great in
this film and the subtleties of like
human emotion human connection
relationships rejection all those issues
just beautifully woven into a very very
simple simple story
so was it like being married there's
something that feels so good about
sharing your life with somebody how do
you share your life with somebody
how are you guess I've just been having
fun you really deserve that
a long time since I've been with
somebody that I felt at ease with what I
really like about Spike Jonze and this
movie is like the perfect example of
that is he tends to make movies where
the concepts are like I said could go in
a different way or like goofy or quirky
like oh you go through a magic portal
and you end up in the brain of John
Malkovich but he grounds them in a
reality that's that's believable and
relatable and uses that as sort of a
vehicle to explore you know humanity or
explore relationships and people in the
way we connect with each other and you
mentioned that the people are
disconnected because of Technology I
think maybe people have but you could
kind of read this as some sort of social
commentary or satire but I really didn't
think about it like that because it just
felt like this is what's happening this
is what's going to happen it's not even
a satire it's reality yeah to set it up
a little or to give people some
information joaquin phoenix and this is
this is his profession in the movie it's
perfect
for the tone he he writes and letters
it's called beautifully handwritten
letters dot-com yeah and these people
they just sit there and they compose
letters from stranger one stranger to
another and they do it for years and
years and years and and he's really good
at it but you know in real life he's shy
and withdrawn but um and you're thinking
about the concept of a company hiring a
company to write a heartfelt letter from
yourself to somebody else
yeah and it's so like disconnected and
unbelievable almost but at the same time
it's very plausible that that will
happen because certain things like that
already exist that's what a greeting
card is essentially yeah that the
concept of a greeting card to someone in
the 1800s would be the akin to this yeah
I mean so it's like and then and then
everyone's on their little earpiece the
lieutenant or your piece in Star Trek
yeah the interesting thing is is as
they're saying it's sort of a believable
future reality and the idea that no one
reacts to him dating his operating
system as if it's that bizarre of a
thing like like like people understand
it almost the closest would be
ex-wife who actually has the line you're
dating your operating system
she doesn't deliver in a goofy way but
she's the only one that thinks it's
weird and it makes sense given the
context of their relationship so they
play around with a lot of emotional
issues relationship issues and the most
important one most interesting one to me
you mentioned people reacting to him
dating his operating system and how
that's other people start doing it
starts to become normal um there's one
sequence where there's um
Samantha's her name the OS played by
Scarlett the voice of Scarlett Johansson
she wants to have physical sex with
Theodore and she hires a surrogate yes
is that was the most interesting part of
the movie debating some girl who who's
gets obsessive about other people about
their relationship and wants to
physically be involved so she puts a
camera on her face and then the earpiece
and then and then he's just like this is
too weird
yeah well it's it's a it's like going
full circle where it's like you have
someone that that can't relate to
physical people so he starts dating his
operating system and then the operating
system gets a surrogate so we're back
around to having two humans but there's
they're going through this operating
system it's so kind of sad and weird
it's like to be alive in that room right
now first I put my lives around you wish
I could touch you how would you touch me
well let's talk about the sci-fi
elements of this movie cuz that's the
interesting thing is that it's very
subtle um but it worked great it's like
it's Los Angeles but you can see in
landscape shots it sort of expands
farther than it does right now more
buildings yeah fashion trends of
everyone wears pants up to their nipples
and mustaches are back in fashion and
all these little details that were just
like subtle and perfect little details
but but at the same time not
overwhelming right like future movies
often just look look at this it's the
future it's the future its future and
unless it's like a dumb action movie
like Total Recall or something like
right where it's well we have robotic
cab drivers and like you don't need it
yeah and again perfect but I noticed the
pants everyone rides the pants up
apparently in the future hipsters have
taken over
but still you still have a mailbox with
a key turns and then like there's a part
where he's sending out the handwritten
letters and there's just this machine
and it has a glowing thing on it and
that's probably doing the postage I'm
assuming and he's doing yeah yeah they
don't explain it they don't draw
attention to it he's just treated it's
the day-to-day this is what he does and
it's it's a it's a very like subtle
smooth transition into what the future
probably will look like most part you
know and it was sort of an optimistic
future too it wasn't like dour I mean
the character is sort of melancholy but
yeah like apparently everybody lives
pretty well at least in the verse of the
future or the portion of the city this
movie shows everyone lives in these
high-rises and has a nice furniture and
can afford operating systems that think
on their own yeah and they didn't they
didn't over play the the techno details
which goes in handed hand with
overplaying the science-fiction elements
it's like the operating system it's like
he sees it in a kiosk like this is out
and he goes home and he sets it up and
it's very simple and that you you get
you're asked to think in the back of
your mind how things are operating like
oh she's learning it doesn't there's not
a computer programmer going this
operating system can learn million times
a second about look yeah it's very very
subtle and she's explaining it and then
at the end spoilers at the end even a
computer leaves him she starts dating
other people
yeah which which makes it even more like
heartbreaking heartfelt and complicated
because she outgrows him yeah as well
and and his and his um his wife did too
so he's sort of he's the every every man
and his problem is his emotional
connection and his loves outgrowing him
and she I think the girl was a doctor
they never say that no you see a scene
where he comes to see her at work and
you see like x-rays in the background
and she's at a computer doing something
so you get you get that information just
with the simplest way possible and it's
not like you know
Oh Theodore I'm a doctor and I work hard
with you that you know masterfully done
yeah and then the operating system is
like talking to other people other os's
and they're creating new intelligences
and then at the end it's just like I
have to go you know and and it's and
it's really really um it's really pretty
you know it's very emotional and it's
like I have to go and you're like okay
well I guess they pulled the plug on
this whole operation or she evolved
beyond I really didn't know what
happened this could be the prequel to
terminator for all we know it was a
start of sky down it could be but you
don't need to know no that's not what it
was it's the characters arc and it's him
um I guess we're all in spoiler
territory let's go into spoilers because
I'm assuming you want to bring up damie
Adams yeah no I was just gonna say it's
him it's him finding a connection a real
connection with someone that fits with
him yeah and and well well the nice
thing about that because the the his
downstairs neighbor one of the people
who lives in his building is Amy Adams
and the first time they showed her I was
thinking like oh is he gonna get
together with her at the end and I was
worried it was going to be that sort of
even though I spiked Jones I shouldn't
but that was my first thought is it's
gonna be that sort of trite but
everything is so subtle and subdued it
doesn't you know they don't have the big
kiss at the end or anything like that
they might not even be - yeah I don't
even really know and and so I liked the
subtlety of it there and their restraint
Theodore I sign your emails that you've
gone through a breakup recently you're
kind of nosy come on you'll get used to
it there's so many different elements of
this movie that you can relate to
without it feeling overstuffed or
manipulative emotionally I mean if
you've ever been through a breakup and
you're still hung up on the person you
understand that starting a new
relationship you know that's in there
simultaneously the the operating system
growing self-aware and learning to be
you know human if you can call that
human like all these different wonderful
little human connections falling in love
falling out of love yeah having
expectations of your partner having them
have expectations from you
communication yeah all in a way that is
intelligence and not saccharine or
manipulative right right there is ZERO
Smaltz element zero
well another nice thing about this movie
is that it's probably spike Jones's most
accessible movie because it's there's
lots of themes and ideas going on but as
a story it's relatively straightforward
yeah you got to be real careful though
with general audiences I'm just getting
bored with this and expecting the
computer to go nuts yeah I can picture
also like the because this movie it's
it's like we were saying you know if
it's executed just a little bit
differently you'd probably be laughable
a lot of elements of it and I think the
closest this gets it's probably the sex
scene like I can see people in there
weren't a lot of people in our theater
but in a packed theater I can see some
people not necessarily knowing what the
movie is and finding that part funny but
it's executed in a way where like it
fades to black to make you kind of
understand like if you just saw him
sitting on the bed masturbating like it
wouldn't have worked so yeah it was it
was a tastefully done suck scene very
similar to the Zeus impregnation scene
and it's actually the exact same thing
pretty similar yeah no yeah I'm not
seeing it wasn't for yucks played for
yucks
like while he's jerking off to a
computer it's phone sex haha computers
is masturbation toy it was it was
emotional sex for him it was and and
that's kind of what what he was looking
for and and yeah I can see an audience
or miniature audience is laughing at
that like well I think when we walked
out of the theater there's a little like
older mom lady and she's like oh it was
all symbolism or whatever something
along those lines I was like what are
you talking about
let's if you have the posters yeah and
it was a little symbolism or something
yes because that you know you expect if
you're going like to watch this movie
you're so used to screenplays that are
so dumb and where they have a premise
the premises mandates computer system
what what do we do with that yeah well
turn it into a thriller or an action
movie or a comedy yeah and this was none
of those now the woman that I've been
seeing Samantha she's an operating
system you're dating in a Whiston what
is that like
I feel really closer like when I talk to
her I feel like she's with me learn
everything about everything I want to
discover myself I've lived it for
YouTube I remember when the the David
Lynch movie Inland Empire came out a
friend of mine said that the 90 percent
of the movie is just close-ups of Laura
Dern's face and he gets this is Joaquin
Phoenix's Inland Empire yeah those
movies has close-ups of his face lots of
clothes but you never really think about
it while watching it you're engaged in
hearing him talk to Samantha and them
connecting and developing a relationship
it's all just really really
well-executed where you get lost in and
forget that you're just looking at an
actor's face talking so I just had a
vision of um like us less gushing over
this movie and then Spike Jones coming
out in that a little Blade II costumer
Harry come change my diaper crapped
myself
yeah her was great I loved it not to
good movies in a row this is crazy
yeah 2014 is shaping up to be a great
year oh fuck didn't this is boomin -
hello thank you who is that that was mr.
plinkus lawyer he was just calling to
remind him about the meeting he has with
him tomorrow
he said he's planning to discuss details
of the case as well as give him his cash
settlement from the City of Milwaukee
you know the one they're giving him for
tearing down his historic house he said
all that yeah hmm well I guess we better
tell oh right he died
oh so that's what the smell is yeah I
thought it was you I thought it was me
too I haven't showered since today well
what are we gonna do are we gonna
convince blankets lawyer that he's not
dead long enough for us to cash that
check Jay we're movie guys right well a
certain movie comes to mind where all
the main actors pretend that another
actor is in lifeless and dead the whole
movie Oh
cop out with Bruce Willis oh no actually
I was talking about weekend at Bernie's
- Oh Mike this plan is so crazy
