Jun 6, 2014
X-Men: Days of Future Past and A Million Ways to Die in the West
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebWq64x064o
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/474981550610993152
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152175176322634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-x-men-days-of-future-past-and-a-million-ways-to-die-in-the-west

Half in the bag.
I bet my wife at the casino and won.
hey everyone I might and
I'm Jay and we're here in Daytona Beach
for Spring Break 2012
that's right Jay we're taking a break
from fixing VCRs to bring you a very
special episode of half in the bag which
is sponsored by Karpinsky funeral homes
crossing the bridge together we're also
sponsored by quality caskets affordable
prices quality craftsmanship and
McDonald's I'm loving it
hey Mike before we hit up the beach do
you want to go see some movies sure do
Jay what a great way to spend 4 hours
indoors when it's sunny and warm out
what what what movies would you like to
see Jay let's go see a million ways to
die in the West cuz of FAMILY GUY yo
know I heard that movies terrible let's
also see x-men Days of Future past ok
all right let's go okay
he had to stand on a small box to be
almost as tall as me so many battles
waged over the years and yet none of
them like this are we destined to
destroy each other or can we change who
we are and unite is the future truly set
x-men Days of Future Passed marks the
return of director Bryan Singer a man
who was recently accused of making two
really good x-men movies in this fifth
x-men film Wolverine travels back in
time to stop a midget from making tall
things all the important x-men
characters are in it as Wolverine
attempts to fix a future that really
sucks for everyone except for dangerous
tall things and maybe the company that
manufactures badass alternate future
body armor and maybe Ian McKellen
because he's still alive so Jay while
we're out on this beautiful beach a
beautiful day let's talk about x-men
Days of Future pants what did you think
of x-men Mike let me tell you something
okay this is a superhero movie and not a
single fucking city gets completely
demolished you know that's a really good
point when I go to a superhero movie now
I just want to see the exact same
visuals that I see in every single other
superhero movie so thumbs down
unsubscribed
no I this movie was great this movie was
fucking great I actually really loved it
it was nice to see a movie that felt
like the script came first this is a
really great concise script with a lot
of clarity to what was happening and the
characters drove the story and it was
wonderful
that's right Jay it was great to see an
x-men film that utilized all the
characters appropriately where it seemed
like each each character had something
important to do unlike the third one and
maybe first class to a certain extent
but this one and it and it followed
through with all the prop
or x-men theme yes as opposed to just
Wolverine needs to be a leader it was
the the Xavier and Magneto ideals
clashing against each other human
interference all that stuff and it
wasn't heavy-handed or stupid
yeah I was I was hooked immediately
because I'm a big fan of
post-apocalyptic movies and this is it's
actually it's sort of interesting that
it kind of in a way parallels the first
x-men movie which starts with the
concentration camp and this is almost
like a weird future version of that or
your scene yeah body's just being dumped
and it's really dark and great and just
all the cool exciting mutant action mmm
right off the bat in a way where people
are using their their powers to help one
each of one another and yeah really good
yeah because it's some of the earlier
x-men movies felt sort of cheap in
comparison to like the bigger Marvel
movies yeah but if I compare this to
like the Avengers I would say I like
this more there are two different types
of movies the Avengers is like an
ensemble sums comedy yeah all Sweden
it's witty it's goofy yes light-hearted
right this feels like there's more at
stake more at stake and better use of
the characters your Navy as well
side by side to end this war
before demo begins now comic book nerds
I mean fans will probably complain that
this story is Wolverine centric and not
kitty pryde centric because I guess the
original comic it was her that was doing
the time-traveling because she phased
throughout the time periods and this one
somehow she has the magical ability to
to shine blue light into Wolverines head
and transport his consciousness back in
time into yea into it himself in the
past yes which is fine because in this
movie Wolverine works perfectly as the
story catalyst yeah he he's just it's
almost like fish out of water in a
action movie sort of way yeah he's a
dumb guy the claws who has to explain
everything to / young Professor Xavier
and Magneto and kind of help them yeah
it's more of a story about those two
it's Wolverine himself he's a neat
character but to me he's not totally
interesting or fascinating
you see Jackman is your jack he has to
be the center of every x-men movie sure
it makes a great Wolverine but he's used
perfectly in this because the movies not
about him yeah he's just pushing the
story along and that's the that's the
proper use of the Wolverine character
it's more about the ideals of Magneto
and Professor X yeah and how when dealt
with the human situation which is what
the x-men is about yeah well and that
lends itself to the Peter Dinklage
character too which is what I've always
liked about these x-men movies is
they're not there's not villain of the
week movies yes and this one Peter
Dinklage is essentially the villain but
he doesn't have a ha I want to kill all
mutants Lee he has his own ideals and
it's it's a yeah those clash of
difference perspectives that's the
drives the story he's done his homework
he's researched the past and what's
happened from you know Neanderthal to
cro-magnon and he sees it coming um and
wants to save everyone so there's
nothing evil about that and his from his
perspective but it comes at a great cost
obviously yes and the moral of the story
is unless everyone gets along we're all
going to have a terrible apocalyptic
future
which is probably true yes yeah
those years wasted fighting each other
Charles not worse a lot of people die
friends
so this movie Wolverine is in it quite a
bit as he is in all these x-men movies
and also a push to the forefront of this
one is mystique I'm assuming that has to
do with the fact that Jennifer Lawrence
is now an Academy award-winning actress
she's okay as far as the characters use
in the movie but I don't like her in
that role she looks like I said this
about American hustle is that she looks
like a little kid playing dress-up
she's like a like a cutesy kid face like
I don't I don't think she works for the
mystique part no oh my god oh my god oh
beets ball hey okay look at that
oh no it's a grown ups to beach ball I
can't in good conscience play with this
beach ball J hey bro what'd you do to my
beach ball I'll throw this into the
ocean then maybe a sea animal will choke
on it then something good will come of
grown-ups to finally seem to just hit
midair and fall that was bizarre yeah
that was kind of busy
ah we were you a little worried it's
just for the beginning a little like my
expectations were completely changed
once I saw the whole movie I was kind of
picturing like this this dark kind of
ugly future and this needlessly
complicated plot and all this stuff
because in the beginning Xavier shows up
and he just starts explaining everything
that happened to everyone that already
knows what happened
like telling Wolverine what to do and
all this stuff and I said I said what is
all this exposition
yeah no I I wasn't worried upfront
because it actually at the very
beginning I kind of felt like I was
being dropped into the second part of a
movie it almost felt like there's a
movie before this that we didn't see
because it's like the last x-men movie
was a prequel the last x-men of the
first three x-men movies obviously
there's no leaning towards some sort of
post-apocalyptic world so I was like
we're right in the middle of this so I
didn't mind the exposition right up
front because it sort of reacquaint see
with one of these characters because we
haven't seen some of these people in in
10 years Halle Berry shows up and says
nothing for the first hour and a half of
the movie which is the perfect way to
utilize Halle Berry in this role does
she say I don't think she has like two
lines it towards the end she says
something like everyone get back and
that's her line and that's that's the
best way to utilize Halle Berry as storm
in these x-men movies because she's
always been terrible well I guess now
she we should get into spoilers do we
want to talk about spoilers sure okay we
will talk about spoilers now skip to
this time code to learn what we thought
of Seth MacFarlane's latest ball
movement and also his new movie the wild
wild west well you talked about mystique
than putting Jennifer Lawrence as a
major character that felt a little
shoehorned mainly because of the her
powers somehow made the Sentinels change
which seen her specific blood was
important to make the Sentinels work
hers we all know her her mutant powers
and make the Sentinels work they made
them adapt okay change which seemed more
like a rogue thing because that was very
specifically rogues power plotline than
a mystique because mystique just changes
appearance yeah
the Sentinels were actually changing
powers to adapt to what the Newtons were
fighting them with um which didn't make
any sense at all because they're
machines yeah made of metal but for the
logic of the movie it's it made some
sense because they established mystique
is sort of like she was sort of like the
student that magneto and Xavier were
pulling in two different directions and
then
comes down to this morality yet lesson
at the end it's more character-driven it
doesn't have to make any sense doesn't
make sense on the mutant level but in
its sense on a character level which I
was okay with yeah and you know she
wasn't in the movie a ton it was more
magneto is really good in this yes he
turns super super villain
yeah Michael Fassbender james mcavoy or
both because I love Ian McKellen and
Patrick Stewart knows roles but they
those two do a really good job of of
capturing the spirit of those characters
and there's a great sequence with the
character Quicksilver yes
I'm northa I I thought that was one of
the highlights of the movie the sequence
of Quicksilver where we're seeing the
world in his time so everyone's because
he's very very fast so we're seeing it
all in super super slow-mo as he's just
he's just a cocky teenager and he's
fucking with all these cops and then oh
they're shooting at my friend's thing
it's great can we can we comment on how
this movie is so far superior to
spider-man 2 this is far superior to
most summer movies like this I felt like
I was watching a real movie I was
invested in the story I cared about the
characters and it never got horribly
convoluted or messy it wasn't we want to
do this action scene we want to do this
set piece it was just a story and the
action sprung from that as far as like
that dumb spider-man movie Rey is just
just so much noise and junk like but
this is ultimately more satisfying oh
yeah I would say this is the best movie
I've seen this summer for sure by far be
in a while maybe in a while just cuz it
was so neat especially the ending the
when magneto takes the stadium and drops
it around the White House he's using his
powers to do something interesting and
clever yes yes as opposed to when he
pointlessly moved the Golden Gate Bridge
to connect to Alcatraz Island and then
somehow the Golden Gate Bridge
miraculously stayed in place yes even
though it would have instantly collapsed
jobs always wanted to build bridges
I can't say enough good things any any
bad things uh Richard Nixon it's hard to
put Richard Nixon in a movie without it
seeming like a like a comical caricature
just because he was had such a distinct
personality so the guy playing Richard
Nixon as he did what he could but it was
distracting to me but that's a very very
minor thing but also speaking of
president's son the other thing that was
a little groan worthy was the the JFK
assassination stuff yes you want to
explain what that well the movie starts
off with Magneto's in a prison
underneath Pentagon and he's been in
prison for ten years it's 73 so in 63 he
got arrested for trying to assassinate
Kennedy by making the bullet move which
is the Kennedy assassination theories
yeah but he said he tried to make it
move to save him because he was a mutant
well what he specifically says is
because he was one of us which you could
that means he's a mutant well no they
made it a little vague or it could be
he's one of us as far as he is a mutant
or he's just a supporter of me proponent
of mutant it would have been worse if he
just flat-out said he was a mutant so I
think they tried to soften how goofy
that was a little bit I just saying he
was one of us but yeah that was the
weakest part of the movie that that idea
yeah I was a little grown grown worthy
why are you on now yeah don't don't say
Janet JFK was a mutant or maybe if he
had a cool mutant power it would be okay
no that's why you're not on the show he
had the mutant power to be able to
satisfy Marilyn Monroe he had the mutant
power of being a sleazy womanizing
politician that the public still loved
hmm that's the best mutant power Hall he
could also shoot porcupine needles out
of his skin
you think this movie could have used
more Peter Dinklage I know you have a
man crush on Peter Dinklage well this
this is the thing yeah you have a man
crush on Bryan Cranston I have a man
crush on Peter Dinklage I don't know
what that says about me but I think he's
a very good at
and I'm glad that now he's like like a
big movie star he's on Game of Thrones
and he's like an action guy and people
love him
we've been given a second chance
guide us lead us
and what your future
we were supposed to protect them
it just feels richer more realistic more
exciting the other ones felt cheap yeah
this one I think should be popular with
x-men fans other than just a little
tweaks and they might complain about the
some of the differences in the story
from the comics but it's as a movie it's
yes yeah if you look at it overall it
has all the right themes it's not a
villain of the week it's not a dumb loud
Jamie Foxx is shooting electricity for
no reason other than he's mad at
spider-man
I'm mad at spider-man there's actual
like a cool time-travel plot and I'm
sure there's probably some
contradictions in that but who cares
it's time-travel it's going to happen
it's basically the Terminator
yeah and I was okay with that yeah it
wasn't a trite ending where it's just
the good guy has to stop the bad guy and
save the girl like there's there's ideas
going on it's smart it's well-written
and everybody is good in it so Jay would
recommend x-men Days of Future pants
absolutely I can't recommend it enough
it's of the most entertaining movie I've
seen definitely this summer maybe in
multiple summers yes I agree I would
also definitely recommend x-men Days of
Future pants did you see what I did
there
I changed the word past to pants because
they sound similar making people think
of what future pants might look like I
guess we all have future pants their
pants we're going to wear tomorrow and
the next day and the day after that
you
now you put that under your pillow and
the Tooth Fairy Olevia penny
there ain't no tooth fairy idiot now
clean up that horseshit everybody took
the Wawa West the American frontier in
1882 is a terrible place in time oh hey
look it's the ice is so big so doesn't
melt it's actually really interesting
how they do it oh that went south so
fast
Oh a million ways to die in the West is
terrible it stars a man who loves
himself way too much Charlize Theron
Liam Neeson and Amanda seafood
considering this was a Wild West film
it's ironic that we had more fun
watching the tumbleweed rolling by us in
the empty theater hey that was a joke
MacFarlane that's how that's done what
was a joke Mike what did you think of a
million ways to tell the same three
jokes over and over again well Jay I
thought this movie sucked it may have
been the worst movie I've ever seen no
the new one this is actually probably
true now you don't think so no well I
wasn't expecting this to be as bad as it
was um I I don't hate Family Guy a lot
of people hate Family Guy a lot of
people love Family Guy yes I'm kind of
in the middle
I find it humorous at times I not
followed it or watched it a lot
I enjoyed Ted a little bit mmm it had
some funny stuff in it see the thing
about Ted I didn't I don't think I
laughed once during the entire movie but
it was also it wasn't unpleasant to
watch like it was a very well-written
comedy script from a like a structure
point of view yes it was and it was such
an odd little premise that it kind of
propped the movie up from just being a
generic comedy yeah this movie has the
most stale lame scripts that you could
possibly write yeah it was and it's yeah
I'd like for everyone joke that's funny
there's like 15 that just fall
completely flat
and every funny joke is in the trailer
huh I have to say the premise this is a
movie that works as its trailer
perfectly I look that bad like a the
idea of making fun of the Old West
with how everyone dies and being real
cynical and kind of that that whole
concept was funny now rich thought that
he time traveled because it was so like
tongue-in-cheek well that's one of the
three jokes the movie is that he talks
like a modern-day person but he's in the
West yes yeah that perspective is sort
of amusing that everyone was miserable
and everyone died horribly and because
that's kind of true but they didn't
really do too much with that material it
became bogged down in this like love
triangle plot yeah really
like it was trying to be sweet and funny
and it just ended up failing everything
failed and that would be almost
everything well if there's a joke that
Seth MacFarlane thinks is funny he's
gonna do it five six seven more times
the one of the only times I never
laughed out loud but I mildly chuckled a
couple times and one of them was early
on he's looking at pictures of him and
his now ex-girlfriend and assist I'm
standing there and they make a mention
of how nobody smiles and old photos as I
got it's kind of funny but then they
bring that back like five times yeah
it's like it wasn't it was an amusing
little one-off joke though they twist it
into a plot thing where he gives her a
picture i I know
but no I they explained that because I
was sitting there thinking I'm like they
didn't smile and old photos because it
took like four minutes to expose film
back then yeah you know and I'm like do
they know that or are they just and then
they explained it that you have to
actually stand there and hold a smile
for a long time yeah and that's why
people didn't smile at photographs but
I'm like I hope they say something about
that they can't be that dumb and then
they did yeah and it's like okay well
you kind of defeated your own joke Seth
MacFarlane is a sheep farmer
and his girlfriend played by Amanda
seafood doesn't really love him that
much
he loves her and then she leaves him for
Neil Patrick Harris who was a mustache
connoisseur owner of a mustache wax shop
he's the rich asshole guy and then for
no reason Charlize Theron wants to help
Seth MacFarlane win back after medium
for 5 minutes after meeting him for five
minutes win back his girlfriend by
pretending to be his girlfriend and
surprise surprise where do you think
this is going they fall in love in the
process yeah I'm his girlfriend
a lot of sexual activity all the time
it's I live inside her so if you want to
send me a letter you gotta address it
care of her vagina yet and then Liam
Neeson's in the movie for two minutes as
the main villain and then there's filthy
sex jokes with Sarah Silverman and
Giovanni Ribisi for no reason other than
to say fuck and asshole
and come this one man wanted me to smoke
a cigar and then like hash on his balls
while I'm jerking him off and it was
just like what can I do this but I did
uh-huh cuz aren't those words funny I'll
give you a little tap on the hat when
I'm good to go okay there's so many like
what is that supposed to be funny yeah
moments yeah there's lots of dead
silence in the theatre dead silence and
well we should mention that we saw this
movie with about 15 or so elderly people
there was a lot of old people in the
theater the only thing I can think of is
that they heard Western Western and
matinee pricing for seniors okay they
heard those two things Western
unfortunately I'm hoping they didn't
think this was going to be a John Wayne
film because John Wayne John Wayne films
are funnier than this hey that's pretty
good
that's okay thank you well the thing is
like going back to talking about him
acting like someone out of you know of
modern times I was picturing like a
Woody Allen movie and Woody Allen in
that role and I could see that working
yes Woody Allen all nebbish enlike
talking about everyone dying of diseases
and getting shot or whatever and that's
funny because of his personality Seth
MacFarlane is so stiff in this movie yes
he should not be a leading man it's
clear that he thinks he is just like the
comedy superstar right now I think
what's more impressive not that he does
so much is that he does all of it so
well and so effortlessly this is a guy
who's at the top of his game right now
so and it's not warranted at all yeah
there's a bit of a I mean I can't say
for certain but there's a bit of an ego
thing that you get a vibe that you get
from him especially this movie like oh
he has to choose between Amanda seafood
and Charlize Theron yeah like fuck you
Seth MacFarlane is it possible that you
are so cunning and so diabolic I know
Jane is so wealthy that you created this
entire project just to be able to make
out with Charlize Theron you know what
you know what kudos and and applause to
all the hard-working craftspeople in the
film industry
the the animal handlers the
cinematographer the cameraman the sound
Department really great looking scenery
here great looking shots there's a
wonderful shot where him and Charles
Theron are riding horses and they got
the Sun setting peaking out right beyond
the thing there's some really great like
crane shots that are really nice looking
the the sets the costumes all the things
you take for granted in a movie it's
just unfortunate that the film was
helmed and written by a talentless hack
yeah all that work is in service of Neil
Patrick Harris shitting in a hat but it
is very very silly and quite crude too
great focus on all the images that's
true I don't think there was a single
shot in this movie that was out of focus
the sheep how hard is it to get a sheep
trainer
I don't know sheep are called sheep
because they don't listen to you and
they're dumb and they they don't they go
around in the herd and don't do anything
it's hard to train a sheep I'm not an
animal expert but I would imagine it's
hard to train a sheep to agree with me I
have no idea I don't know anything about
sheep I know they're not a good source
of comedy in this film and they had some
really clever puns that a five-year-old
came up a penny it is good Lord Albert
you're such a cheapskate
oh hey cheaper I'm glad you showed up at
the end after making a series of sheep
puns earlier earlier right and at the
end he says hey sheep er I'm glad you
showed up
shouldn't have said I'm glad you showed
up I thought you might be too sheepish
oh yeah that's that's they made six
other sheep um I didn't make that one
and he just calls him a sheep er yeah
Christopher light shows up to make it
back to the future three reference
because do you remember that do you
remember that movie I remembered that he
time traveled to Hill Valley California
not Arizona and that doesn't matter he
was in the West so you end your scene
Seth McFarland has a little romantic
scene with Charlize Theron he walks away
and there's a barn and there's light
coming from the barn so for no reason he
just walks up to it and opens it and
there's Doc Brown and dr. a says what
are you doing and Doc Brown says oh it's
a it's a weather experiment and then
Seth MacFarlane says okay bye and then
he leaves and that's the joke do you
remember that yeah I am I was happy to
see Christopher Lloyd as Doc Brown again
that would be nice if he had an actual
joke to play off of and that's what I
really discovered with this movie
because I've always felt Suffolk Farland
relies on pop-culture references for
humor they're not jokes they're just
references that's most of what Family
Guy is and that's what that is
but because this is set in the West
there's not many opportunities to do
that so you really get a good feeling
for the limited range of what types of
jokes Seth MacFarlane can write there's
no pop-culture references so there's
just
anal sex jokes to replace it what is
unique to set this type of humor that
it's not one-dimensional that it it's
not your it's the only sense that you
get that his any familiarity with
westerns are references to Back to the
Future 3 and Django Unchained like this
is clearly like you look at Blazing
Saddles like Mel Mel Burke's clearly has
a love for westerns and this is oh he's
seen some modern westerns yeah and so he
made a movie based around that do you
remember the hilarious sequence when
Seth MacFarlane is being chased by Liam
Neeson on horseback Liam Neeson and his
whole gang of bad guys oh yeah and it
has like 20 minutes of them riding and I
keep thinking like this is going to go
to some kind of great comedy setup or
some joke isn't it then we see a train
and I'm like something funny is going to
happen then he's like farland jumps his
horse in front of the train just in time
and all the bad guys are on the other
side of the train then the train leaves
and we're like where's yet something
funny's going to have the punchline to
this and then he's on he somehow got on
the train with the horse and then they
just drive away how much I escaped and
then it ended maybe that was he was
gonna put a joke in there in the second
draft that he never wrote he he he
juggles a lot of balls and does it
really effortlessly no he really juggles
so many balls so there's a a Ryan
Reynolds cameo for no reason he doesn't
have any lines of dialogue they just the
gleam Easons in the bar and he's looking
for the man that kissed his wife which
is Charlize Theron and he looks over and
there's Ryan Reynolds and Ryan Reynolds
goes and unli Neeson shoots him and
that's his cameo inside joke some kind
of why I couldn't tell you I couldn't
tell you cuz random I recognized him so
it's funny I thought the showdown was
coming with Liam Neeson and then he ends
up on an Indian camp
Nakao and I jot em echo ahahaha I stay
yeah and that gets dragged out forever
isn't it hilarious that Indians say
things about drugs like stoners do yeah
it's funny because they're Indians
mm-hmm well someone doing drugs is
instantly funny right just the idea that
they're doing drugs
that's hysterical and Charlize Theron
takes out of a pot brownie you're a pot
cookie and then they eat it and then
they eat it and then they laugh yep this
is a weak cookie isn't it you're right
no no no that no I don't do well with us
no no I I decide he wanted to have a
Vision Quest seen and needed to set it
up so he just wrote in a part where she
takes out a pop cookie just to set up
that he doesn't like drugs
yeah and then then they have that
bizarre like the Vision Quest sequence
when he learns he has to be a man and
kill the bad guy which is pretty
self-explanatory and Linda rakers Seth
MacFarlane who brought you dead there
are a million ways to die in the West
comes the smartest girls mis amigos Joe
so Maria Silas Destin festival de escena
de Toronto in Canada McGuinty Kuna
famosa critical something Selena Gomez
one one thing that I did find was
amusing was when a big bar fight breaks
out in the bar of course and him in
Giovanni Ribisi have a plan to pretend
to fight oh sure little moments like
that there's a couple ideas that are
funny in theory but not necessarily in
execution yes that came out of my penis
I would like to welcome a new member to
our commute
welcome to our awesome town what's with
this Fair every year people die really
everybody hold still
people died the favor die at the fair J
would you recommend a million ways to
not watch this movie uh if you're
talking about the act of a million
wastin now watch this movie then yes mmm
if you're just using that as an
alternate title for the film a million
ways to die in the West then no I would
not recommend it it was kind of horrible
yeah Wow you look amazing
I really love that the most alluring
fashions today simulate a fat ass if I
was a black guy this is the meanest
trick you could play on me all I know is
that the actor who played mr. Belding
from Saved by the Bell
needs a million ways to diet in the West
and that's all I got folks thank you
thank you thank you I am self MacFarlane
ways to die in the West you know J it
sure is great being away from the VCR
repair shop and our miserable live
that's right Mike what do you say we go
hit off the beach
Spring Break
okay yeah I'm I'm alright yeah Jesus
guys I know it's none of it was real was
it oh all we have is terrible movies Jay
