Aug 15, 2014
Into the Storm and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsVGLezJJis
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/500266967132295168
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152316956157634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-into-the-storm-and-teenage-mutant-ninja-turtles

Half in the bag.
Calgon, take me away.
well you're right Jay until I saw the
99% critics rating I didn't know just
how wrong we were that's right Mike
boyhood is the best movie I've ever seen
ever no doubt no doubt
well Jay it's time we fall in line with
all the other critics and let our
audience know just what we really
thought of boyhood boyhood is the most
ingenious film of this century of any
century Linklater has created the
perfect film flawless in every way he
has sculpted a masterpiece flawless and
perfect in fact you can call it a
masterpiece of flawlessness boyhood is
the greatest thing to happen to cinema
since the invention of the camera and
the most important thing to happen to
mankind since the invention of fire a
one-of-a-kind experience nothing on
earth compares to this heartwarming
majestic epic and beautiful work of art
if the Great's from the Renaissance were
alive today they would kill themselves
for being so shitty compared to
Linklater Linklaters poetic dialogue
about a boring kid mumbling should be
compared to the greatest works of
literature in fact if I could I would
take a shit on every book ever written
because boyhood is the best fucking
thing ever hey there son why are they
yelling oh he's just very passionate
about how much he loves boyhood Oh
boyhood the new Richard Linklater film
oh that films fucking amazing fuck yeah
it is Linklater makes Truffaut look like
an asshole yeah fuck you fold yeah fuck
yeah boyhood so fucking awesome
hey mr. construction worker it sounds
like you like movies we just saw two new
ones you want to sit down and talk to us
about them fuck yeah
yeah yeah talk about low awesome boys I
leave you with Henry David Thoreau's
worse go confidently in the direction of
your dreams live the life you have
imagined
or we fashion here we go
into the storm is a new tornado horror
movie starring no one you've ever heard
of a barrage of visual effects wind
machines and bad dialog bring the terror
to the big screen but what is really
terrifying are the people in the theater
sitting next to you when people become
so fucking fat they no longer retain the
shape of a human you know they've eaten
too much popcorn have you seen these
people can they chew with their mouths
closed for Christ's sake
shit is louder than the movie and this
is a movie about loud as tornadoes so
rich what did you think of into the
storm oh I haven't seen it uh so Jay
what did you think of into the storm
this movie some dumb shit this this
movie was like a larger budget asylum
version of a Roland Emmerich disaster
movie that's what it felt like to me
sure yeah yeah well let me tell you Jay
I love this movie this movie was almost
likable bad b-movie
it was almost a guilty pleasure type
enjoyable dumb movie almost I was a
little too tame it was missing I guess
we'll get into specifics of some of the
things that happen in the movie but
there's some hilarious parts yeah but
not quite enough of them no and to add
to the the bad it was a found footage
movie to which I didn't know going into
it I don't even think I knew what the
fuck this movie was before we saw but
this is the the laziest found footage
movie they make no attempt to make this
seem like it's an actual found footage I
think found footage is is almost like a
style now and that there are this fails
at that yeah I don't know if that's the
time I was like who's supposed to be
Phil I was I've given up on the
logistics trying to figure out the
logistics of a found footage every
camera looks identical apparently
they're shooting with very expensive
lenses on cell phone cameras because
they all look exactly like the the
cinema camera that's shooting the film
and they have great microphones and when
you're drowning in water you
going to take the time to set up a
camera on a tripod yeah this is the part
of the to the the teenage girl and
teenage boy or almost drowning maybe
they're gonna drown and then they
embrace is he just holding the camera
out like this to fill them all they
embrace yeah it's very lazy in the phone
footage
aspect yeah I mean tornado chasers have
cameras everywhere and they're filming
but for fuck's sake
especially turns the end when they're
all hiding out in like the underground
sewer or whatever is the the world's
largest tornado ever is going over them
and they just keep film I was like who
the fuck is filming this yeah I think I
stopped thinking about it at that point
I really didn't care it's like why why
even add that I don't know if it gives
it it gives a cheap b-movie lame-ass
premise lame-ass characters if it gives
it some sort of extra dimension is that
what they're thinking a lot of times it
seems like it's to save money but this
one I mean the the visual effects are
flying they look great I'm assuming this
isn't the highest budget movie but it
doesn't feel like it even needs that
found-footage gimmick
and it was close dude my arm hair all
the warning signs are down but tornados
coming you where you're not gonna know
it
splitting there's another one there
three four
what happens in this movie Mike how does
this movie compared to twister
I believe the premise was that Bill
Paxton and or Helen Hunt had a magical
device called the head like lady's name
like the the Donna or the Daisy Oh but
it sounds like you know when you
nickname like a device or a craft or
something and and it was supposed to get
sucked up into the path of a tornado to
release these little sensor balls so
that they could swirl around and they
could get data this is same premise
tornado hunters are not just this
a-holes looking now to get footage of
tornadoes for money they are selfless
people that want to save lives by
gathering tornado tornado data okay and
that's what they did but this movie is
the first one I've seen that treats
weather like it's some sort of slasher
movie villain so if the film opens with
teenagers at night gets the movie opened
it's a singer excel is a singer and then
there at night and they go oh no don't
go outside and then there's a tornado
hiding in the darkness it eats them eats
their faces yes and then it cuts to
other teenager characters who are doing
video yearbooks he's doing it yeah it's
like a time capsule yeah so that gives
the excuse for cameras everywhere and
the dad is a single dad the mom died
blah blah blah
storm chaser character insert
characterization the neighborhood played
by Matt Walsh from Upright Citizens
Brigade he's the head of this
organization and I gotta say he was the
best part of the movie he was the only
one that gave a performance that wasn't
horrible
I thought his acting was in that grave I
I thought he was find him the part I
thought it was the yeah the dad
character um at one point he just
stopped bothering trying to do an
American accent kept coming our sons
come here on all this go to everyone
look what what yeah it's it's a script
written by a computer program that says
plug in all elements to make us care
about these characters like
and then they yeah excuse me your pardon
us we're having a discussion here my
favorite character was the one he was
one of the cameramen for the documentary
that Matt Walsh was making about
tornadoes who in one scene he says this
is too scary we just survived a tornado
this is scary I want to leave and in the
very next scene he's running out of a
church up to the tornado and then just
gets sucked into a fire tornado yeah in
the best scene in the film yeah he
wasn't the guy who said I want to get
all the shots
he was a guy that was scared yeah for
some reason he decided he wanted to get
the most dangerous shot and then a
tornado is sucking fire up and he got
sucked up which we're now which is great
because when you see him on fire in a
fire tornado just spinning around the
outside edges of it just whoo-whoo yeah
and that's what the movie needed more of
because that was that was flock and it's
in its purest form
well that's the thing is now that they
could do anything with computers um
whether movies are now extreme this is
the biggest tornado I've ever seen this
one is bigger than any storm that has
ever been it's a kind of movie that
wants to have its cake and eat it too or
it's like oh you're supposed to be
excited and thrilled and enjoying all
this mayhem and then at the end they're
like we can survive this together and we
can overcome these obstacles where it's
like no you wanted us to root for this
tornado to suck people into it and
destroy the city you asked to indulge in
violence and destruction and death and
then and then laugh at the rednecks who
survived in the end that was the worst
part of the whole film oh yes um
rednecks
amateur storm chaser rednecks who are
drunk get sucked up into a tornado then
they have this heartfelt ending well the
character the main characters are saying
how much they love each other how much
they can they can now rebuild their
community and that cuts to the rednecks
and hanging in the trees and like we
survived whoa is like Looney Tunes
tornadoes are devastating and dangerous
Bo shit's like they'll appear and then
they'll go away like 16 of them don't
appear and then they don't become the
size of an entire state it becomes it
becomes ridiculous oh yeah it's the
super tornado it's two super tornados
that come together at the end to create
a giant mega
/ tornado it's just a bunch of dumb shit
the weird thing is they it's it starts
in a high school graduation and then
they have to stop the graduation because
of the tornado and I could actually
relate to that that happened to me my
high school graduation was interrupted
by a tornado oh really
yeah yeah and what happened I thought
wait they said go inside because we were
about to go outside to take our pictures
they said go inside we see a tornado
over there so we all went inside and
then ten minutes later they said okay
everything's clear and then we all left
and I got lunch so the world's biggest
tornado that can rip apart brick
buildings didn't come come and get you
Nate did not know okay I just went and
got spaghetti oh my god moving too fast
so Mike would you recommend whatever
this movie was called no if you want to
see a action weather movie it's good if
that's what you want to see this movie
delivers if you don't care about
characters I guess at all yeah yeah and
the I didn't the first half was kind of
annoying mildly mild to moderately
annoying with the found-footage stuff
and then that's like okay this character
is going to do this and I was very
predictable yeah and then the second
half when some of the drama starts
happening like the non tornado related
drama we got to get here we got a you
have to come to this car and move around
and oh no the car fell over we got a
move to go and watched it and followed
what was happening and I hope the kids
got rescued from drowning and I was okay
with it but don't pay money to see it in
the theater I've seen worse Jay oh sure
seen worse there's plenty worse this is
this movie is harmlessly bad not good
but it's harmless I would not recommend
it it's not bad enough to be
entertaining and it's not good enough to
be entertaining
yes it's all's right in the middle there
which is the worst spot oh my god I
forgot he was here oh it's not the ghost
of the dead construction man sir ma'am
rich we're done talking about the movie
haven't seen you can stop being a statue
now
rich did you see the Ninja Turtles movie
yes I have today Dover
surveillance is showing heavy Foot Clan
activity for taking our searches let's
rock alone
I'm talking about like shadows in
the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles are
back only this time they're CGI instead
of rubber costumes although technically
they were CGI last time but that was
completely CGI and they were also a
cartoon at one point as well multiple
times they've been a cartoon and a comic
book to the economic blow every form of
media and and toys many many toys
they've been toys but they're back
Ju from rock band
something
there were also a rock bands this time
they do some things on screen and fight
shredder and try to stop someone from
releasing gas on to the city or whatever
and then the movie ends I think Mike
what did you think of Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles well I'm sure I'll be a
dissenting voice but I actually enjoyed
Ninja Turtles quite a bit I see a lot of
the problems but I didn't hate this
movie I enjoyed it especially the second
half more than I thought I would when it
gets more stupider the best thing I
could say about this movie is that I
didn't hate it
it's Michael Bay and everyone says it
looks like transformers but with Ninja
Turtles and Michael they didn't direct
it
he just noticed he was one of three
producers but it but it looks like a
Michael Bay movie I disagree no I
disagree it what it was not the the
director of this made battle Los Angeles
which classic which I also enjoyed there
the action scenes and the pacing of it
had this kind of energy to it and I
thought they this you know you're just
starting with a concept of Mutant Ninja
Turtles and you're starting with this
completely ridiculous premise that's
made for children although it wasn't
originally made for children of course
Peter Laird and Kevin Eastman wrote it
and I think they were on acid right
that's it that was the legend they were
on something the the original comics
would would definitely earn an R rating
but I'd say age wise probably geared
more towards like a 14 or 15 years old
rather than a 7 or 8 year old that's
that's probably something we should
point out is that this movie was not
made for us because people like oh no
it's Michael Bay's producing he's
ruining the integrity of the Ninja
Turtles but aside from the original
comic the Ninja Turtles have always been
a product from the cartoon on they've
been horrible sellouts yeah again like
the Transformers the cartoon existent is
a 30-minute ad to sell toy sure unlike
the Transformers though they did start
from somewhere wellit's with some
integrity they did but as far as what
people know about the Ninja Turtles in
pop culture they know the cartoon they
know the toys no one no one were
cares about the original comic book
you have this weird premise that's made
now appeals to children was made for
teenagers and old men now have nostalgia
for it so you have this quasi audience
demographic and this movie was was pg-13
it was surprisingly violent which I
enjoyed and I thought I thought it was a
good action movie with some fun moments
in it I'll decide from a really really
lousy script yes well that's the thing
for me it was just such a confused movie
as far as who it was trying to be aimed
at because there we there are a lot of
kids in the theater when we saw it and
when the Ninja Turtles the movie felt
like a 90 minute trailer it felt like it
was like right this breakneck pace where
they were just in such a hurry to get
over with which I am okay with because I
was I would was happy for it to get over
as soon as possible but it their scenes
where it's just the wacky Ninja Turtles
and they're being goofy and and they're
like the Ninja Turtles like they've
always been but then it cuts to shredder
and it cuts to William Fichtner and it
cuts to the foot who are now like
horrible violent terrorists and the
Ninja Turtles are bulletproof and
there's nothing like ninja like or fun
about any of the action it was really
and then it comes to splinter getting
Pizza thrown on his face and it was just
all over the place as far as the tone
goes they're wacky
occasionally in short bursts but the way
the way they came off to me was more
just large and intimidating they felt
like for large intimidating gangsters
they wanted to sell drugs on my property
and I I couldn't do anything about it
because they were armed yeah do not say
a word about this to anyone if you do we
will find you
we'll find you I'm sorry that came
across super creepy okay we will find
you that well the initial introduction
of the Ninja Turtles is camp scary so
that's why I like it's a good that's
rated pg-13 I wouldn't take a anyone
under 87 but little kids but little kids
will want to see this movie that's the
thing there was tons of kids in the
theater when we saw there was one point
when Michelangelo he says something
goofy and the kid goes Oh Mikey look the
kid that was at the end yeah it was on
to see you sure and I think it's fine
for for kids that can talk I'll give it
I'll give it that level okay because I
think you know we've discussed this
before like growing up you see a lot of
a lot of movies from the 80s were darker
and I think kids can take it I think
kids get the violence angle didn't
bother me no no and it's a little scary
when they show up at first it's a little
dark but I've seen dark movies when I
was kid and I'm fine but you know it's
like maybe not a 4 year old or 3 year
old because they should be watching the
lego movie or some sort of bright
animated colorful cartoon this is not
for them and that's why it is a pg-13
rating yeah as as a grownup I I thought
the the premise was was tired the gas of
course we seen that in 28 movies
recently I thought the writing was kind
of dumb at points but I thought the
Ninja Turtles were written well enough
and they did some funny things they made
me laugh and I enjoyed the action scenes
I wasn't bored during the action scenes
which has happened a lot to me recently
yeah I kept thinking of The Hobbit um oh
I don't remember it was the first or the
second one when they're going down the
river on the barrel that's as I was it
that was an OK action scene but I
remember like kind of phasing out this
one has a similar scene where the truck
is going down a mountain of snow and
then I barely the highest mountain in
existence because they just keep on
going and apparently in the New York
City area yeah I don't know that it's
summer in New York but just outside of
New York yes their winter and snowy
Mount Everest is 5 miles
away from New York City somewhere that
didn't make any sense at all to me but
cares but the Ninja Turtles are on their
backs and they're flipping and then the
truck sliding and I thought that was a
fun action scene
I thought it went on too long and it got
it went a little too long but at least
see this is this is a weird comparison
but the movie reminded me of escape from
LA escape from LA is a shit movie it's a
terrible movie
but Snake Plissken is still Snake
Plissken in it it's a shit movie around
him but he's still that same character
and this was the Ninja Turtles there's
still the wacky goofy Ninja Turtles that
kids like they're just in this shit
movie but that that action scene like at
the very least they all get to use their
particular little traits
Michelangelo at one point he pulls out a
skateboard and he's skating down the
mountain they all have their own little
little moments to shine as the type of
characters that they've been established
for however long yeah Turtles
surprisingly developed for the time
frame they had I mean I felt like there
were scenes missing like that connect a
lot of the character the April O'Neil
character like is already like Oh
Donatello she calls him Donnie and it's
like you just met them in the sewer for
like five minutes and then should I give
family at the end nearly no these guys
know well it was because she raised the
box turtles in her dog that's right so I
already forgot about the fact that this
is the most convenient story of that is
pretty pretty ham-fisted inconvenience
the fact that her dad worked with the
scientist guys is a very close-knit plot
yes in terms of character connections
but what I was gonna say is that it
seems too soon to already be remaking
the amazing spider-man
sighs I have trained you your whole
lives
to protect the city above
we're taking your armor to the next
level
shred
I don't want to give an excuse like this
is a kids movie because you could say
that about transformers you could say
about whatever the kids movies are they
could be dumb but I thought this one was
more coherent than a normal Michael Bay
transformers movie it was lesson not so
stupid oh sure but again this one this
one falls into the ED stupid you know
William Fichtner saying we are going to
release the gas master shredder like
saying this ridiculous stupid dialogue
and then the the mutagen and it's like
green and red and it's like gasps it
just says gas and it's like so
simplistic but that's okay in this
particular movie I'll give it a pass
because I don't know little kids have to
understand it not only gas but also
magic blood that heals wounds why don't
they want to kidnap splinter - wooden
splinter also have the mutagen in his
blood instead of just beating him to
death and I suppose he would unless they
injected him with a different mutagen I
didn't understand why they injected
turtles with the mutagen in the first
place they just need to test subjects
like just test testing the thing I am
sure you use a monkey among monkeys and
like chimpanzees are the closest thing
to humans so that's why they test drugs
and some like it had to be Turtles
because it's a ninja turtle so yeah it
didn't make sense why they tested it on
turtles it should have gave some BS
excuse cuz that doesn't make any sense
ABS excuses to everything else in the
movie why not that everything's brushed
over like the the why they're ninjas
yeah it's like a forest we're mutants we
get swept down into the sewer we're
growing up hey look here's a book on
ninjas
I guess splinters like I guess I'll
train these Turtles to do ninjutsu that
also gave him a Asian accent - it gave
him a Tony Shalhoub trying to do Asian
accent it was sort of weird
yeah lots of conveniences lots of swept
over the reason they're called the foot
is because they step on people that was
said during the opening duration well
again though okay you're complaining
about how a giant mutated rat becomes a
kung fu master doesn't matter and that
the question does to ethnics you don't
want to be you don't want to be accused
of being um a hypocrite
when you could say it's just a teenage
Ninja Turtles movie I mean it's a
ridiculous premise
oh sure you really think about it it's
stupid but you then if it's so stupid
you can't complain about how splinter
becomes a ninja man cuz it's so dumb all
right there is a cartoon going on right
now in Nickelodeon it's new Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles cartoon and
splinter is a fully fleshed out thought
out realized character that has emotions
and a backstory yeah you can have a
movie like this for the premise is
completely ridiculous and still have it
be well-written too it's interesting
that this came up the weekend after
guardians of the galaxy because that's a
movie where I think younger audiences
the same age audiences that would go see
Ninja Turtles can can appreciate it you
know 12 14 year-olds and that's a movie
where all the backstories of all our
main characters a really dark but the
movie itself is light-hearted and fun
and everybody's fleshed out and their
their motivations make sense
this movie is just like junk it's it is
lazy writing but how do you set up a
story like this and still keep little
kids interested there they're a senior
there's an example of that it's called
the first Ninja Turtles movie which I
don't were most a piece by any means but
it makes complete sense and it's well
done for what it is yeah do they do they
explain the origin like well that no
they just walk into like radioactive goo
right they don't explain the backstory
of the ooze that's what the secret of
they use is for okay which I will say
this new Ninja Turtle movie is better
than the secret of the use or Ninja
Turtles 3 turtles and time sure for
whatever that was Splinter do they
explain how splinter becomes a ninja
master even he was the pet of a ninja
master
no okay he's awesome when he was
training all day okay well I guess that
makes sense yeah there's plenty of stuff
that makes sense it's still a ridiculous
premise but everything makes sense and
this is a movie where all the details
are just brushed over with nonsense yeah
the details of the writing is pretty
terrible and
there's there's a lot of um and you can
say oh it's for kids but you can only
say that to a certain extent where it
feels like like this cynical slap to get
this feels like a first draft and
they're just like oh that's good enough
yeah yeah you must stop together
stronger than he can ever be let's go
save my brothers I thought it was an odd
touch they make a point of saying early
on that they're there to remain hidden
there would remain out of the public
sight until they're ready because
they're teenagers they're cocky kids
they're younger and yet when they save
april o'neil early on uh-oh no they
don't say they've Rolo Neal she's spying
on the bad guys and then one of the
turtle shows up and he stops the bad
guys from doing whatever they're doing
where the docks and then he leaves
behind like a symbol like if you're
trying to remain anonymous why would you
leave that symbol behind
it's April needed something to
investigate really exactly yeah that had
the first act of this movie would be a
lot more entertaining if you watch it
with the mindset that the turtles don't
actually exist in April O'Neil's just a
crazy person yeah my biggest complaint
about the movie though was the tone
being all over the place as far as who
it's aimed at I was never sure because
there was the scenes with the Ninja
Turtles just being wacky Ninja Turtles
the kids in the theater were laughing
they loved it and then there was these
really dark violent scenes like the
middle act of the second act of the
movie
shredder beats the shit out of everybody
they show up in the sewer and he beats
the shit out of Raphael and you hear
like his bones cracking and breaking he
holds up splinter and like punches him
in the gut yeah and he thinks he kills
him then the turtles are held captive
and they're like shooting him with
Tasers there was a lot of violence and
it was just like the most miserable
thing and I felt so bad as they kid like
oh these kids are probably having fun
right now
it wasn't especially fun violence no it
wasn't and there you can find a balance
again like something guardians the
galaxy where it's it's finding that
balance between taking the action and
the the serious elements you know
serious to a certain extent but still
you know keeping the movies entertaining
to me this movie was not entertaining
whenever the turtles weren't just being
goofy ninja - yeah well those are the
strongest parts when they're being wacky
and I didn't I wasn't annoyed by that no
I was worried that it was gonna be more
like those racist transformers from the
second Transformers but yeah when they
they're just it's so annoying and
grading and obnoxious I like the Ninja
Turtles themselves and in this movie
they right now
but I agree with the tone and you know
darker moments it's like they couldn't
please both audiences they don't want to
make it too kitty but they also wanted
to make it dark and cool for the the
manchild fanboy out there that want to
see ninja trills fight mechanized
shredder and a giant power armor suit
man shell just don't want them to fight
a metal shredder they want them to fight
the regular sure they just want to see
the same shit they saw when they were 12
years old
you're not the nostalgia trip yeah I
don't know who this movie was supposed
to appeal to because Meyer the Foot Clan
they're just guys with guns no yeah
they're not there's very little ninja
yeah often they were Ninja Turtles yeah
they're just armed bugs they're armed
terrorists basically yeah did they try
we always said that all new all new
superhero movies are getting the dark
night treatment yeah
was this a very very vague effort of
giving Ninja Turtles the Dark Knight
treatment not with the characters
themselves maybe with the world a and
have it again like a skate from era it's
a completely different environment a
completely different movie but the
turtle characters are still the same as
they've always been
mmm well the focus is kind of on April
I'm if somebody who actually made a
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle movie didn't
worry that a ninja Foot Clan in New York
was too silly I guess could that have
been the thought you got Ninja Turtles
you're already silly oh I know I know
but somebody who's trying to make a dark
gritty violent realistic Ninja Turtle
movie and thinking oh we can't do silly
ninjas in our ninja movie
portable ones fighting lilith-sama
if you compare it to the turtles and
their backstory and all this stuff like
sure it was a sloppy script moved along
at a fine face and was entertaining and
I think it would be fun for kids over 6
to me it was it was junk but it was
harmless junk sure it didn't make me
angry it didn't make me angry I didn't
roll my eyes I didn't get upset there's
there's something about it that gave it
gave it a like a nice fuzzy glow to it
that slipped by you know unlike unlike a
Transformers film where it's just like
an assault on your senses yeah and your
intelligence like this I can recognize
it for what it is and accept it I I
didn't get that glow I I hated the movie
did you hate it because it was a bad
Ninja Turtles movie or just because it
was a bad movie that it was a terrible
movie
none of the plot was really really just
so dumb I don't believe how dumb it is
dumb and the businessman is gonna make
money by guessing many people i I didn't
Reaper ticularly care for the Ninja
Turtles themselves I didn't I didn't
despise their take on them but it didn't
do much for me yeah they could have
expanded that a little more I could have
made him one more fun had more comedic
scenes with them April was a dumb
characters I just wasn't outright
seething hate like I had for the amazing
spider-man 2 was more like I just never
really cared about what was going on
so Mike would you recommend Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles um I'm gonna go
with the YES on this one
I enjoyed it mostly I would not
recommend the movie I would say if you
have a ten-year-old who loves the
cartoons and the toys and they want to
see it because Ninja Turtles take it to
see it though they'll enjoy the 10
seconds where Michelangelo is being
funny and and then you you can go home
you can forget about the movie until the
sequel comes out and you might have to
take you're going to see it then if they
if they haven't gotten over the Ninja
Turtles and then you can forget about
that after it's out of leaders yeah I
would not recommend it either
I would say yeah just pray that your
kids by the time the second one comes
out they're old enough to not care about
the Ninja tour
anymore like we all reached that age I
think know what stupid your total is
there anything else we should know about
they're ninjas oh jeez I totally forgot
why I came in here yeah you guys can't
be in this house what why because it's
being used as a repository for chloro
fluoro benzene a highly toxic gas but
this is somebody's house yeah don't look
at me the way I understand it the
chemical company down the way they can't
dump their toxic waste into the air the
see but due to a legal loophole they
can't dump it into a private residence
is that why the city rebuilt Plunkett's
house right here yeah some corrupt
politician built that into the contract
for this place yeah dirty bastards
taking money under the table from the
chemical company damn corruption damn
deadly gas if only we had real
superheroes like the Ninja Turtles
wait a minute Jay maybe breathing in all
this gas will give us superpowers
then we could fight the corrupt
politicians and the chemical companies
on our own yeah well let's just sit here
and breathe in these toxic chemicals and
see what happens
that sounds good well good luck breathe
it in all these carcinogenic gases I'm
gonna go outside and have a cigarette
leave Mike believe I can feel the
superpowers taking hold already I think
it's working
