Sep 26, 2014 
2014 Movie Catch-up (Part 2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFu8IH02_co
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/515516713350094848
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152399231302634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-2014-movie-catch-up-part-2-of-2

Half in the bag.
I saw a lot of good indie
dramas unfortunately I did not see a
single good comedy mm that I could
recommend I was excited
believe it or not about let's be cops
why were you excited about this film I
thought the premise was was interesting
I would say it's a good comedy premise
yeah it starred the the black guy and
the white guy from new girl no not those
two the other two Jake Johnson and Damon
Wayans child you don't jump out on
brothers man you like that so we're
going to party tonight cops Argos your
choice I don't want to be a ghost
let's be cops so I was like let's be
cups and the trailer was great movie
terrible it's it's the the
quintessential example of everything
that's funny is in the trailer mm-hmm Oh
what do we have here officers this is is
this for real
the premise is Jake Johnson and Damon
Wayans Jr dress up as cops for a costume
party and and unbeknownst to them it's a
masquerade party not a costume party
but they have police uniforms because
Damon Wayans Jr works at a video game
software company and he's sort of like
the the guy who's trying to sell his his
game about real-life cops and so he has
a policeman's uniform some reason it's
so fucking stupid they don't even need
to include that angle they could have
just found just get costumes yeah but um
he happened to have that and that's
that's like half of the movie is him
like like trying to get his game I'm
assuming there's some sort of payoff at
the end with the game right kind of it's
it's incredibly dumb so the fun of them
being like dudes that are pretending to
be cops is all shown in the trailer
whatever they were doing to abuse the
power for comedy purposes and then the
film suddenly gets bogged down in this
ridiculous plot where where they um they
cross with the Russian mob and
what's-his-face falls in love with a
waitress and her parents own this like
real deli or restaurant that the mob is
like making extort money from them and
then it after ten minutes into the film
we're done with gags and we follow this
like a name pointless plot this sounds
awful it's pretty awful everything about
that sounds terrible I I chuckled one
time and then at the end of the film the
credit roll you know does the little
window and it shows outtakes yeah I show
all the all the bits that presumably
they shot and didn't use in the film
where they're doing cop things and
fucking around with people and all that
was hilarious well you don't want too
much comedy in your comedy film you
gonna cut all that stuff out in favor of
boring pointless plots about the Russian
mafia an overbearing storyline yeah they
need to take advantage of the yucks
mm-hmm
they need to say this is our premise
what a great premise let's let's come up
with so many fun things we can do with
this premise which should not be
confused with let's do the same gag over
and over again meet it like a dead horse
sure different well I saw another film I
wish I hadn't seen called Willow Creek
and it's directed by Bobcat Goldthwait
who I want to like as a filmmaker based
on the strength of a movie did called
World's Greatest Dad which is one of my
favorite comedies of the last I don't
know 10 years it's it's very funny very
dark but very heartfelt and smart it's
well written and he did a movie before
that a really low budget movie called
sleeping dogs lie a romantic a charming
romantic comedy about a girl that blows
her dog but there's only a small
elephant of the movie it's actually very
touching but anyway he made a movie
after that called god Bless America that
sucks and now he's made a movie called
Willow Creek which also sucks there's
nothing in here about blowing your dog
although I'm sure this guy has check one
my boyfriend's a big idiot check one I
said I will come on this trip to help
you with your film and it's your
birthday and we're gonna have a great
time but I'm not about to say that I
believe in Bigfoot have you ever seen
Blair Witch projects yes it's the Blair
Witch Project except about sasquatch
instead of a witch to Harvey
it's a it's Bobcat Goldthwait directing
a found footage movie about sasquatch I
don't know why he wanted to do a found
footage movie it's such an over plays
onra and he doesn't make horror films
but I guess he personally has an
interest in Bigfoot so you wanted to
make this movie but it is the Blair
Witch Project it's this couple except
it's a couple's not a group of film
students but they go camping in the
woods and they hear things at night and
then the end of the movie is the camera
shaking and going crazy and then it just
awkwardly cuts to black
it's the Blair Witch Project wow that's
awful it was ever show Bigfoot no course
not like the Blair Witch Project that
was effective because he didn't know
what was going on but in this movie they
very heavily allude to the fact that
there is a Bigfoot even though you don't
see it and it just I was watching the
whole movie it's just the Blair Witch
Project it starts with them interviewing
the town's folk showing them hiking into
the woods getting a little lost in the
woods camping at night and hearing
noises it is the exact same movie the
two leads are very good it's a it's a
couple they're in a relationship and
both those actors are really good but no
well you and I saw very few of the same
films we saw enemy and coincidentally we
also saw another film that was brown and
ugly starring Jason Bateman who has
appeared in such things as how can I
tell if I'm really in love and Arrested
Development and a whole bunch of some
other things but how can I tell if I'm
really in love is it really the high
point of that that's that's the big one
that's the one he'll be known for but
bad words directorial debut of Jason
Bateman oh yeah right damn his first and
last two right directorial thing yeah
this movie was so ugly the whole you
guys he said it was brown the whole
movie was brown I just want you late abs
qu a tu la te that's correct
who's next yeah the spelling bee isn't
it for kids
rule number 24 the speller must not have
passed beyond the 8th grade on or before
February 1st you can see there I have
not passed the 8th grade not ever again
in the theme of interesting premise
premises Prem I in the theme of
interesting films in the thing in in the
theme of films with a good premise gone
bad bad words is about Jason Bateman
having a grudge which is revealed later
in the film which is obvious the entire
film against spelling these he enters
into spelling bees as an adult and wins
them all through through a loophole
yeah he's competing against all these
children kicking their asses and
swearing at them yeah and then he
befriends a small Indian boy and and it
goes downhill yeah well the whole thing
is like they're constantly saying
throughout the movie like why are you
really doing this why are you really
doing this and he won't reveal it it's
supposed to be like okay at the end it's
going to be the big revelation as to why
he is rigging this Spelling Bee
competition but it's so obvious from the
get-go what is happening
it's completely predictable all right if
you don't have any friends
I bet you're crushed ask those would
make up for it with the women nope when
I do go on it's going to be girl with
nipples they all have nipples fell no
they don't they do get it yeah and what
also made me uncomfortable was him
taking an underage Indian boy to a
prostitute mmm and having her her expose
herself to him well they're they're
clearly going for the dark comedies I
mean it's called bad words I've been so
many movies that have bad like there's
bad santa there's bad teacher and goes a
TV show called like bad judge like
that's a thing now it's the bad
sub-genre that's clearly what this is
going for but there's a way to execute
it and then there's just Oh too dark
comedy so let's just make everything
ugly and it's like no you're defeating
the purpose yeah yeah and no matter if
it's a dark comedy you should have a
likeable character what are you doing up
on the stage weirdo
your chair called me for help like help
me it's so heavy I'm gonna say that
isn't always like have you ever seen Bad
Santa yeah I like Bad Santa a lot and
Billy Bob Thornton is not charming at
all in that movie but I think that's a
case where they go so far right on the
other end where it works there's there's
a disconnect with his character yeah
Billy Bob Thornton in Bad Santa is so
disconnected to wear it like you feel
sorry for a moment yeah and with Jason
Bateman's character he he comes off as
too intelligent and too crass and too
he's like trying to be sly about
everything yeah almost like to where he
becomes unlikable mm-hmm and that's why
a Billy Bob Thornton character works
because his nature is cruelty yeah and
and being disconnected from everything
and being self-absorbed in an asshole
and that's funny there you can have a
complete asshole character and have them
be likable it's their motivation yes
it's what that's Billy Bob Thornton give
crap
on anything jason bateman he had a goal
and he had some kind of angle and and he
had the intelligence and the forethought
to make these decisions yeah and that's
what it didn't quite work and it's kind
of an ugly sick feeling the whole time
you don't want that from a comedy you
want that from enemy yes what an ugly
sick feeling all during enemy and that's
what that succeeded out bad words not so
much
that's what movies are complicated
things James very complicated it's true
very hard to make a perfect movie but
they have it's called the Empire Strikes
Back was that a broad comedy it was
intended to be a broad comedy and they
failed so horribly they made a masterful
science-fiction Wow
well speaking of masterful
science-fiction films
I saw Jodorowsky's dune which is a
documentary about a claims experimental
filmmaker Alejandro Jodorowsky's
attempts to adapt the book dune yo kiria
hacer una película KD era a la gente
que toma el ec de la SaLuSa Naciones que
la droga dhaba cena loosen a co mayan
vision'
condon free tremenda i want to create a
profit to change this young mine of all
the world interesting documentary I've
read a lot of stuff online where people
are saying it's inspiring and makes them
want to go out and create art because
the whole idea with it is that Alejandro
Jodorowsky is a crazy man first of all
which I was not too aware of before this
documentary but did get that vibe from
his films
well I mean obviously his movies are
nuts but I like his movies I like El
Topo I really like the holy mountain
it's like the bender of experimental
films it's just this epic thing but
after seeing Jodorowsky's dune and
seeing his grand vision for it like he
wanted HR Giger attached to do the
designs it was like this dream team of
like late 70s creative people and of
course it just got too big too ambitious
and the whole thing fell apart and what
I wanted to see more of in the
documentary was the producer side the
logical producer who's like we can't
make this for these reasons and it kind
of brushes over all that and to just
sort of praising all these visionary
things and and that stuff is interesting
especially seeing the people he got
involved with it
but I wanted to learn more about why it
crashed and burned I would like to see
something like that on ghostbusters mmm
the original Oh like Dan Aykroyd's ideas
for it yesterday I've heard they talked
about on the commentary a lot not to
derail your jar turnaround no this is
actually related so that uh yeah the
wacky shit that was in there and they're
like nope nope yeah nope cutting it all
out well you need us when you're making
a movie at that level you need those
people it needs to be a collaborative
thing yeah it's not it's not and that's
what you're saying is in how they
present it in the documentary they
presented as like as this mrs. Classon
that could have been this missing thing
they offered to you the most important
picture in the story of the humanity
with shady worm movies are a blend of
art and business hmm
and yeah you need you need that balance
you can't just have he was gonna do this
and that'll Oh like yes but yeah I can
see that so no interest in that one it's
interesting to see all the things in it
that uh all the people he got involved
that ended up doing other science
fiction stuff like HR Giger because that
didn't happen he took the job on alien
things like that or interesting to see
all the sci-fi that sort of came to
exists in as a result of this movie
falling apart
because that man well speaking of
documentaries I saw electric Boogaloo oh
yes I saw it in Toronto at the the
Toronto International Film Festival I
can't wait to see this movie I was very
very very entertaining I just had in my
head what movie producer should be and
menachem just didn't quite fit that
picture Irie dubbed me with an American
boss but not a voice is similar to my a
true ninja doesn't kill the eliminates
and only for defensive purposes is so
not dinger I don't know I've never seen
a ninja
they were the forerunners of the
Weinsteins and differences the Mayans
cared about quality the electric
Boogaloo is a documentary about the
founders of Cannon Films Golan and
Globus yes
two guys who made schlock essentially a
movie Factory they cranked out whatever
junk to make money mm-hmm and lots of
action movies it's sort of like the rise
and fall of their company from humble
beginnings to the peak and then the
self-destruction of it and it's just a
lot of they don't interview them but oh
they're not interviewed at all for it I
mean I know and
Cockrum golem just i but the documentary
was made before that yeah no they're not
in it oh wow it's all the people that
they've worked with and everyone sharing
their stories and it just it goes in a
linear form it doesn't shy away from a
lot of the darker stuff like the
interview Marina Sirtis
aka counselor Deanna Troi Star Trek The
Next Generation and she was in some
sleazy movies produced by them where
she's topless and being whipped and she
tells a story about how the the sadist
director didn't want her to to have a
blanket on her when she was freezing
cold for lighting and and kind of a lot
of the sleazy stuff that happens and you
know how they would raise money for
their movies and basically sell a movie
that wasn't even made yet to foreign
markets and then use that money to
quickly slap together the movie and the
result is of course a catalog of
wonderfully bad movie yes which we are
both fans of the audience wasn't
prepared for the craziness
Lunas ninja 3 the domination managed to
take the exercies a ninja movie and
combine it with Flashdance yes really
and that's insane one of the more
memorable scenes was they open a new
production office in LA and they have a
premiere for one of the death wish
films.the our parking garage and that
it's like this like red carpet black-tie
event in their parking garage is
interviewed as like an angle goes
Charles Bronson there yeah oh man talks
and then it's Locke Meister's the story
of two schlock monsters and it's it's
fun I can't wait I wanna see it yeah
it's made for entertainment value it's
made for yucks showing clips of all the
bad movies but I just minor critique I
would have liked to slow down a little
and kind of learn a little bit more
about the business side kind of like
your your critique on the jar danowsky
jarred arouse key yeah um doc is that
you would prefer a little more substance
about the business yeah production
elements because I would have liked that
but it's very entertaining it's good for
laughs and and seeing clips from their
Hercules film
we're luring no throws bare into outer
space
it was almost like a bowel movement you
make a movie it comes out you flush it
you move on to another one
well J we've talked about all the movies
we saw this year which we didn't review
in full are there any other movies
you're looking forward to throughout the
rest of this year oh boy I don't even
know what's coming out anymore the third
Hobbit films coming out oh yeah
desolation of smaug that was the last
one oh what's the next one is The Hobbit
part three the desolation of Smaug part
two an unexpected bowel movement yes
that's the full title okay and there'll
be an extended version of that on
blu-ray in six months - it'll be called
The Hobbit part 3.2 the desolation of
smaug 2.1 oh my god that'll be the
blu-ray version I need to get a
calculator to figure out this movie's
title yeah yeah so that Peter Jackson he
just doesn't know when to quit
yeah so that's the big end-of-the-year
movie with a good
oh my god then watches gas is backing up
into our bio Tron waste disposal
facility this place is gonna be
