Jul 12, 2014
Deliver Us From Evil, Edge of Tomorrow, and Transformers 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7olh2I0dN7w
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/488171792242974721
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152250548147634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-deliver-us-from-evil-edge-of-tomorrow-and-transformers-4

Half in the bag.
Jerks can't fix the VCR right.
Jesus Christ it's like a chicken with
his head cut off Paul thank Christ yeah
back to her lightning-fast VCR repair
how can I help you uh yes uh do you
still fix VCRs yes we do and no our
refrigerator isn't running
I stopped chasing it weeks ago uh oh
good um well I have a broken VCR
I can't say that I should get a blu-ray
player but I like all my tapes can you
fix it
sure we can fucking fix it do you have
fucking money
well yes do you make house calls sure we
make house calls sometimes for a very
long time what's your address okay good
I'll see you then bye-bye Jay get out of
the bathroom we got a job come in
I use the VCR repairman
well it's questionable if I'm a man but
we do repair VCRs great
there's my VCR hmm what's the fucking
problem with it Mike what's with the
swearing do you have fucking Tourette's
no fuck you motherfucker it just stops
working after 20 minutes and it ejects
the tape all by itself mm-hmm all by
itself you say have you consulted a
priest it's very likely that this VCR is
possessed by a demonic entity as seen in
the current film deliver us from evil
hey Mike it sounds like a faulty eject
switch on the circuit board that takes
five minutes to repair ma'am it'll take
16 hours to fix this VCR Oh
what is your hourly rate nine thousand
dollars an hour oh you're being silly
I'll give you twenty dollars I can pick
up a working VCR at a thrift store for
five bucks but I like this one
my late husband gave it to me for my
birthday in 1980
hmm your late husband you say have you
considered the fact that it's his spirit
trapped in that VCR you know ma'am I
happen to be a licensed Exorcist and for
a nominal fee I can exorcise his spirit
from the VCR sending him off into heaven
preventing his soul from being trapped
and tormented in the depths of hell for
eternity as seen in the current film
Tammy no it's just that it's not working
I'm going to go to the market and I'll
be back in an hour and I expect that VCR
to be working I would like to watch my
tapes
20 bucks this is bullshit yeah
hey you mentioned deliver us from evil
you know I saw that last night have you
seen any other films
well of course Jay I've seen The Wizard
of Oz Casablanca Ghoulies three Ghoulies
go to college now I mean recently well
I've seen deliver us from evil but I've
also seen transformers 4 and the edge of
tomorrow oh my god me too well Jay I
think we should talk about movies now
yeah let's talk about movies before that
mean old lady gets back Jay are you
saying you want to murder her yes hey
before we start talking about these
movies and before we fix her VCR let's
make long-distance phone calls on her
telephone line hello China yeah I hear
everyone there is watching transformers
4 yeah can you guys stop watching our
movies
you're ruining them you're making us
make bad movies ok thanks bye you know
that phone call just cost us a hundred
thousand China bucks
did you just know that number off the
top of your head mm-hmm it was my old
cell phone number
as a cop I've seen some horrible things
but nothing I can't be explained by
human nature
then you haven't scenes for evil the new
film deliver us from evil which is not
to be confused with deliver us from evil
deliver us from evil deliver us from
evil deliver us from evil or deliver us
from Eva is based on real-life New York
police detective ralph sarchie and his
adventures and exorcism the film is
based on SAR cheese 2001 book called
beware the night which has nothing to do
with the film at all
sinister director scott derrickson Helms
the film which stars Eric Bana and Aaron
Rodgers current girlfriend Jay we saw
this movie but you know they had no
interest in seeing well--that's thus
yeah the interesting thing normally when
we see a movie like this it's you saying
to me
Jay why did we see this movie why did
you make me see this movie and this is
the exact opposite Mike why did you make
me see this movie uh Jay I like the
horror movies particularly supernatural
movies movies ba hauntings and and
exorcisms and demons and stuff like that
uh I can say with some certainty that I
no longer like those movies you have all
the ones that are based on true stories
I have to say this movie ruined the
based on actual events movies I've been
a sucker I feel like someone who keeps
going back to a carnival to a carny and
keeps playing the same like ring-toss
game
yeah and losing and then realizing that
it's it's fixed because anything that
has based on actual events now 1% is
based on actual events yeah I guess we
can get into that with this movie like
what is and what isn't the true story of
what happens but though the weird thing
is this is a this is a January movie
this is a fuck you it's January movie I
don't know what it's doing in the middle
of summer with all these big
blockbusters maybe like
counter-programming they do that but
that's usually like romantic comedies
and things like that but this is
definitely a fuck you it's January movie
and it could have been hilarious if it
wasn't so boring
it was
boring and did have unintentional
comedic moments yes
I don't think blending a no-nonsense cop
from the Bronx with The Exorcist is
quite the best thing to do it has
potential to be a great comedy but
unfortunately it falls flat yes yes
especially when they're booking the
possessed woman who looks like The
Exorcist there's in this normal bland
police station and they've got Linda
Blair and they're just do you know a man
named Santino that's right
Mick Mick Santino well let's let's do a
little quick recap I'm sure no one in
the world wants to hear us talk about
this movie but we're gonna do it real
quick okay so there's a police detective
his name's Ralph sarchie
in real life do you think he's related
to my ears Archie the director of I Spit
on Your Grave was that a joker that's
the director of uh Spit on Your Grave
his last name is Archie I'm just
wondering if they're related no he's not
related to Ralph Kramden either you
fuckin idiot so ralph sarchie uh he he's
a police detective and he enjoys
investigating paranormal things and in
real life he befriended some kind of
priest guy and they went around and went
to a couple exorcisms and and
interestingly enough I read that he was
sort of tutored or instructed by
Lorraine Warren world-famous
demonologist Herman her and her husband
had one or demonologist a conjuring the
conjuring couple right and I was like oh
they're gonna tie that in you know and
Lorraine Warren is actually still alive
she's she's very very old death there's
laws of attraction and uh she's she's
almost half dead herself oh I guess you
could say she's she's part ghost um so
maybe she haunts herself but she's very
old but she's not dead yet but they
didn't include any of that in this film
and what they did include was
a series of events and storyline that
that I'm assuming was completely
fabricated I read some of the things
that appeared in his book and there are
like different cases that had happened
and none of that was in the movie
okay the movie is about three US
soldiers in Iraq in 2010 who read a
Latin phrase on the wall they they they
go down the wrong cave and there's a
Latin phrase on the wall and it makes
them possessed by demons and that's the
plot of the movie and then one of them
goes to the Bronx Zoo for some reason
and puts that phrase on a wall in the
zoo in the Lions Den and a woman gets
possessed from looking at it he's a
painter he's one of the soldiers and he
had read the phrase so there's a demon
in him and then he goes to the zoo I
guess maybe it was his job to paint the
lion cage cage but he was painting over
his own graffiti so that doesn't make
sense nevermind
okay so he writes this graffiti on the
wall and the Latin phrase that when you
read it the demon comes in your body
apparently that's all it takes to get a
demon should never be coming in your
body listen um
he I think he waits there for the the
chance encounter of his friend's wife
who has a baby yeah to stop by the lion
cage I guess he just assumed she would
be a busy that day
maybe um and then she reads the phrase
and instantly becomes a demon and throws
her child over the edge which is the
most hilarious part of the movie yeah it
sort of reminded me of that famous scene
from The Happening oh yeah when Mark
Wahlberg also a lion right he watches a
lion attack on a cell phone and it looks
like a Saturday Night Live sketch yeah
yeah this movie combines the the worst
traits of bad cliched cop movies with
the worst traits of bad cliche exorcism
movie good description which is a just a
recipe for a great film
you think she's possessed I'm sorry
Padre she's gone alone been where she
my husband Jimmy sometimes has these
fits or he cool who's with pings
I'm done with based on actual events
movies and I actually read an interview
with the director scott derrickson who
also directed a movie called The
Exorcism of Emily Rose oh yeah which is
a much better movie much better movie
which generally isn't like demons are
real they're here and they're trying
they're jumping off buildings and
they're you know in the zoo yeah
controlling lions there it's it's is
this is this woman actually possessed or
does she have a mental illness and
that's like kind of like a courtroom
drama yeah yeah um and the director
actually said when we put the phrase
based on actual events we made the 200
million dollars more than we anticipated
Oh
because suckers like me see based on
actual events and go oh and like the
conjuring was based on actual events
that wasn't actually a good movie yeah
but it was from the secret Case Files
from Lorraine Warren where she went on
this investigation and none of that
should happened right the table moved an
inch and they heard a voice but here's
the thing you know going into these
movies they're going to be severely
changing the story completely so so why
have you made it this far before giving
up I would be fine with this movie I
don't care if it's based on a true story
I am NOT interested in that type of
stuff in real life but if it was a good
entertaining movie in its own right I
don't care how much they change from
what supposedly really happens but this
is just a crappy movie it's it's
strictly at this point strictly
marketing based on actual events
you know it'll get more money in and
then you have people leaving the theater
saying that really happen you have a lot
of dummies leaving the theater saying
that really happened but why what gives
them the right to completely fabricate
and over-exaggerated a paranormal story
when they they don't completely over
exaggerate a based on actual events real
story and some of them are I wonder why
they even bother taking elements of a
real life thing we just make any generic
horror movie and just say based on real
events they probably do at this point
like actually you know what they did
that with Texas Chainsaw Massacre the
Michael Bay produced remake they said
inspired by real events which is it was
a remake of the original Texas Chainsaw
Massacre which had minor elements that
were based on Ed Gein
so it's like how many degrees are we
removed and just call it whatever but
yeah you're right based on actual events
and then you're like oh is this a real
story they should start doing that with
other genres too like sci-fi alien
invasion movies just say based on real
events why not
I was thinking about real movies like um
monster monster yeah yeah that or like
boys don't cry like the store it was a
Brendon Tina right the transgender
person that was murdered and just
started adding like helicopter
explosions and car chases and you know
yeah I want to see Brendon Tina driving
a semi like running over people and
that's like it's bigoted rednecks chaser
and then they jump on the roof of the
truck as it's moving and they have a
sword fight and then just say based on
actual events and real story is this
person was murdered by by um bigots yeah
but dad some car
she has to defuse a nuclear bomb at the
end
I don't understand your investigation
puts you and your family in danger
seeing a good scratching noise under the
floor no room scratching noises silence
is always scarier than loud noises and
the end of this movie is the typical
exorcism scene and I like it gave me a
headache
is this like constant shouting and then
the doors were blaring and the demon guy
is like biting his leg and it's just so
obnoticus say one nice thing about the
movie I didn't mind the exorcism scene
in the end because there was some mild
um explanation of what was happening by
the priest he's like this is step one
this is step two and then all the things
were right like he had to get the deme
yet they have the demon tell you his
name and that gets you to the next step
it was like oh okay this is interesting
hmm but none of that shit fucking
happened did he really have a
wisecracking comedy sidekick partner
probably not ralph sarchie was probably
a big fat guy who oh I'm gonna go to a
ghost hunt cuz that kept taking me out
of the movie too cuz that that character
is played by Joel McHale on the show
community which was a great show and
then it wasn't a very good show and then
it became I didn't ask you to talk about
community but know this there's a point
to this because on community they often
do parodies of serve specific styles of
or genres of TV and film so whenever he
had a line in this movie he felt like he
was doing that like a Lapera deal there
is an actual there was an actual show
called paranormal cops really I failed
as miserably as this movie did because
he can't miss mix cops and ghosts it was
Chicago police officers that were cops
by day and paranormal investigators by
night
charging around Fabiani and I started
the Chicago paranormal detectives with
some of my fellow police officers mmm
the one guy he he had the Chicago accent
was this a reality shows a reality show
he had a thick um like super fan
reaction I go polish acid you know later
that with this movie too with the all
the New York accents it's like tell me
about your ghost problem what you got
ghosts did I likes acid and it was like
this sounds kind of sore the chair moved
a little that's one of York but um I
can't do a Chicago accent for some
reason right now all right where's the
excitement guys bring it on was that
someone whipped a rope across the door
or a belt
what is that Oh mmm I'm done I'm done
just right not based on actual events on
your poster and don't go watch it
so Mike would you recommend deliver us
from a Jay I would not unless you want
to catch him that hmm I don't have to
ask you no all right
I'm gonna tell you story at first it's
gonna sound ridiculous but the longer I
talk we have to find the keys more
rational it's going to appear I can't
believe you find coffee yeah right yeah
three how many time is the creep in here
how many times Tom Cruise stars in the
edge of tomorrow which tomorrow will be
on the edge of leaving theaters in the
film the real-life insane closeted gay
cultist stars as Nicolas Cage a man who
inherits the power to repeat the same
day over and over again after being
killed by a special type of alien will
Tom Cruise saved the human race again
will he do it again in his next film
what will satisfy his massive ego tom
movies aren't real you're just a fraud
actor Mike what did you think of edge of
tomorrow J edge of tomorrow was great
definitely the best movie I've seen in a
long time but best movie of this type
best sort of big-budget sure Syfy action
oh yeah explosions out a doubt yeah
maybe even crossing over into other
genres too for me or just I loved it all
around I don't have anything bad to say
about it other than I would have
preferred a I like Tom Cruise well
enough um I think he did a fine job in
this but had there been a different lead
I think I would have enjoyed it
immensely yeah he always does a fine job
but whenever I watch a movie with him
it's just I see Tom Cruise I don't see a
character yeah and especially this
character because he's sort of when it
starts out he's like a like a cocky he's
trying to avoid you know taking on any
sort of responsibility actually as a
character arc which is nice for this
type of movie we don't see those anymore
but yeah a more interesting charismatic
kind of snarky actor would have been
better for the part and so his character
he's the like the press-secretary guy
for the war effort
he's like a he's a military officer but
he's not a combat guy
and then I saw him and he he looks like
a combat guy he looks like a decorated
officer yeah and he's like all of a
sudden he's like he's Howard and I'm
like I want him an actor like the guy
who was in district 9 like more of a
goofy or character Tom Cruise is just
like officer and a gentleman
Tom Cruise and I'm like oh he's a coward
he doesn't look like one he looks like
he looks like action man he looks like
action man and so the casting wasn't
right and I'm sure the casting is him
saying I want to make this movie it's my
movie now that sort of thing and but
that's all you can really say that's bad
about it it's a shame too that this
movie I guess hasn't done very well
because this to me is a people who like
to use the term popcorn movie and they
use it as an excuse for watching shit we
make popcorn movies we love popcorn
movies like people say like transformers
for I know it's gonna be bad but it's
just popcorn movie I just want to go see
some action but this is a popcorn movie
in the best possible way where it's it's
you know not a deep movie or anything
but it's it's entertaining it's a story
well told the action is good and it
doesn't insult your intelligence
yeah and it's a it's a witty script
there's there's a lot of humor in it
yeah which I'm told is the result of Tom
Cruise pushing for for more humor in the
movie oh really I do think it starts
stronger than it ends like stars the end
the action it's it gets a little like we
have to accomplish this thing and it
just becomes a little more routine but
by that point you like the characters do
you like the story so it's not you know
it doesn't feel like you're just waiting
for the movie to end like a lot of these
movies like get on with it get to the
action scene and this has sort of a
typical conclusion as far as the way
they have to solve the problem that
they're in without giving too much away
but the rest of movies so well told it's
a you know it feels like a satisfying
conclusion as opposed to just a routine
one if that makes sense
you do know what's happening to me
what happened to you happened to me you
hijacked their power how do I control
you have to die every day keep coming
here and I'll train you
I had the same reaction I think most
people did you see Tom Cruise and battle
Armour shooting guns and you go yeah
well and also I saw in the trailer the
armor and I was thinking of that Elysium
movie exactly I just looked like it
looked like a lot of the other movies
that are coming out right now right
which is unfortunate because it's so
much smarter and better than those yeah
and oblivion wasn't terrible but it did
what the blue bein lacked any sort of
personality of its own and this movie
had it had a distinct personality and it
was fun movies aren't fun anymore
and though when you see you transformers
4 and you're like oh fuck I guess we'll
go see that III did like that sort of
playful elements of the way they
explained the the aliens are on earth we
don't really know what they want they
just invade planets and they sort of
brush it off it kind of reminded me of
looper there's that scene in looper when
they're in the diner and they're talking
about time travel he's like look we
could go into the how convoluted time
travel is but it doesn't matter there's
time travel made it seem like that in
this where Tom Cruise is in a bar
there's all these old people talking
about like why the aliens are there and
he's like what does it matter that was a
nice touch because ultimately that's not
what the story is about so I thought
that was a clever way to incorporate
that and acknowledge that you know this
is the type of thing you see in these
movies doesn't matter your legs broken
no I'm good
any better style chosen oh come on
I'm not a soldier of course you know
you're a weapon
had a balance of not taking itself
completely seriously some levity in it
but at the same time you felt like there
was a lot at stake yeah I wasn't a
complete farce or anything right
you don't want too much humor and you
don't want it to be too serious this you
felt the stakes you felt the the threat
and but at the same time it allowed
itself to to have fun with the material
I would say that's an element the movie
didn't need it was the love story angle
it was kept to a minimum anyway but like
it would have been nice if it didn't
have that at all it was just Emily Blunt
was badass they work together and then
that's it I think they shoved in all the
elements but did it perfectly and in
just the right amount and I was fine
with the little love plot with those two
that probably would happen who couldn't
fall in love with beautiful Tom Cruise J
I'm in love with Tom Cruise
Oh No Oh No crushed it crushed it great
action movie
it's amazing what they can do with
computers I would say the action there's
a little too much of the close-up shaky
cam stuff in this that's I think it's
just that's just the aesthetic of action
movies now like in general and I just
don't like it I like the camera being
back and you can see what's happening
everything's I mean this there's war go
so I guess that makes sense
but more so than some other action
movies but did you think it was dumb
this giant intelligent alien brain to
bury itself underneath the Louvre a
glowing pyramid target instead of inside
of a mountain mm-hmm where no one could
get to you who directed this uh Doug
Wyman oh yeah who'd you write who
started with swingers yeah anyway back
when so I think he's in some other
action movies I don't know what else
he's dubbed I haven't seen any of them
that's so bizarre yeah what'd he say
yeah he's a solid solid director for
this type of movie I was wondering like
you see you hear like these these
directors like that
yeah and then you see these movies and
they're just like these amazing action
movies like remember when Steven
Spielberg was like the action director
does somebody else come in and direct
all these action scenes like how does
Doug Liman know how to put together a
scene it was such a complexity with
visual effect I don't know she smiled
baby I can't believe what an asshole you
are know maybe she's smiled I should
smiling what an ass no no she was
smiling at how money I was well going
back to swingers Jon Favreau to like he
usually directed the Iron Man movies and
I think that's like similar to this
where the movie feels like it has a
little bit more personality than these
movies yeah take these guys that do
these lower budget movies character
driven movies yeah and they can work in
all the elements that these bigger
movies are supposed to have but they're
still sort of focused on character and
yes I'm performance
conquer the rest of the world unless you
change the outcome you're not equipped
for what's up
so Mike would you recommend edge of
tomorrow absolutely
fantastic movie unfortunately I think we
have to recommend it as a rental yeah
practically out of theaters already if
you have a chance to see this movie on
the big screen yeah we had a hard time
finding the theater that was still
playing it it had like to show times the
day we win the sod they had to push it
out for 8 screenings 8 different screens
that were playing the other film we saw
yeah which was transformers age of
extinction I'm gonna ask you this once
where's Optimus Prime we got a rule
about messing with people from Texas
so Jay what did you think of
transformers for oh my god it was three
hours long the story didn't make any
sense
I couldn't tell any of the robots apart
and it was just lots of loud obnoxious
noise so Jay would you recommend
transformers for absolutely not Mike
would you recommend transformers for oh
god no
sher Fitness a new attitude Jim Barton's
the job interview on you mail to the
chief starring Randy Quaid oh my god my
hamster loves that video sheesh it's no
wonder this lady's VCR was ejecting
these tapes all by itself these movies
stain yeah well the last tape was in
there for over 30 minutes so I think
it's okay now hello boys how's the
fixing coming oh just great we actually
just finished it mmm everything's
working fine oh well I do appreciate
your hard work and your honesty I have
to put these things away before they
melt so please show yourself out okay
bye
goodbye you thank you huh well I guess
we fixed the VCR yeah so now we leave uh
I think yeah this is the part where we
leave no okay it's so weird
this is weird you're right Jay usually
when we go to fix a VCR something
strange happens yeah this was just like
a normal business transaction nothing
weird happened at all I guess let's head
back all right
dammit we were too late to assassinate
our past cell that time vortex is
unpredictable they could have left hours
ago
dammit looks like we repaired the VCR
already our only option is to destroy
the tape then when Carol watches that
old sci-fi film she gets intrigued by
human genetics which causes her to
invest in a fledgling company called bio
Tron and bio Tron becomes so successful
and Carol so wealthy that she's
appointed the CEO under her leadership
bio Tron then begins their horrible
human genetics experimentations creates
the first army of super soldiers leading
to the great eugenics war of 2035
billions dead I've seen so much wait why
are we telling each other this we
already know all this information what
is this x-men Days of Future past
fucking Jay we've got to find that tape
and destroy it
humanity is counting on us
it's in this cookie jar no I know it I
know it
I wasn't in the cookie jar
keep looking maybe it's in the couch
under the couch look under the couch
damn it it's not here jack
there must be somewhere else hey wait
why don't we just kill Carol instead
oh yeah that's a much better idea it is
done dear leader excellent future future
Michael J I would assume that my pass
opens on arm and the baton line
protected yes my queen all sectors of
the new united territories bow to your
power
you two done well since every education
you've been two of my most loyal sons
when the new age is upon us you will be
spared from vaporization thank you my
queen return to the future future and
prepare for the next phase of the great
eugenics war ah yes my queen
