Jul 26, 2015
Ant-Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jr_Rhx3B848
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/625293242851008512
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153053614897634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-ant-man

Half in the bag.
Get out of my car and into my dreams.
god this job is so boring it's putting
me to sleep faster than Bill Cosby hey
did you hear Bill Cosby was recently
spotted at an AAA meeting really I
didn't know Bill Cosby was an alcoholic
oh no it was a meeting for a mature
anesthesiologist hey did you know Bill
Cosby used to do ads for puddin pops
well now pops is putting it in them hey
did you know Bill Cosby kept all of his
sweaters from The Cosby Show really
those sweaters always seem so hot and
stuffy to me yeah he'd let the ladies
wear them hoping they'd pass out hey Jay
how do Bill Cosby's dates spell jell-o
how je l hey you know what Bill Cosby's
wife's nickname for him is what's that
serial rapists hey speaking of falling
asleep and getting raped have you seen
Ant Man
yep well I believe now we should talk
about ant-man ant-man is the latest
Marvel movie in the Marvel Cinematic
Universe from Marvel films it stars Paul
Rudd as ant-man
a Marvel superhero ripped right from the
pages of a Marvel comic book in the
Marvel film ant-man is hired by a former
ant-man
to break into a building to steal a bad
ant-man suit which will most definitely
not eventually be worn by an evil
businessman original director Edgar
Wright left the project when Marvel
wanted to stifle his creativity and
create connections within the film to
the Marvel Cinematic Universe he was
replaced by Peyton Reed who ironically
directed a film called yes-man Mike what
did you think of marvels ant-man ant-man
was very very good yes that's that's my
only description of this I was I would
call a good manufactured fun does that
seem appropriate yeah Paul Rudd is is
Paul Rudd
he's not full-on paul rudd no a lot of
surprisingly a lot of the the paul rudd
like quips and and witty remarks kind of
fell flat the actual fun part of the
movie was the visual effects and the
little miniature him running around like
a full tiny man and a little fight and
the train set toys and and all that
although there was a lot lots of
inventiveness ingenuity cleverness it
felt like kind of a Pixar II movie um
and then the plot was pretty pretty
standard fare
I see the plot is one of the things I
like the most about it which I went into
this movie not giving a shit about
ant-man not excited about man man the
only interest I had was the Edgar Wright
connection I was like oh I'm curious
what you know I have a feeling that most
of what's left of the plot was his idea
because it's a little more clever than a
typical like Marvel yes man to writer so
that's unfortunate
Marvel told that go right he was Edgar
wrong but yeah I saw the trailer and in
the trailer you see evil ant-man suit
and so I was thinking especially during
the first part of the movie is like well
first of all the villain is the most
ham-fisted and boring villain ever but I
saw the trailer and it's like okay it's
gonna be like the Iron Man thing again
or it's at the end he has to fight evil
Ant Man but the movie isn't I mean
that's a part of the movie but it's not
really about that it's more of a heist
movie it subverts the typical you know
we have to save the city or we have to
hit save the world like there's an
element of that but it's not about the
big battle at the end that's just a
portion of the movie and thankfully that
n battle at the end is actually really
creative and fun it's usually the worst
part of these movies but I really
enjoyed that because they they treated
it with a lot of levity which you should
do with a movie about a man that shrinks
and controls ants
yes the the heist stuff was fun the the
little plot with the father/daughter
relationship
paralleling with Mike Michael let's say
Michael Keaton what's his name Michael
Douglas Michael Douglas and his daughter
and this is a little ham-fisted little
plot II a little movie but that's what
it is it's a movie and yeah the bad guy
like they didn't take it too seriously
and then they addressed like you know
why don't you just get the fucking
Avengers just to smash this building
into a Mariah he's has been that so they
they bring that up or people always
bring that up with every solo movie now
or it's like why don't they bring the
Avengers in because if they did and
there wouldn't be a movie right you just
kind of have to accept that you have to
accept that Nate a logical reason why
they shouldn't made sense and then the
fun little cameo from Captain America's
best friend Falcon the Falcon I don't
forget his name uh oh yeah is that the
stuff Edgar Wright didn't one the movie
like I'm assuming that the more
connection yeah he had kind of his idea
of what the movie should be and uh
saying not gonna have them now
now this suit has power
you have to learn how to control it
that's our motivation Paul Rudd and they
want to stop crazy businessmen from
selling a bunch of Yellow Jacket suits
to Hydra and then they'll use them to
take over the world yeah not just stop
him but they want to sneak into the
facility and steal it because he in the
past is very competent thief yeah I'm
speaking on a big term that's sure but
what I like to like about this is the
details of it's not just we need to
break in and stop him it's like they
actually have a plan yeah it's a little
more clever it reminded me a lot of The
Rocketeer
Timothy Dalton's movie star character
who was a secret Nazi and then they had
the Nazi film reels of all the
rocketeers like taking over the world
with their rocket yeah it had a bit of
an 80s feel to it where it wasn't taking
itself too seriously it was embracing
the fantastical elements which a lot of
the modern marvel movies are more like
trying to keep them grounded but still
have fun with it this one didn't seem to
care about being realistic at all which
I appreciated
and you had mentioned some of the
relationship stuff feeling a little
forced I agree and especially like right
in the middle of the movie they're like
let's get all of her character arcs out
of the way in like these three scenes
one after the other and it's like why
haven't you ever told me why mom died
and then so Michael Douglas just says
here's why your mom died and she says
why didn't you tell me that and I was
thinking the same thing why did he never
tell her before because it creates a
dramatic scene in the movie I guess well
it's like I don't know it's like baking
a cake the movies a cake you have to
have the flour and the salt and sugar
and sure but I wish it all felt a little
more organic and not just we got to put
this scene in here now I guess that's
what it was it was a cake that you eat
and it needed all the ingredients of a
cake there's different levels of
tastiness of cakes that's true that's
true as like a like a slightly above mid
tier cake I don't know
did they ever explain why he wore a
helmet something about you keep you from
going crazy yeah to keep your your
molecules in place so you don't turn
into a crazy man like the bad guy who is
a crazy man before he wears the suit so
that doesn't really make more sense
see when I saw the helmet and Paul Rudd
has to go to open it up I thought and
I gave the movie too much credit I
thought he needed to use it to breathe
because there's an episode of Star Trek
Deep Space 9 where they discover a
anomaly in space that will if you pass
through it it'll shrink down your
molecules and chief O'Brien
lieutenant Jadzia Dax and dr. Julian
Bashir get into a little tiny
shuttlecraft well it's not tiny then
it's a regular size it's a runabout and
they pass through the thing and they
shrink and they shrink to about this big
and they fly around inside the Defiant
it's really it's a really great episode
it's pointless but they're like we got
to get out of the ship and and fix
something and then the doctors like no
no you can't because when you breathe
outside of the ship the MA the oxygen
molecules are too large for your blood
to assimilate them so you'll suffocate
to death so I thought and you wanted
that kind of science and ant-man hey did
you know mommy can I keep her as
directed by Fred ole and Ray who did
alienate her there's a scene it's
actually done twice in the movie where
there's a little montage of Michael Pena
painted explaining this the the
backstory of this heist that he's
leading up to and it's like a he's
explaining it but we're seeing
flashbacks where the characters are
talking but it's his voice coming out of
them and it's like whoosh
shop
like one of those cheapo romantic
comedies that they dumped into theaters
every February and it's a little
unfortunate like the action scenes when
they just turn all the footage over to
the CGI artists and they make the camera
whip around and they make it all fun is
a very sharp contrast from the look of
the rest of the movie you try to hide
your suit from me now it's gonna blow up
in your face
and destroy everyone you care about
I like the ant-man costume out here
Michael Douglas was a little blah and
it's yes I'd like to see Michael Douglas
again I can't realize that I saw him in
something and the production design the
the the laboratory stuff was cool
but I didn't like Michael Douglas's
house it looked like the Brumder mansion
yeah it just went into the Brumder
mansion and filmed like they went into
like a grandma's house yeah and it was
so so small and I thought he should have
had a more vast estates later it it
seemed like he should have been more
wealthy and have a bigger house and a
much more cool-looking secret lair
laboratory type thing but I think that
kind of played into the then the one
thing I did like about the movie was the
the underdog
kind of element like Oh Paul Rudd's the
underdog his life keeps shitting on him
and he nobody likes him I think that's
why it reminded me of an 80s movie too
is like those classic tropes of write
down on his luck guy he at one point he
has a job at Baskin Robbins he gets
fired from and his bosses Neil hamburger
Neil hamburger and ironically the kid
wants to order a hamburger at the
ice-cream place I don't know if that was
intentional or not but it was great
Neil hamburger is great yeah there's
only one little C it is great yeah and
the underdog element and then I guess
Michael Douglas is kind of the underdog
of his realm um well yeah I like that
the movie was just as much about the
Michael Douglas character as it was Paul
Rudd's get out of here
did you think you could stop the future
we are just a thing
Manman I know wasn't my idea so
apparently this movie ant-man was the
lowest box office opening for Marvel
movies since the Hulk which I assume was
the last Hulk this the Edward Norton
Hulk the second Hulk I don't know but
yeah which isn't shocking to me I don't
think it's like I I'm I'm anxiously
awaiting that that first crack in the
armor that first sign that this this I
don't know why wait for this but this
whole cinematic universe Empire will
just collapse in under its own light
it's certainly monetarily it wasn't
Avengers 2 but for me creatively it was
Avengers 2 or it's like I can see what's
coming yeah I'm you know like going into
the theater I didn't really want to see
this movie if we didn't do a internet
movie review show what did we do what if
we weren't VCR repair men posing as
videogame repairman's I wouldn't have
probably even wanted to see this but
after I saw it I enjoyed it well enough
but and it wasn't like like you said
overly obnoxious with like the the bad
guy and all the stuff it was clever and
fun and it was a good movie but I can
see how it can this this stuff's gonna
start to wear on people maybe I don't
know yeah it
I think I'm overestimating people I
think the Parliament did enough
different where it kept it feeling more
fresh then yeah if this was a Thor 3 or
something like that like I liked the
ant-man character both him both Paul
Rudd and Michael Douglas
I liked the heist elements that brought
a different angle to it so it did enough
like maybe some life support these
Marvel movies as far as creativity I
wouldn't say life support but well not
yet but if this feels like alright we're
gonna try something different and you
know as long as they keep sprinkling
like a guardians of the galaxy or movie
like this in like I think they're gonna
they're gonna you know last quite a bit
longer they have to they have to keep
almost reinventing themselves and that's
that's a risky thing to do when the
formula works so well they'll have to
take a real big hit in order to to kind
of go okay we got a Reese tragedies this
but this is the
thing that's annoying to me slightly is
the is kind of the arrogance and well
we're making you know this movie and for
sequels are planned and it's like I know
they got a plan all the shit out they
got to get all these actors in line they
got to get all their schedules they got
to get all this stuff but to say like
ant-man 2 & 3 are already in production
guardians of the galaxy 2 3 4 5 & 6 are
already it's like well yeah when I first
heard about like shortly after Ironman
because that's the movie that kind of
kicked us all off when they were first
starting to talk about you know having
this Cinematic Universe and connecting
all these movies it's like that's
ambitious and creative and kind of
interesting but now it feels like
overkill or like they're over stretching
or it's it's more like it feels more
core pretty like Leslie like where it's
not really about you know making
creative fun movies so much is like
sustaining a brand you know it's but it
is also about making creative fun movies
because that's a branch of their their
strategy it's like they're hiring the
most creative smart talented people in
the business to make creative smart
movies yeah yeah but then you're looking
like an Edgar Wright or it's like you're
being too creative and you won't follow
these specific guidelines so you got to
go they have their they have their plan
yeah
and you know it could blow up in their
face or it could just be super
successful like Star Wars obviously
they're planning the next two and then a
bunch of spin-offs and and it's almost
like movies like this with these
recognizable brands and these these
cinematic universes are almost
guaranteed to make their money so I
think at this point plus like you have
to take into account the worldwide box
office now - well that's more important
than the u.s. box office exactly so it's
like that in the past you know 20 30
years ago wasn't a big thing but now it
is now everyone's connected everyone
there's digital copies of movies you
know send prints around movies could be
everywhere all over the world at once
and you could just make a shit ton of
money and I think they go well this is
going to cost what 200 million to make
but they just laugh yeah they crap in
their pants while they laugh because
they know they're gonna make that in a
week
some something's got to give as long as
they're fun like I mean it's it's
tolerable but then you have something
like the Terminator Genisys which was
just a giant piece of shit it bombed in
the US but worldwide it made money and I
think they're actually going forward
with the sequel to it there and it's
horrible there are two sequels plan oh
my god there are there's a third a
second and a third and and that's the
thing is like a movie like that was not
well-received I don't know how much
money it made but put it over in China
and you're up and boom you know it costs
a penny to make you know makes a dollar
relatively speaking here so I don't know
it's it's interesting it's an
interesting time that we're in with
movies things have definitely changed
yes and the little movie like ant-man
I'm glad it's nice that Marvel is trying
they they seem to be they seem to have a
good business model with producing these
movies yeah it's weird though to talk
about movies and like the neon going to
see a movie for fun and then talking to
having to talk about the business model
of the whole thing as opposed to just
watching an entertaining movie it's a
different thing than like like a movies
are an art form but it's a little
different than like a musician or you
know a writer or something like that it
is a big collection of talented people
making something whether it's on the
business financial end whether it's the
computer animators the actors director
writers creative people it's a big group
and you know the the era of the singular
vision director I think is done as far
as big movies go it's in the grave Jay
is definitely as far as Marvel movies
you bring in someone like Edgar Wright
who has a vision and then they say nope
yeah you have to bring in someone that
will do what you say I do think this is
the best possible movie ant-man is the
best possible way they could have
followed up Avengers 2 with mmm because
it's it's
shorts it's lean it moves fast it has a
very simple story and it's almost like
back to basics after yes all the shit
that was at Avengers 2 yeah that's a
good point it's like that's kind of why
I was not wanting to watch this a little
fatigued even Iron Man 3 which was a
good movie was a little too like
effects-heavy in the end like all this
Iron Man's flying out there I don't know
was happening anymore and I didn't want
to see a movie like that yeah that's why
ant-man was was funner because it was
scaled back no pun intended
so Jay would recommend ant-man I would I
wasn't too excited about the movie but I
found it entertaining for what it was I
I think I would also recommend it I like
you was not very interested in ant-man
but it was fun
Paul Rudd wasn't as witty and I wasn't
as funny as I was hoping but it still
had humor and a lot of cool miniature
action also one quick thing while I was
watching it I thought about the fact
that we were not watching it 3d and this
was a movie I thought might be fun in 3d
hmm because he's going he's in the
bathtub and he's tiny and there's water
on there he's going through the tubes
and and I was like this this would be a
good movie to see him through thee so I
norm I normally I would never ever say
that but because it was almost like all
these like miniature toys from like yeah
the perspective the angles they used for
when he was small yeah we're good yeah
there's a part where he runs through a
party and people are dancing yeah
there's a shoes stepping around him and
stuff and I was like this would be neat
to see in 3d so check it out
well it's 9 o'clock it's time to close
up shop
yep another day wasted another dollar
earned hey wait a minute we've been
watching this video game repair shop for
months now we haven't gotten paid yeah
those fuckers are taking advantage of us
I hope they fucking die well that's a
little harsh be careful what you wish
for J wish for what that you fuckin die
he means diets we hope that you diets
yeah I'm looking at you jack you fat
motherfucker I hope you die yet well
we're back from our game convention yeah
we're gonna go see pixels I guess you
guys could come with if you wanted fuck
no oh God
oh um I got this okay yeah we'll go see
pixels with you guys I love Adam Sandler
films but on the way there can we stop
by the bank you know so you guys could
pay us for all the shifts that we've
worked for you yeah yeah yeah yeah and
let's go see pixels we would love to pay
you might and he say that like a
question I don't know it's very
suspicious I don't think they have any
intention to pay us but let's go watch
pixels starring Adam Sandler and Friends
there's nothing I can think of that I
would love to do less
