Apr 21, 2015
Unfriended and Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVwnOM1Dook
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/590726514544640001
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152848699357634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-unfriended-and-paul-blart-mall-cop-2

Half in the bag.
Hey, don't you got anything better to do?
oh no we're about to hit the Chicago
Bears Tower whoa it looks like we didn't
hey J let's talk about two new movies
hello and welcome to half in the bag I'm
Jay and I'm Paul blur and we just saw
two horror movies
unfriended is a new Skype and Facebook
themed horror movie not to be confused
with the recent Twitter themed horror
movie it follows in unfriended five or
six teens all meet on skype to be
horrible people on the anniversary of
their friend's suicide a suicide they
caused by cyberbullying her after they
posted a video of her shitting herself
while drunk come on people we've all
been there eventually through computer
hijinks every character dies Oh spoilers
Mike what did you think of unfriended
what well J I can honestly say that
unfriended was the very best horror film
set on Facebook and Skype that I've ever
seen I I would have to agree with that
yeah it was better than I thought it was
it was complete shit
and it was better than I thought I
wouldn't say it's complete shit what I
would say is I really wanted to see this
movie because the trailer was a comedic
masterpiece I laughed so loud the first
time I saw the trailer for it it was
like perfect
like fat guys hand in the blender it's
the type of dumb gimmicky horror movie
where it's like this is gonna be dated
in six months you know and everything
about this this is gonna live on to be
one of the classics yeah oh sure
yeah um but yeah I actually got to give
the movie quite a bit of credit uh the
whole I mean it's obviously very
gimmicky the whole premise is a gimmick
it's a sort of a twist on found footage
in a way but it all felt like usually
when they do this type of stuff in
movies it always feels really phony like
this felt like the way it was bouncing
back and forth between like Facebook and
Skype and all those things like cuz it's
all if anyone doesn't know the whole
movie is on a laptop screen um and the
whole movie and it felt very natural and
real as far as that element goes and the
way it was sort of delivering exposition
via you know you
videos and you know news websites and
stuff like that
so a different way of telling a story
that I thought actually kind of worked
we didn't cause a story well that's the
problem is that it is a horror movie and
it's not scary at all in the least well
okay I'm gonna give credit where
credit's due
definitely I I didn't I didn't
absolutely hate this movie I didn't
think was complete shit but you're
you're right
it gets the technical stuff really
really spot-on and it should because the
whole movies on a fucking computer
it really needed to get that and what
what was impressive was that I'm
assuming they spent 75 percent of their
budget getting the licensing for Google
YouTube and Facebook and a lot of movies
don't bother with that they have their
imitation like fake sites my favorite
example that is from the the classic
film old man Walter Boden 65 hangs south
after killing spree even included his
wife
outside
and I'm assuming that that was a big
push by their producers was that the
smart this movies marketed towards teens
we want it to feel real to them we want
it to look exactly like their Facebook
looks we want it to look exactly like
their Mac laptops look and all that if
it doesn't it's not going to play you
know and that's true and and all that
felt fine
you know you could tell parts they're
speeding up typing for the you know
compressing time and I but like then the
glitches were added for for scary
effects here and there but really like
overall really good representation of
what a computer laptop looks like and
that's what we've come to in movies
today yeah well in and also like as a
storytelling device the way like a
character will be typing a message to
the main character laptop starting to
type a message and then like delete it
and then type something different or
it's like you can set it tell it's the
way in the movie is expressing her like
apprehension of divulging information
like I thought that was interesting
yeah unfortunately it's at the service
of this really generic was basically a
slasher movie I mean it held the tropes
in there and the virginal teen and you
know it turns it twist at the end and
you know there's a fat guy character it
it kind of was playing on the cliches a
little but really obvious who it was
marketed for although the film was
inexplicably rated R and there are teens
in front of us in line who couldn't get
in there like you have to have a parent
yeah there's nothing in this to warrant
in our rating just language and violence
which I don't know like a what if you
wanted to not number a single f-word or
a single oh there was swearing yeah
there's right I remember any swearing
they're calling each other like Oh
sucking well this yeah she said bitch
and a couple of but nothing that
couldn't be trimmed or fixed yeah and I
would say this movie would play better
to a young girl like a seventeen sixteen
years no place for the senior citizen
demographic one of the problems for me
was the the logic and the rules it was
like okay here the story is there's the
main girl her friend her name is what's
the name it said it am Elora Barnes
Laura pond
I should remember this it doesn't matter
it's on the screen a million times Laura
barns and she's like a normal looking
girl she seems like one of their friends
it doesn't seem like she would be the
typical victim of the cyber bully thing
and it's not really that it's more like
she passed out and pooped herself yes
and then they post a video about it and
it's like why did her friends do this to
her
yeah there's no real reason why and then
they kind of allude to it very briefly
they show a video YouTube video of her
where she's like holding up pictures
with words on him it's like fuck all you
guys and yeah so there's no almost zero
backstory about why this Laura barns
girl is is targeted by her friends to be
such such a malicious thing other than
the fact that our six five or six main
characters are just really fucking awful
people yes I think that's it but Laura
Barnes is also fucking awful because
she's she seems kind of nasty she's well
she's getting her revenge by making them
stick their hands on blenders right and
so here comes Laura Barnes it's a year
after her she shoots herself on the
playground with a gun and she's gonna
haunt them on skype and apparently she
has unlimited powers unlimited powers to
do anything with computers
the scariest thing she can do is she can
make the the reply button in Gmail or
the forward button it just disappeared
guys where's my forward button Oh No
spooky I am going to make your forward
button disappear I'm going to make you
not to be able to close up this tab whew
where's lon chaney when you need them
where's Bela Lugosi
you'll can't force quit to your programs
and it's like okay the real scary part
is that their dead friend is haunting
them the the Skype and Facebook shit is
just a vehicle yeah but to me it wasn't
scary that their dead friend who's
haunting them because it's just like hi
I'm your dead friend I can do whatever I
want
yeah now if it were say a demonic entity
impersonating their friend who he
realized we don't
maybe it was but then like at the end
the the the ghost of Laura comes out and
goes it's that's just someone
impersonating me I'm really sighs you
guys I'm really a good goes but it was
it was just all-around miserable there
was no goodness yeah in the movie there
was no heart it was just six miserable
awful kids did something awful and
miserable to a miserable awful girl and
she turned into a Skype ghost and killed
them yes they could have gone the easy
route right they could have taken like
the weird shy ugly fat girl whatever
sorry cyberbullying you know victims
whatever and she you know really homely
I'll say I use the word homely a picked
on all alone turns psycho from like
abuse like a carry like it carry they
could have set it up and then she kills
herself and then the kids go on the
computer and then she shows up instead
it's like this this is almost zero
backstory and and just all around kind
of despicable I just try to hang up on
him this person I don't know was here
the whole time
it's just probably a glitch oh well the
glitch just typed who is doing this this
is Laura's account who would hack into a
dead girl's account it's interesting
though because this is this is a stark
comparison to it follows which was
technology less yeah and and except for
the weird clamshell thing except for the
time shell reader but much more
effective well it's yeah it's a prime
example of why most of these
found-footage movies just aren't very
good they just feel like junk like like
it follows really really well-crafted
like there's craftsmanship and the
building of tension and making these
scenes scary with the filmmaking and
something like unfriended it's just you
know it's essentially a found footage
movie just people screaming I was only
scared at how slow the clock was moving
when I was watching this film so only
thing that scared me
yeah 80 what is this 82 minutes it feels
like twice that
which can be said for both of our films
today but they carried it for 82 minutes
with just a computer screen I mean I
don't know I guess that should give some
kind of gold star right they get an A
for effort
they do get an A for effort so Jay would
you recommend corn children of the corn
six the internet age what I don't know
what is this movie come are you even
awake right now you're like falling
asleep I talk it's fine what what does
it movie called despicable me despicable
characters was this an Adam Sandler film
Adam Sandler produces this I want to see
happy madison's start to make horror
movies with like the same day they
already do oh hey uh what was this movie
called unfriended cuz they unfriended
Laura Palmer and then she said I'm gonna
get you I'm gonna get you I'm sending a
midget that talks backwards after you
sorry little person hashtag midget
shaming it's not very good film for
Facebook that's true that makes me
scared a Facebook because there might be
a ghost on it they did have very early
on in the credits I saw they had a thing
saying this is a work of fiction and
doesn't represent any reality or
whatever like that's usually at the very
end of the credits but it was it got its
own title screen because some girl named
Laura Barnes is gonna get fuckin a cyber
bullied to death
well you Lauren from the boovie do you
think they did any research to make sure
there wasn't a Laura Barnes on Facebook
and that's why they picked that name
probably not so you're saying these
filmmakers are irresponsible huh
filmmakers so like would you recommend
unfriended uh-uh
no they should have made a horror movie
on MySpace
it'll be called ghost town scene that's
pretty good that's pretty good pretty
good gonna be fun
Kevin James continues to astonish
audiences in his new film paul blart
ball blarp - and no it's not as comedic
skills or his writing it's his ability
to continue to be the most shameless
embarrassing sellout who's ever lived in
paul blart mall park - we learned that
sony has their own Apple iWatch we also
learned that the Wynn resort in Las
Vegas has a great-looking pool area nice
restaurants a very helpful staff and a
fantastic looking stage show called La
Reve they also have a world-class art
collection that no one seems to care
much about that criminals can easily
steal with cheap plastic gadgets from
sharper image
oh yeah and paul blart falls down a lot
and is 45 year-old hairdresser daughter
gets kidnapped by the guy from Star Trek
first contact the film carries on in the
Adam Sandler tradition of social class
mocking homophobia racism and stupidity
but in a much more PG manner Jay what
did you think of Paul Barr mara blarp
blarp blarp what what is the opposite of
art paul blart okay yeah art isn't in
the name though which is unfortunate
Paul bula arts bull arts if those three
letters of the alphabet could kill
themselves paul blart mall blah blah is
terrible that goes without saying
it wasn't the worst thing I've ever seen
it has a zero percent on Rotten Tomatoes
and I think that's more because of
indifference than anything oh yeah okay
someone wrote a script like just as to
get the plot you know taken care of and
then they were gonna go back and add
jokes but no we went back and added
jokes and so you have like the the
bumbling fat guy idiot character that's
a staple of comedy but when you have him
in a movie where there are no jokes he's
like the most depressing human being
alive and it's just miserable to watch
yeah they're wearing there was only one
joke that I laughed
and at the end all the paul blart mall
cops show up like the bad guy and
there's like a an Indian stereotype who
is stupid and falls asleep and his
Indian so haha and he runs he shows up
and looks like he has a cape like he's
gonna be a superhero now it just came
from my haircuts yeah I left did you
actually have one time film I came
straight from a haircut when people ask
me why do you do it I like you didn't
choose security security goes me I do
wonder what the process is for coming up
with these movies at the Happy Madison
productions though like in Jack and Jill
there's that whole sequence was it like
a Carnival Cruise or what was it and
it's just an ad like that whole section
of the movie is just a commercial this
is a whole movie that's a commercial for
the Wynn resort and it makes me wonder
like do people approach happy Madison
like advertise our products advertise
you know we'll we'll you know pay to
promote our products and then they
decide to make a movie based around that
well this is the product placement come
first I'll say this Steve Wynn is not
hurting for money sure I think the
production company approached him and I
want to say cuz I looked up I read up on
this and he he was the first movie that
he's allowed someone to come and film on
so so I obviously it's like let's make
the Wynn resort look nice there's a lot
of beauty shots there's a lot of they
even give them a gratuitous cameo the
myself yeah so I don't think I don't
think that's the case but it did make it
was like look at the wind resort isn't
it great except for one negative scene
there it was all positive except for
when the craps dealer starts taking Paul
blarts money oh the the
the memorable scene where he plays craps
and he loses and that's the scene I
couldn't have predicted that that was
shocking
I had a comedic twist to it no but the
craps dealer is like give me this give
me this I'll put it here I'll put it
here like they don't do that yeah I'll
start taking your Montella you where to
place your bets by the way the wind
sucks I've been there before it sucks I
lost five dollars on one of your fucking
sucky slot machines but paul Blart gets
invited to the mall cop association
whatever some security get convention
yes yes out in Las Vegas and then he
goes there and that therein lies a new
Adam Sandler sub-genre a new Adam
Sandler hallmark which is now what I'm
going to call occupational shaming
occupation shaming hashtag occupation
shaming um because paul Blart has a
singular character a wacky bumbling mall
cop yeah that's okay
pretty basic cam that's acceptable sure
but to say that all people that work in
some sort of security that is not a
police officer are all like big fat
bumbling idiots that's true it's is
rather insulting they kept they showed
pictures of like the legends of either
mall security or bank security or
whatever like lowly occupation yeah and
they're all like well can we talk about
Kevin James cuz this is the first movie
I've seen with him what is the appeal to
people that like Kevin James you got me
cuz you can look at like like the
bumbling fat guy you have like Chris
Farley you know like he made some really
bad movies but you can still see in
those movies what people find funny
about him I have no idea what anyone
would find funny about Kevin James yeah
he's sort of like the no pun intended
the light version of the fat guy like
like Chris Farley there's a genuine
skill comedic skill there this house
you're like like funny fat guy Kraft yes
Kevin James is like the milky bland
version of that yeah it's like you put
someone's just some random person's dad
in a movie like it's just a guy like
there's nothing nothing to I mean he's
not like he's not like awful but he said
he's not terrible actor but he's not
funny at all no ever he doesn't even
seem like he's trying to be funny please
tell me Blart is taken care of
yeah you mean taking out your crew one
by one hmm that got real is there a
scene when he is trying to fit too much
luggage into the overhead compartment on
a plane and it's just falling no that's
weird that's really really weird that
they did include a scene like that and
then he sits down in the middle seat in
between like like a stuffy old lady and
some like likes to diga and he goes
sorry I'm fat no he just goes oh he has
to awkwardly carry luggage a little bit
and they don't do anything comedic with
that it just he has lots of luggage um
oh remember the fat black lady isn't she
funny someone kicked her in her big fat
gut and they bounced off her because
she's fat and fat people are impervious
to harm yes that's that's true like I
was hoping at some point that paul Blart
would stick his hand in a blender but it
never happened maybe Kevin James stuck
both hands in a blender before I wrote
the script it's an app because it's all
fucked up you get it that's a joke you
fat fuck
so here's the question is Kevin James
he's a part of the happy madison crowd
he worse and less interesting do you
call him conspirator conspirators okay
embezzler yeah conman con-rods
yeah I brought all those people are
basically did you know they're making a
sequel to geo dirt was David Spade I'm
not fucking surprised that's happening
we're going to do so Bigelow male gigolo
three items well that's that's my
question is Kevin James the the most
boring of these bad Adam
my friends is he worse than Rob
Schneider oh yeah
Rob Schneider at least can do other
characters Kevin James is just Kevin
James all the Adam Sandler guys at least
like like cut their teeth in comedy or
SNL yeah leading up to this I don't know
where Kevin James came from other than a
fat woman's vagina like I really don't
know like I knew he showed up on King of
Queens and he was in a movie called
hitch with Will Smith but that was sort
of after he was successful on King of
Queens he might have just been just some
guy who was on a TV show
I associate David Spade and Chris Kattan
and all those guys with the Adam Sandler
Money Train okay
I can't say I blame them oh we're sure
they're all doing voices in Hotel
Transylvania they're all doing voices in
this they all show up for one scene and
get a 10 million dollar paycheck we all
know it's an embezzlement scam right ah
but I can't blame them but Kevin James
is like starring these vehicles and and
well I don't know I hope this one tanks
so hard I don't think it is oh no it is
and well here's the thing too is like
the first paul blart blah blah was like
six years ago that's a long time
especially for a comedy sequel to come
out like they have that much time pass
and was the world clamoring for paul
blart mall cop adventures like I don't
think anybody made a fan reaction video
for paul blart mall cop - no they did
there were a lot of people looking
forward to this Oh monkey company missed
it
oh sweet mercy do ride no fans were not
clamoring for paul blart mall cop 2 but
mid-april was know have you ever seen a
movie that seemed to be shot and
executed so indifferently as polemic up
to know like I don't think I have it
yeah every like the writing the
directing the acting everything feels
like nobody cares or is even trying to
make a comedy film when you have a scene
right and you have like some kind of
exposition that has to happen in it
there like something funny should happen
because he in the scene paul Blart is
hiding behind stage and he there's
crates that the evil super genius who's
stealing hard heads down there he's like
oh can I pop these crates open you know
we find out the would smuggle artwork is
in there whatever and there's a guy
there and he's like okay but I'm gonna
eat my lunch oh yeah so he takes out
like a completely black rotten banana
and starts eating the rotten banana and
paul blart Slyke oh that doesn't look
good
oh don't eat that and always say this a
lot that's the joke yeah and there was
no appropriate setup or payoff no it was
just a guy eating a rotten banana yeah
and then that was it
it's just like it's like filler like
like shit like that happens like but at
least the part when paul Blart had to
slide across the floor to lap up drips
from a child's ice cream cone I'm sorry
this really it was moderately too mildly
set up to where paul Blart said he's
hypoglycemic
yes he needs some sugar and he fell over
well then I was confused at first
because he's running to do something and
then he just like passes out I was like
what happened I was like is he
narcoleptic did they set that up in the
first movie that he's narcoleptic and I
didn't know why he fell over but then
they see the ice cream he starts lab
there and was like
that's already mentioned earlier they
didn't need sugar but the execution of
it was confusing to the point where I
didn't know what was happening but again
you're talking of the topic here is
sloppiness no one cares that's the setup
right and he goes under there and of
course some of the drips on his face you
know and then once it's Higgins tongue
it looks like a dog and then it's just
like okay then he just kind of gets up
and like moves out of the scene yeah I
was expecting like a almost like sort of
Popeye gag when Popeye Popeye was a very
old cartoon from the 1920s anyway so I
was expecting like a pop I think sure
like some sort of like he gets up and
we're awesome sort of animation or
something exciting happens and lighting
changes like ah i'm paul blart I got my
sugar I'm ready to go inside just like
get something walks out of the shot yes
cut the guy was eating the gross banana
and then he wasn't eating the gross
banana anymore and then move on to
another scene paul Blart is being chased
by a security guard man and then he runs
out into the wind signature stage show
oh yes which looks like a fantastic she
really does just movie a soul beyond
that you know where you can get tickets
to see that I'm sure you can go to win
resort calm right yes at the website it
looks fantastic it looks amazing wait to
see it I want to I want to go to their
restaurant that looks new it looks like
they have really great food there and
good service you don't even have to pay
you just run out of the scene but again
nothing funny happened except for paul
Blart grabbed onto a thing that raised
him up in the air and then he knocked
people over yeah it seemed to be that
the joke was just that he was on the
stage and that's the farthest they got
they put on those angels he put on
enjoying sand went on the stage and it's
funny that he's there it's funny that
he's there that's the joke and I'm sure
the cast and crew were laughing
hysterically when he walked out on the
set with the angel wings
such a great film Kevin James hahaha
under checks come in ha ha
so Mike would you recommend Paul bla bla
bla bla bla bla bla fuck no no J would
you recommend uh I think if you're if
you're interested in visiting the Wynn
resort this is a lovely commercial for
it it's a very very fine commercial they
got a casino they got a pool a wonderful
restaurant and apparently you can have a
big gang fight in the main hallway and
no one's around oh sure a lot of people
at the Wynn resort you know your casino
looks dumpy and shitty their
conventional space is pretty small your
your craps dealers are aggressive and
sucky and little kids drip ice cream
cone drips everywhere and no one cleans
it up yeah if paul blart wasn't there to
lap off that ice cream it were just gone
on the floor like what didn't what a
dump
yeah and apparently you could just walk
from from one hotel suite to the other
two because didn't that happen with the
kids oh that's the thing to that kid was
having a party at the hotel in a room
that wasn't occupied they allow that to
happen underage drinking in your hotel
like by your employees yep this movie
paints a pretty nasty picture of the
wind yeah not to think about it it's
kind of trashy yeah and I would never
stay there so Grill good job Steve win I
hope hope it was worth it I hope you're
happy Madison cheque was worth it I mean
your hotel is associated with paul blart
mall cop too
I mean I'm just saying you know might as
well filmed at the fucking Circus Circus
because it's a joke your hotels a
fucking joke and that show you have
looks like shits
