May 17, 2015
Mad Max: Fury Road
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KP-6ewtJcdk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/600018422622195712
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152901403632634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-mad-max-fury-road

Half in the bag.
Fuck movies.
lando calrissian
Nintendo on controller wife wife Oh
previously played video game repair shop
we put the gay in gaming how can I help
you you'd like your Pokemon machine
fixed now tell me why would a grown man
need a Pokemon machine you play it to
relieve stress how much stress can you
have living in your mom's basement
haha what which one am I the fat one of
the bald one I'm neither I'm their son
yeah that's right motherfucker you come
on down to the shop I'll show you where
to stick your Gameboy did you just say
you're their son what does that even
mean hey Jay why are you even answering
their phone we just snuck in while
they're out on their lunch break so I
could pick up some movies I left behind
Oh movies oh uh mom can I keep her 500
pounds of free fun black Spring Break
the movie that's a good one that's good
you've seen that one I don't kind of
know more stairs my uncle the alien also
a good one also a classic Oh in the road
warrior I guess hey speaking of
post-apocalyptic looking women crashing
cars have you seen the Bruce Jenner
interview what the fuck is wrong with
you that's not funny
then why'd you write it I didn't
in his voice left I am the one who runs
from both the living and the dead who'd
used to a single instinct survive
Tom Brady stars as Mad Max in the
director of happy feets new film Mad Max
fury road oh did I say Tom Brady
I meant Tom Hardy if it was Tom Brady
that road warrior wouldn't have enough
air in his tires in this new film Mad
Max sort of helps a bunch of women
escape from a white Darth Vader watch
this movie or you could watch paul blart
mall cop to watch something well Jay
what did you think of Mad Max fury road
uh well we're not even halfway through
2015 and I feel pretty confident in
saying that this will be my favorite
movie of the year
I loved pretty much everything about it
uh it's not supposed to work this way
George Miller is a grandpa he's 70 years
old and he's coming back to his series
that he's been away from for 30 years
it's the best Mad Max movie it's the
best action movie and I don't know how
many years a decade baby and it's my
favorite movie of the year
Wow I praise yes I I loved every second
of it uh yeah I I also felt the the
power of cinema yes not just in the
visuals but emotional connections the
the excitement of hey a chase sequence
means something yeah there's something
happening there there's a way to it both
physically and emotionally yeah yeah
there's some there's some there's some
nice moments there's connection and I
actually enjoyed the the costumes and
the the look of all the vehicles and and
the look of the Citadel and all that
stuff actually more than the action
sequences the action sequences were not
nauseating or anything like that but
they were a little like confusing at
times towards the end but really I mean
95% quality if if I had to say anything
negative about this but really like it's
a great movie George Miller you know
it's like he's standing in front of all
these like modern action movie directors
and being like guys you're fucking it up
like action has to means
I'll show you how it's done yeah it is
like back of my day you see my film babe
that I will say babe had better driving
sequences than this movie it had better
car chasing apart when babe is running
and jumps over the little fence now
fucking amazing I bet this is a movie
where they say squeal like a piggy
no that's deliverance that's oh look I
get those two confused so often well
babe the pig looks a lot like Ned Beatty
it's understandable just we're just
hitting home runs today seats I came
then
okay little backstory you're a big Mad
Max guy you love post-apocalyptic movies
yes I'm a real big fan of
pre-apocalyptic movies movies that take
place in modern day okay which is every
movie but I've seen Mad Max ghosts of
the Thunderdome
Mad Max ghost Thunderdome yeah for the
first half of the movie and then he
meets up with kids that's what it should
be that should be the full title for the
movie and I've seen that one numerous
times as a child but that was the one I
think everyone was like the Hollywood
Mad Max movie was the bigger one the
Tina Turner song listen
yeah two men enter one man leaves
yes that's what Tina Turner says as she
makes Mel Gibson fight a midget in a
clown suit that's all I remember
and and then he has sympathy on the
midget once he breaks the mask off no
it's not a midget
it's Master Blaster Master Blaster is
the midget blaster is his big muscle mom
and he's like like slower he turns out
to be mentally challenged is Ned Beatty
in Thunderdome because I remember them
collecting pigfarts
folks we're hitting the home runs like
no one's business I haven't seen the
other ones so my knowledge of this
series is limited and and is this is
this a complete Rhys crach remake and
their their continuity in these movies
George Miller doesn't seem to really
care that much about that they're all
pretty much standalone movies he has a
character in the second movie in the
road warrior that uh flies a little
plane I think they call like the
gyroplane yeah and then that same actor
shows up and Beyond Thunderdome
also fly in a plane but playing a
different character well George Miller
doesn't give any fucks about that kind
of stuff he just is making stories in
this universe with this character that's
sort of the vessel to enter this world
which is what max has been in aside from
the first movie that's a good revenge
story and he's the center of that but
the other movies he's sort of yeah the
character you follow along this this
larger story um because I'm asking that
because there's a little little tiny man
and you resemble the master-blaster
character was that supposed to be him or
just adding I think George Miller just
likes little people's like a George
Lucas really likes a little
people and he just thinks a little
deformed people make good for
post-apocalyptic world I suppose like
it's radiation because there's a one guy
with the big ugly legs
oh yeah it's big cankles javion king is
post-apocalyptic cankles yeah the main
bad guy in this movie Mad Max Beyond
cankles the bad guy in this movie whose
name is Joe is played by the same actor
that played the main villain in the
first movie but not playing the same
character is that the white Darth Vader
that's the white Darth Vader that guy's
so awesome looking he's great when you
can understand what he's saying they
made it so you could understand what Tom
Hardy was saying in this movie but not
the other character yeah it's the
opposite it's the flip of The Dark
Knight Rises right yeah yeah Bane meets
white Darth Vader meets Tom Hardy meets
Shinzon yes
oh what a day what a lovely day want to
get through this so uh okay well yeah
this is gonna be the shortest episode of
half in the bag ever it's the best movie
ever and everyone should see it that's
it no it does a good job of balancing
like cuz it's almost constant action I
mean the movies just constantly moving
forward it's just one long chasing and
it does a really great job of
incorporating lots of great characters
and character development through
visuals not through like clunky
expository dialogue like things don't
come to a standstill to learn about
these characters you you learn about
them through their actions and it's like
it's just it's so refreshing to see a
movie like this where like everything
matters and everything is paid attention
to yeah and they don't go that's that's
one thing that I like that they didn't
get into too much detail with it's like
he has all these weird flashbacks that
are happening and you know he's had some
kind of trouble past I don't know if
it's related to those movies it's pretty
much the first movie is all about man
yeah and gets his family killed and then
as a loner slash vengeance man yeah and
he used to be a cop he dedicated his
life to law and order now he's in a
world without any law or order okay see
that makes sense yeah my only gripe with
this is is that it is less Mad Max
centric than it is Charlize Theron more
it's more her story yeah as opposed to a
Mad Max movie well if you're like cuz
you haven't seen the other Mad Max
movies if you're less familiar with them
and I can see people seeing the you know
title the movies Mad Max they seem it's
gonna give off this character yeah oh I
like Tom Hardy yeah I'll go see that but
if you've seen the other movies it's
right in line with Beyond Thunderdome
and uh and the road warrior which like I
said he's more of a vessel to explore
this world and more of a vehicle no pun
intended
what do you do
you
how's the world fell
each of us in our own way was broken
it was hard to know who was more crazy
me
or everyone else
a lot of attention to detail and that's
that's what I like about especially the
road warrior and then this one too is
just the the look of the world the idea
that everything is made up of like found
items both the vehicles and their
costumes Charlize Theron I noticed her
robot arm has like a wrench on it and
just like the the way everything is
found objects and the way they put stuff
together the cab of her car has all
these hidden guns and knives and there's
there's an altar the the war boys like
they go to this altar made up of
steering wheels like all these great
details like it's this completely lived
in universe as a man who loves
post-apocalyptic movies how did you feel
about spoilers
what essentially is a happy ending uh
well it's it's a happy ending in a world
that is still a post-apocalyptic world
so it I'm I was fine with the ending of
the movie you know you don't want
everything to just be miserable in a
movie like this it's about hope it's
about kind of overtaking these these
oppressive evil people is it so there
are the other ones like that George
Miller has a little soft heart there
well no this one they're they're smaller
and scale than this one this one is
definitely has more heart and emotion
behind it than the other films do which
I was fine with because I like the story
so I thought it worked splendidly yeah I
I enjoyed that element of it and and my
particular mood at the moment was I
don't I don't want everyone just to die
and some sort of miserable ending I like
a happy ending
well it has to feel earned and the
certainly feel earned sort of because
the the beginning is is brutal yeah it's
it's brutal
he's he's a prisoner awful things happen
to him they strap him to the front of
car he survives this horrible action
scene and then we're asked to believe
that that Gramma's can also survive
these kind of situations and then then
it became a little hokey
well the whole movie is over-the-top I
mean it's ridiculous to begin when I'm
looking at this with a microscope
okay like finding little cracks face up
on the on the beautiful painting canvas
okay but really like sort us I was like
but you know overall the story and the
characters and really everything that
you're asked to to invest and then
follow along with and believe all works
perfectly and and in and it is a little
uh I wouldn't say tongue-in-cheek but a
little fun at times you know there's the
scene where there's a just the whole
world like um it's it's just like there
there's a loaded old like car with tank
treads on it there's like a guy playing
like electric guitar like on these like
bungee cords like yeah ladies on a
truck with shakers yes strapped to it
with this guitar that also shoots flames
out like which is equivalent completely
impractical in a world that has a
limited supply of gasoline and and
resources well you know it's like a
fairy tale that's right like I mean
that's why the the ending worked for me
is that this feels like a fairy yeah
retaking the kingdom from the evil King
it's like a fairy tale retold in
post-apocalyptic environment but yeah
all that stuff's great
you
let's talk politics okay presidential
election 2016 a year I talk about the
politics of this movie now men are upset
that vagina ladies are taking over
actually saw that apparently George
Miller consulted the writer of The
Vagina Monologues yet well people are
blowing that way out of proportion he
brought her on to consult the the wives
so they understand what it's like to be
like a sex slave basically but she
wasn't like a consultant on the script
or anything well the sex slaves look
like Victoria's Secret models and that's
point though like they're supposed to be
these these perfect specimens in a world
full of people with like horrible tumors
and uh missing teeth or no eyeballs well
just the way they're dressed if you were
an evil monster and had sex slaves
that's how you address them guess they
couldn't change their clothes unless
they snuck out or they snuck out right
away
that's a hyper that's right it's people
reading and just stuff way too much yeah
well this movie I read a lot about it
beforehand that it was using mostly
practical effects lots of actual stunts
lots of cars crashing into other cars
flipping over and there is a lot of that
some some digital stuff later on that I
thought was slightly distracting mainly
during during the final chase scene
where the characters are like running
along the tops of their vehicles and
stuff some parts there that were a
little questionable
I don't remember it's it's minor now
remember some of the flame spurts
looking like they were added in post I I
don't think they were though suppose I
mean I guess that's a sign when you
can't tell the difference between you
know what's phony and what's not but
still I mean I know they have the
there's parts where the guys are on
there they're vaulting from one car to
another and like that was all real you
know the whole time you were talking I
kept thinking is there a porno parody of
the road warrior called the road head
warrior I don't know let's ask the
Internet I'm sure there is but let's
find out
peep the answer is
so Jay I think I know the answer to this
but would you recommend Mad Max furry
Road no oh the movie where people in
furry costumes all travel down a
post-apocalyptic Highway maybe that'll
be the porn parody of this Mad Max movie
furry porn look see
is there Mad Max furry porn so is there
furry
post-apocalyptic erotic fan fiction or
pornos
internet button go
yes I would absolutely recommend this
movie it's it's the best movie that I'm
certain I'm going to see all year one of
my favorite movies probably the last
five years it might be my favorite if it
wasn't for the fact that under the skin
and blue ruin exist but really really
entertaining you can tell there's a lot
of passion put into the movie a lot of
hearts a lot of practical stunt work all
these things and I think we used to take
for granted that had been taken away
from us in the last couple decades and I
hope that this movie inspires a new
generation of Italian heck filmmakers to
rip it off well said
I agree would recommend this 100%
wholeheartedly solid to our running time
not in that long it felt it's like it
was like an hour the thing just flew by
exactly two hours it didn't it wasn't
two hours and 40 minutes positives no
nauseating long pointless action scenes
long action scenes but not pointless or
nauseating yes
quality likeable characters heart that
makes you feel like you're invested in
what you're seeing yes not it's not a
Transformers or mana steel noise noise
factory you feel part of the movie you
feel like you're in the world yeah well
even something like we've given positive
reviews to like you know the Avengers
and stuff like that but there's still
that that separation you're like just
watching a superhero movie but this is
the first time in a long time I remember
being this sort of engaged in the action
of what was happening yeah the wall is
down I have not felt like immersed in a
movie or like I was in the movies world
where I felt the stakes and and the
tension the emotions and everything
since I don't know Hollywood homicide
with Harrison Ford and Josh Hartnett
okay what's your name
so like now that you've watched and
enjoyed Mad Max fury roads do you want
to watch the original Mad Max it's
probably old and boring we should
probably get out of here before they
come back yeah yeah there's nothing else
that you need here no just my movies
well I think I'm gonna take a little
souvenir something I've had my eye on
ever since we came in here the little
pig riding a Twinkie all right let's go
now
