Dec 20, 2015
Star Wars: The Force Awakens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AvsiJppCdmk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/678564190085373952
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-star-wars-the-force-awakens

Half in the bag.
Fuck movies.
oh that's it we put the VCR back together
alright well J years of anticipation
have finally led to this moment that's
right Mike I can't wait to finally watch
Star Wars The Force awakens so I can say
it was pretty good and then forget about
it in a day
me too J me too hello Harry oh hello
ma'am we uh Harry's not home right now
we don't know where he won actually are
you his new best friend Chris why yes I
am
Kristopher Kringle I live on the other
side of the mountain well we were just
sitting down to watch Star Wars The
Force awakens the new JJ Abrams film do
you want to join us
I've already seen it it sucked but I'd
be delighted to watch it again okay okay
Mike I think that's Santa Claus it says
Santa Claus I think it really is it
really is you're my whole life to meet
Santa Claus oh he seems like a little
bit of a pretentious asshole well uh you
ready sir to watch Star Wars The Force
awakens here we go
is this in pan and scan why it's in
letterbox No so where they put the black
bars on the top and the bottom I don't
like that why do they cut off half the
picture they can save 25% on film stock
that way I don't think you know you're
talking about euros on both sides oh no
this is the wrong Star Wars movies
Wow is well that bed was right that was
Star Wars movie that was the Star Wars
movie we just saw Star Wars The Force
awakens god we've been watching it for
so long it feels like it's literally
four o'clock in the morning I bet you
there are some people out there who
could only purchase tickets with decent
seating at 1:15 in the morning thus
getting out around 3:45 and perhaps
filming a discussion about the their
Star Wars viewing experience literally
at 4 o'clock in the morning and to those
brave souls
I say Cheers Star Wars The Force awakens
is the new Star Wars you know what this
is and we saw it Mike what did you think
of Star Wars The Force awakens well I
loved it there was everything I hoped it
would be well I will say this because
you also loved Jurassic world and this
movie functions basically the same as
Jurassic world's where it's a semi
remake soft reboot a soft reboot slash
remake that's meant to start up a new
franchise or start up a new series of
films I did not like the Jurassic world
I thought it was too similar and just
felt like hollow and phony with bullshit
annoying boring characters I also really
really liked the force awakens it worked
in all the ways that Jurassic world did
not okay it was everything I was
expecting it to be which was it was ok
I'm not in love with it I didn't hate it
it's a competent movie and really after
the prequels as far as Star Wars fans
are concerned that's all it had to be it
had to be competent
well that's good it's a very competent
movie yeah it had a very specific set of
goals it needed to to obtain and I think
it did that I actually liked it more
than that because that's kind of what I
was expecting it to be too um and I
liked it a lot more it didn't feel like
my biggest concern is that it would feel
like a just sort of like a calculated
like very colds like we are gonna do
everything we can to recreate the
feeling that you had and when you saw
the original Star Wars it just felt like
a solid Star Wars sequel a better a
better Star Wars sequel and Return of
the Jedi I would say at least our
returning characters have roles that
impact the story on solos back and he
has things to do it it felt like a Star
Wars movie though that took place in a
retirement home why we have such new
energetic characters as a dinner
I know but whatever what guy sorry
Phoenician ray I was listening all the
fucking news energetic characters yeah
you had the new but it's just the old
feels so old right now I like that I
like the the because there's so much of
like it's true all of it and they're
talking about these old adventures in
the past sand and Harrison Ford looks
like he gives a shit Harrison Ford was a
lot of fun in this movie for the first
time in 30 years yeah that's what I kind
of forgot that that movies had was a
little bit of a sense of humor yeah and
they're like when the early adventures
in the film Poe and Finn running around
the Star Destroyer and these characters
to not just like oh these are the
characters I like doing something I'm
enjoying its new characters that you
like doing some new characters that are
likable right off the bat yes I wish poe
dameron was around for more of the movie
just wait I'm sure he'll get his own
spin-off film that's fine he'll be in
the sequence he was plucky and and kind
of funny and even when he's captured
like you know there's the the park kylo
ren's like he's captured him and he's
like like who so starts first you or me
and I'm like yeah that's that's what I
like I like that scrappy characters yes
there are stories about what happened
strong
Oh
we're talking about the young and the
new and the old does that both yes and
what this has over the prequels is just
get to it you just want to talk about
how our carrie fisher's face doesn't
move either that's true but i was an
article by plastic surgery she hasn't
had plastic surgery she's just done lots
and lots of drugs
c-3po has more expression in his face
his mouth moves more hey I would say
won't let you back to whatever you were
trying to that's what we got to make fun
of Carrie Fisher for a bit
I love Carrie Fisher first I'm glad
she's a classy she's been my favorite
part of the Star Wars media blitz has
just seen her back in the public eye
she's great it shows that she's still a
solid actress because she comes across
like a normal human being in this movie
which he doesn't in real life but that's
why I love her so she'd just find in
this movie that Carrie Fisher yeah do
you remember everybody needed general
when we were together you were a general
I was it's like when I saw the prequels
everyone after Phantom Menace sucked was
like well attacking a clones they'll be
better at the second one and I was the
only one thinking but these characters
are all shit there's nothing they can do
with this here we have good characters
that you can do fun things with and I'm
excited to see these characters again
and this as we were saying this is a
soft reboots I think everybody at this
point is saying it's a new hope it's
just like a new hope and it isn't a lot
of ways but it's also there are lots of
similar there are lots of similarities
which we'll probably get into more when
we talk about spoilers but like Star
Wars like people have kind of deified
Star Wars and made it into this as if
it's some like big complex story which
it never really has been it's fun space
adventures with likable characters and
that's what this movie gets right more
than anything else
the overall story is more of a backdrop
for the character drama and the
character relationships and this carry
their story stuff and that's what works
really well in this what this movie
needed to do was reestablish Star Wars
as the Star Wars you like and it does
that
I'm just hoping with the next one they
don't star trek into darkness it where
they just double down on the references
and the callbacks because there's I
would say one complaint about this movie
there's a couple too many little
wink-wink callbacks so if there's a
little too much poetry there's a little
too much poetry a little too much it
rhymes and I'm not even talk about the
overall story just the little light
we're on the Millennium Falcon and we
see the chessboard come up we don't
recover fanservice its phantoms and the
movie doesn't get bogged down in it no
I'm just hoping that sequels nods you
know play more that out now that we have
this movie out of the way establishing
these new characters let him go off on
their own adventures the moss eisely
shot yeah there's the moss eisely thing
and that's I'm okay with that just cuz I
like fun creature designs so they
weren't I'm just talking about like the
Overlook but only one and then Luther
Shannon the black killers were seeing
the city in the distance ed oh yeah kind
of the same shot on jakku jakku yeah
it's Tatooine not far too cool it's a
same thing so there's a scene where a
character went into a wacky cantina to
find a pilot to take him to the liver to
get the stolen plans inside of a droid
to the rebels it was a stolen map is so
unmanned yes it was the map to the
pirate's gold rioter oh the spoilers yes
I accidentally let it slip that kylo Ren
wants the pirate's gold have you felt it
so we gave you first impressions and
we're going to say spoilers from here on
out major warning spoilers
here we go rich
what's wrong with carrie fisher's face
is this too old her face is too old oh
she's not too fat though you're an
ageist she lost the right amount of
weight because you know rich is okay
with carrie fisher's weight but she's
too old
that's what remember when I remember
when I first saw Carrie Fisher Han Solo
said to Finn and race like she's like
just don't stare
don't stare and then she comes out she's
got these glasses on and I'm like I'll
carry Fisher's back Oh Mike that wasn't
Carrie Fisher
that was a CGI motion capture character
what Carrie Fisher and Harrison Ford's I
loved their relationship in this movie I
loved that it didn't work out it makes
perfect sense that it wouldn't work out
between the two of them it doesn't feel
like because that's the biggest problem
Jedi's like now they're just there
they're together yeah there's one line
where she's where unsolo is concerned
she likes Luke it's just like tossed in
at the last minute no reason so I love
the way they handle those two their
dialogue back and forth is great without
feeling forced or like remember their
relationship in the past like there's
more through the decades since then
there's a little more drama a little
more weight I like that there is a
throwaway line of dialogue to explain it
but for me it's a little bit weird that
like here we are like 40 years later and
these characters are still doing the
same shit they were doing 40 years ago
Lele is still the one in charge the
rebellion organizing things and Han Solo
is still the brash smuggler lying around
the galaxy so he goes back to day one
fine throwaway line to excuse it
I know and it didn't be like a throwaway
line I felt like more a way of informing
the character it seemed completely
appropriate for a little he's like he
said he went back to doing what he was
good at and and even he upped his game
it was a fun plot with with with the Han
Solo's little little monster smugly yeah
I thought that one soul has a giant
monster smuggling ship and squid
monsters I'm Sulu Cthulhu monsters is
smuggling and characters from the
goosebumps movie
in in little cells and then a bunch of
like people come looking for his money
and then he looks like a like a crazy
old kook at that point oh yeah yeah and
that's kind of fun
I wonder why nobody told Harrison Ford
to get a haircut before this movie is
just like shaggy looks terrible he looks
like he just walked out of the senior
citizens home I think that's the point
though I guess it little distracting in
the movie cuz it just look just look so
unkempt in like a way not like movie
unkempt you know I wish Chewbacca looked
a little rougher like I was watching
Empire and the and his fur and Empire is
all like ready
yeah and nasty I notice that right off
the bat it looks a little too clean he
looks like the Chewbacca from that like
Citibank commercial is running around
and it looks like a Chewbacca that's
like it's Chewbacca you know here is
like where it's like not really
Chewbacca I want him to be a little more
Mady little more gruff he's like the
replacement Chewbacca you get Han Solo
after Chewbacca dies this is my new one
you say this ever to Baca was real yeah
it was a very good death scene oh we're
talking about the death of Han Solo not
sure why not
but we're are in spoilers if you're
watching this well guess what I'm solo
dies the least shocking plot twist of
all time kylo Ren is the son of Han Solo
and Princess Leia well general layout do
you remember everybody needed general
when we were together one thing I wanted
to point out is that I liked that this
movie didn't try to do any sort of like
Luke I'm your father shocking reveals
the information is doled out throughout
the movie in a more casual way than that
which I appreciate it cuz like so much
of this movie you could have predicted
going into it a lot of people have or
it'll just be spoiled so I appreciated
that it's like you just learn these
things throughout the movie and it's not
like aha yeah like I'm surprised to
learn that kylo Ren is Han Solo's kids
yeah it wasn't like they revealed it on
the bridge at the end or something but
yeah it right off the bat you see kylo
Ren he just kind of walks off the ship
is like blah blah blah and so go okay
this this feels like Star Wars
and then yeah he walks in and we see
grand Imperial Emperor Lord Snoke who's
a CGI thing first you think he's a giant
monster so then she was that - that you
think you like and then you just realize
it's a hologram like I thought that was
great I think and real-life Snoke is
gonna be four feet tall yeah and he does
that too like to intimidate I like kylo
Ren a lot I has more character to him
than Darth Vader doesn't a new hope
Darth Vader of course is more going on
in Empire um yeah well Darth Vader's
character wasn't really established
until Empire exactly exactly so I like
the villain established in the first
movie of this new series has a little
more going on yes yes we're rich and I
were discussing this um yeah kylo Ren is
of course the son of Leia and Han and he
is a Brant
he's a bratty rebellious kid that works
in a way that the bratty rebellious kid
and Star Wars prequels does not yes and
he's conflicted he feels a little bit of
the light side daughter the light is
like he's like help me Darth Vader mask
he's like help me see the way of
becoming a complete asshole and they're
so on the seeds of where they take that
character next and that's a fine thing
to do great it's great and I like that
he wears that he wears that mask and it
almost has like the Bane voice as an
intimidation thing and because he
probably learned that from the
four-foot-tall CGI creature who
intimidates everyone by being a 20 foot
tall yeah and then he takes that mask
off and he sounds like a little wimp and
he looks like like a dope and you know
he wears that mask to intimidate others
and really it's like he's really like
kind of cowardly almost and unsure of
himself but he wants to be a badass you
can tell he's going to be a real prick
in the next movie too because he got
embarrassed big time
like like three times yeah he got bested
by a girl by a girl do you need any kind
of training to use the force any he has
training she doesn't well you know we
don't know her neither defer neither
does Luke and Empire you know yeah well
the minor training it like a week of
training with Yoda yeah that's all you
need you know we need a week and then he
went back for his training and Jedi and
you ought to just die to media can I
point out that that this is this is we
are now back to real Star Wars yep there
is never any bullshit about the only
thing that Yoda says he's too old to
begin the training that's all but really
it's more like okay I've taught you a
couple things how to levitate stuff how
to do this your real training is
confronting Darth Vader blah blah blah
and this it's it's kind of the same
thing where it's it's not the stupid
prequel idea of you have to get you when
you're one and you have to stand there
with a thing over your head holding a
lights in a room full of other children
the room full of they're as close as we
are not with lightsabers yes it's not a
literal training it's not it's not an
academy of little kids in a classroom
like the stupidity of George Lucas's
ideas and the prequels
and that is George Lucas George wherever
you are
thank you George
and not one hint of midi-chlorians well
we knew that wasn't gonna settle with ya
we're back to Rebekah basa back to magic
baby back to magic magic and
coincidences oh look that's just the
Millennium Falcon it's just sitting
there
oh we got a run into Han Solo hey what a
coincidence yeah why is it the Star Wars
universe everyone has to have some sort
of relation they have to be some sort of
family member of another character like
a family spirituality tree rhymes no
it's about families no didn't line
characters what else well what it is is
everyone loves Luke I'm your father so
then everyone you know oh and then look
at layer or brother and sister it just
went from there I said you want to pass
that torch you got to have Luke Leia Han
and you got a you got to have it go to
the next generation it's a generational
thing I understand this I'm fine with it
it's funny to me it's it's it's amusing
to point out how coincidental everything
is but that's the scene my favorite
scene in the whole movie it was when
kylo Ren is interrogating Rey and and
he's like he's like using the Force on
her and then she's yeah
pushing back again so it goes on forever
but it was great internalizing
internalization the way way way what and
she's like you're afraid you're you know
you're worried that you're not going to
be as awesome as Darth Vader he's a boy
and and and then it's like that
realization and she realizes it too that
she has the force and she's aware of it
and everything and then then there's a
humorous Jedi mind-trick scene with the
stormtrooper and you get back to some
humor and there's a lot of cleverness in
this and useful what if someone else
beside you came to you and said I want
to make Episode seven could you see that
happening No
the dark side
Jedi
they're real
I really like some things I really like
just just random bits and pieces just
some what about one one kind of guy came
in and told kylo Ren ma we we didn't we
didn't get the Droid and he just without
saying a word he just whips out his
lightsaber he just starts fucking up the
room he throws tempered enters little
temper tantrum um which shows he's not
in control
yes emotions and that happens again and
the stormtroopers are coming around
there I go I kept waiting for Harrison
Ford to make some comment about running
around on another Death Star well here I
am and on another day there's there's
one mention where he's like they're
showing the the new dust with the called
starburst star killer base and they're
like here's the Death Star here's the
star killer on this graph and there's
them for is just like how do we blow it
up like they know what they're doing we
said we can do that we can always blow
it up yeah there's always a way to blow
it up and that was the one story element
the whole star killer thing that to me
was like a little too close to like
we're watching them blow up another
Death Star again but unlike a new hope
or that's the entire end of the movie is
I'm trying to blow up the Death Star in
this it's more of a backdrop for the
real drama the real character story
stuff so Jedi oh I guess Jedi too but
this um I don't know I didn't it's such
a small element to this the actual
blowing up of the the circus or a night
bomb
whatever yeah it's a sign announced and
Ed would film what
the solar a night solar a night is a 9
from outer space the bomb that makes all
light explode yes yes rich thank you
you've seen plan 958 say you don't
remember this every time I see it I'm
just yelling at the screen though we
don't pay attention to the story about a
9 mm space that's fair which is the
thing that they blew it up though at the
end of the book yeah what are you doing
the sequel so you got the same problem
that Jedi had I really I really thought
the new Death Star the star killer base
was going to carry over I was hoping it
would just to subvert I'm just blowing
up another Death Star they really should
have just disabled it by blowing that
thing up whatever you need then the
movie on that high note though I guess
what do you need the climax but that
wasn't even the climax no this is the
confrontation between kylo Ren and let's
toughen Rey it should have stuck around
the playing field has been leveled now
no it has because the first thing the
solar night bomb did was blow up chorus
on which it was awesome we think it's
chorus on did they standard Gleeson was
screaming about the Senate he's like
well fuck the Senate and fuck the
Republic and all the coastal Republic
still around what's going on and then
then the solar and I bomb shoots it's
real energy and it's like 5 planets at
once
it hits all the little planets and and
then I I swear I saw that the main shot
of course on they show a bunch of people
they're like what was a punch again as a
poem ok yeah any issue at most of the
issues I have with this movie or
nitpicks the only big one is the the
Death Star again and that's the battles
of trying to blow up the Death Star
again that's the only thing that really
fell flat for me mmm they even fly down
the trench yeah yeah it was it's almost
like a direct remake of that whole
sequence so we're we calling this a soft
reboot yeah yeah it is it works because
you like the characters and that's the
stuff that is feels new and fresh Daisy
Ridley was great I think she kind of
made the movie john boyega's very good
mm-hmm
I wish there was a little more Poe
Dameron but I like that they didn't you
know give you too much of all these
characters so on let's talk about our
favorite character oh my god it's
captain fast phantasm Captain phasma
Bastion
Kevin advertisement captain toy captain
toy
captain doesn't do much in the film so
if you're watching this and you seen the
film you know that captain I want to say
phase ma but it's fast asthma which I've
laid off is not out laid off it's just
weird to me that J James would make a
reference to the film phantasm in a Star
Wars movie but that's what it is a
direct reference to well Captain phasma
is it is like a like a joke and Captain
phasma is getting more screen time right
now then she has in the actual movie I
guess she's like she's like in charge of
all the stormtroopers and it's more of a
plot device um it's it's publicity fault
if you're upset about that I mean they
needed they needed a stormtrooper in
command to stand out so at the end when
they're they need to get the shield down
they we would let the audience know who
that is and show she would know how to
do that but she reprimands boyega's
character and says you know you why take
don't take your helmet off knowing you
know and then and then he's like that
it's basically like his boss yeah at the
yeah we get just a little moment with
them early on to establish that they got
beef with each other but really like we
thought this was going to be some kind
of awesome character I guess not Oh No
there goes Captain phasma oh no oh no
and the other thing I thought was great
with Finn and it works with him learning
to stand up to the horrible empire was
just a normal person in a lightsaber
fight with a Jedi yeah that was really
kind of cool and he didn't get his ass
kicked as he should have just that
happened was neat it wasn't that great
because no one was like flipping around
and doing all these overly choreographed
movies well you saw when I was thinking
of the ending of Revenge of the Sith
where they're they're flying and
spinning and hanging on ropes and
there's our little surfing in the lava
bull jumping and it's like all that
fight needed to be it was them honorable
mountainside and some lava going down
yeah and then
this is not the character it's about the
characters and this was just them
fighting the forest hmm and just
awkwardly beating each other very using
googled lightsabers not in a ninja way
but just hitting each other and trying
not to get hit themselves yes beautiful
and it was really nice to see real
stormtroopers even though they all look
fat yeah was the costume yeah the
costumes are really make them look short
and stocky yeah right right now we're
saying we had a terrifying thought
during the the Rey and kylo Ren fight
they're fighting you know the Luke
Skywalker's lightsabers in the and the
snow kylo Ren's trying to grab it and we
see it I know it was going to fly to Rey
and if she was Ben grabba I I thought it
was gonna fly into Luke's hand I was
gonna be the big looper Vil I was
expecting him there yeah I was expecting
that like his green lightsaber to appear
in the frame somewhere and everyone
looks and there he is and he's like I
was like oh God don't show up Luke yeah
you're gonna run and then we see Mark
Hamill in the end is this best acting
job Mark Hamill has ever done now Jay I
understand you had a problem the last
shot is a minor big thing yeah like I
like the idea behind it I like Lee the
emotion of it but you know she holds out
his lightsaber and he stands there and
we cut the credits I don't agree
there's a static shot or just a close-up
of Luke or something but it's like this
awkward helicopter shot that's like
spinning around them you see the shadow
of the helicopter to on the ground
no you yeah you're doing my side I don't
believe you we don't ya know some kind
of like low angle where they're like
silhouetted or yes there is like a dolly
out or don't ya so I didn't like the
fact that she went there and like broad
daylight I'm assuming like that's that
island and off of Ireland it's like
really dangerous and weird and nobody
could go on the island and maybe they
couldn't film at night because there was
like some will fall off the cliffs I
think it just would have been more
exciting if it was like dark and
mysterious yeah I was like broad
daylight kind of like a tourism video
it's like visit
and then we you know some more dramatic
lighting like one listen so he's just
kind of standing there I think he was
urinating and he's like oh I better just
stand here for a few more minutes so it
looks mysterious but it puts this little
lightsaber away and then excuse me oh oh
oh it's me I was at kissing
I don't know like we're talking about
the Starkiller base being gone and the
blow-up Khorasan maybe and then so we
have a little smattering of rebels on
whatever planet they are on and then we
have a couple of Star Destroyers and
then did you shoot each other and what's
what's like what's the what's the thrust
what's the threat yeah I mean this is
because an empire the empire was still
in charge of everything yes now it's not
clear because they talk about the
Republic being a government but they
also talk about a resistance to the new
order right and it's not clear who's in
charge of what who's attacking who yes
yes the resistance shouldn't I think you
mentioned this in our predictions video
is that the resistance is not the
resistance until they are overwhelmed
they're pretty much the the they should
the resistance should be the vampire my
predictions started to come true with
them with the you know the new Death
Star destroying the old glowing of
course I yeah
right exactly where but it seemed like
Leia and the the rebels or resistance
were resistance they should be the army
yes the status quo at that point I don't
understand the layout of this universe I
don't understand yes it was very clear
before I don't know what do you do well
Rey has to redeem kylo Ren to fight
Emperor snuck I think so yes that sounds
good yes that's my worry is that they'll
just continue like this movie you know
apes a lot from a new hope - aside from
the Death Star stuff suffice reboot
soft reboot I was fine with that but now
just like with Star Trek o.9 I was like
okay now that that shit's out of the way
let's tell your own story which they
didn't do with Star Trek I I'm hoping
they're a little smarter with how they
handle this but who knows it's funny
because this this movie kind of
nullifies the entire Star Wars Expanded
Universe like hundreds of of novels have
all been thrown in the dump it gives a
shit I don't really give a shit
really I didn't read the novels but I'm
passing familiarity with him I know in
the books Han and Leia's son turns evil
hmm and then his twin sister ends up
redeeming him I think I think they're
just gonna ditch this is gonna be the
same fucking thing and I don't know I
think she's gonna I still think she's
Grey's gonna end up being Luke's
daughter yeah but I don't know I like
that was everyone's assumption leading
up to this movie but I'm I'm hoping they
do something more interesting than that
obviously she's gonna have some sort of
connection to she's got some backstory
they hint at yeah which was kind of need
they don't don't tell you yeah they said
her family dropped her off
yeah and left her there as a little
child he sees you actually see a
flashback of her as a little girl well
it's it's kind of similar to the
backstory non prequel backstory of
obi-wan attempting to train Anakin and
it getting fucked up and I'm turning to
Darth Vader which is Luke attempting to
train kylo Ren that getting fucked up in
him turning into Darth Vader he's
amazingly Darth Vader
I like the kylo Ren's lightsaber was
wonky yeah well let's see probably yeah
he's wonky it's appropriate it was all
like uh not functioning right like the
blade was weird you know like he didn't
quite know how to make one it wasn't a
solid it wasn't solid and perfect it was
like kind of just sketchy I thought that
was a neat touch at first I didn't like
that because I thought that that was
gonna be like the new look of the
lightsabers like all ya know easy it is
just as was all fucked on the important
the important thing is that he didn't
have a fancy lightsaber in place of a
personality
yes he's the anti Darth Maul he has
actual villain with depth I think in
kylo Ren was my favorite part of the
movie he's yeah he's great one other
thing in the movie moves pretty fast so
it's possible I just missed it the the
MacGuffin of the movie is the map those
I wanted ABS bb-8 map yeah do they
explain like where this came from or
like was there a man x1 Saito had it
like who made this map Magus one Saito
had it that was my other thing I was
like Adam why is there a map to Luke
Skywalker what you teach you had most of
it yeah yeah the other part yeah the
other part but like who made this map
why is there a map that had where to
find this hour exactly but like who made
the map like if Luke's again hiding
where did this map come from well I
think they mentioned that Carrie Fisher
was looking for Luke okay Oh in the
opening title crawl it says it yeah it
says she wants to find Luke and bring
him back so that he could help them okay
and so I'm assuming that the map is all
the data so the map was like a
calculated deduction of where he problem
yeah like um cuz cuz they got the Death
Star the star killer plans from somebody
who went there and did I think they
didn't it was just Finn who worked there
no no no they mentioned like the recon
team oh this out yeah so my guess is
that Princess Leia was sending out
people on secret missions kind of like
the one Poe Dameron was on in the
beginning to help track down Luke and
they're like oh he was here last no he
was here last I was here last and so
it's like okay this is the final spot
let speaking of the opening Carl can we
just mentioned how wonderfully simple
and corny that opening was yes perfect
Skywalker has vanished like it was
perfect
something just visually though something
one just seemed off to me for some
reason I kept expecting that to be like
a parody a parody ad before the real
movie started I don't know what it was
because they're so used to it it is
corny I was we
not hearing the twentieth century-fox
face it's probably it that was probably
it we just open on silent
Lucasfilm long ago by the way there is a
Darth Bane in the Star Wars universe
Darth Bane which is gonna is that work
on kind of ready for me under brutal it
was fine just fine haha there's been an
awakening
I've felt it
I think the problem with Star Wars
though is that one really good sequel
happens to be one of the better movies
ever made and it's really fucking hard
to live up to that exactly and this
movie does a good job of establishing
itself as a solid sequel which is the my
biggest takeaway from it is that it
feels like a sequel it doesn't feel like
too much fanservice or too much like
we're doing like us like us we have all
these things that you enjoy from Star
Wars or making it look and feel just
like Star Wars it feels just like a Star
Wars sequel it is a very good job
recapturing the magic and the energy of
the original it almost feels like a
blend of empire and a new whole yeah
yeah and like it's not totally a new
hoped on totally Empire but it has those
emotional highs and lows of empire and
the novelty in the magic of the first
one I'll kind of blend it together
JJ Abrams Lawrence Kasdan they all did a
great job doing what they were supposed
to do it ends up kind of like the low
note of empire to where they kind of
like at the end a Empire was kind of
separated Han Solo's in carbonite yes
now Finn's and maybe a coma and then ray
flies off to meet her Jedi destiny and
it does not end in a award ceremony yeah
I just I just want to see him put a
little metal on Rey and Finn and
Chewbacca and then just put one of the
like put on a hunt soul but just falls
to the ground because Han Solo's dead
bitch it cries because you have honey
forgot for a second and then the credits
the music stops is like awkward silence
she walks on what your process that
wasn't a sentence Louie what I like
would you recommend now that we're past
spoilers the force awakens
absolutely this is the big event film
we've all been waiting for her you sound
so excited about it it's a great fun
adventure film that that mostly captures
the magic of the original Star Wars
trilogy with none of the dumb shit that
was in the prequels that ruined Star
Wars temporarily now it's back JJ Abrams
has
ate it he's done it he made a fantastic
film and you should all go see it at
least once or twice that's that's that
that's that's what we were contractually
obligated to say so I'm glad you got
that out of the way god I memorized it
all everything that was in the email
from Disney that they told us to say
though was that pretty good does it come
off on camera I think yeah well we'll
cut this part out where we're yeah yeah
we'll make sure we cut there's
definitely because we don't want people
to know that we're horrible sound like
authentic it did it sounded like you
really okay okay good Richard you need
to read yours over I'm just I'm just
want to see what we're do this read it
off the page because I know you're
really bad at like remembering things
and we'll just cut to like me and Jay
because we both have our own separate
camera angles yeah you'd be off of Jays
camera okay so go go okay Star Wars The
Force awakens is the film of a
generation new generation a new
generation it's bringing Star Wars to a
whole new group of fans that have never
gotten to experience this universe
before I I plan to see this movie at
least five more times yeah and I'm going
to get the the 3d glasses I'm going to
see that to see the movie in 3d and I
have to make sure to check out IMAX it's
on available in IMAX just because I
think it doesn't look because the 3d
experience is really immersive and
amazing as well yes yes yeah so maybe
see it both ways Jay your thoughts on
Star Wars The Force awakens I can't do
it it sucks oh my god
sucks
the fly ball oh my god the layers are
coming oh shit
no absolutely positively you're really
app closing the door without any wiggle
room whatsoever there is no episode
seven
yes well you see it's a it's a super
sophisticated system when when Hollywood
uploads the film to the service its
encrypted but my satellite is up so high
on Mount Everest but I can steal the
signal before it's ever been encrypted
Wow well that's pretty cool but probably
really really illegal yes totally huh
hey you know mr. blinken mentioned
something about you having a bunch of
little people that make toys ah yes
a homeless shelter for legless midgets
burned down in Honduras a few years ago
and well I decided to take in some
refugees my exchange for food and
shelter they manufacture sex toys for my
wife's business ever breasts
yes dildos rubber pussies and whatnots
yeah
Lincoln thinks she has a stick up her
ass but really it's an anal plug Wow
that's fucked up and weird yes it's
essentially free midget slave labor I
can get away with all kinds of legal
shit up here because nobody can find me
that's why I built my mansion way on top
of Mount Everest well I've got to get
going please do tell Harry to bring over
that bourbon I'm afraid I have to get
smashing drunk because my wife is a cunt
my wife is a cunt to literally make
silence
she makes rubber cuts she makes literal
pink ones I mean all of my daughters
they're all my wife she isn't who makes
rubber guns and also makes literal comes
in the form of my fing whore daughters
yeah well I've got to get going
Tata oh my god did he just say that uh
wait wait wait Chris I just wanted to
say it was really nice of you to leave
mr. Plunkett that VCR VCR well I never
left planket a VCR oh and do remember
vote Trump
a J if he didn't leave the VCR then who
did
