Apr 10, 2015
Furious 7 and It Follows
youtube.com/watch?v=MSmjT6l_dLg
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/586608459484889089
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152822287677634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-furious-7-and-it-follows

Half in the bag.
I don't even know what's going on anymore.
whoa there's some strong winds today Jay
how can you tell well before we are
moving slow and now we're moving fast
you're right Mike I hope we can find a
place to safely land this house or mr.
plink it'll be furious who knows Jay you
and I seem to have bad luck wherever we
go it follows it follows in fact you
could say that it follows us fast and
furious Lily you talk about the fucking
movies okay you stay dream about being
old enough to go on dates I had this
image of myself holding hands with a
really cute guy
driving on some pretty road
it's never about going anywhere really
having some sort of freedom I guess
it follows is a new horror film from
Robert David Mitchell or David Robert
Mitchell David rated Robert a guy who
directed something else the film takes
place in Detroit and if that's not scary
enough if you're a teen who has
premarital sex an invisible person that
only you can see will slowly walk
towards you sound scary believe it or
not it was Mike what did you think of it
follows I think I like this movie
what well sort of like every many movie
it has problems most movies have
problems unless your Ghostbusters or The
Rocketeer
yes um this was a 92% run tomato score
fairly well received horror film very
different stylistically very unique in
the fact that it's it it achieves its
goal of kind of creating that that 70s
horror atmosphere kind of 70s early 80s
core yeah no definitely the score um
it's very reminiscent of John Carpenter
Halloween I got a little bit of
Nightmare on Elm Street in there too
where there's a lot yeah but the part
where the two girls are walking down the
street and there's a look evergreen
trees kind of by the side wow it's like
it's like a Steadicam shot very very
very retro just overall really good
tension until kind of the plotting falls
apart a little for me and then kind of
picks up towards the end sort of that
that's not that's pretty apt yeah I
really really really liked it I almost
loved it but yeah it gets it kind of
stumbles a bit in the second half has
some pacing issues overall I like the
fact that it's such a slow build-up very
atmosphere it's like it like a checklist
of everything I love in horror movies
what exactly is supposed to be following
something happened
it's not what she thinks okay we believe
me mom no it's me everything's okay
I noticed a few is speaking the score I
notice a few parts where it seemed like
they had taken music and slowed it down
to like 15 20 percent where you know you
hear that audio quality starts to break
down well there's like yeah like a weird
rumbling it is yeah which is what
happens when you take just a regular
track and like slow it down like 10% is
good yeah and where it's the quality
starts to crumble at that at that speed
but um which I thought was neat yeah no
it knows when to use music and it knows
when to be silent which is something
most horror films especially like the
big studio ones you think of like this
same premise done in the style of like
we jug I saw with you you saw that movie
then but that's this is like the polar
opposite of that where it's like you
could say okay because it's like a final
destination type premise kind of
reminded me of that a little bit but
done in just such a just completely
stripped down very simplistic way that
made it genuinely creepy in parts well
even the central concept is sort of a
subversion in the fact that the
convention of horror movies is you know
the Virgin lives this is a movie where
you have to be promiscuous in order to
survive because this thing that you have
to pass along to other people by having
sex with them what I took and this is
what I like is that the the premise is
so vague that it gives you lots of room
to kind of imagine what's happening or
fill in the gaps and I kind of saw it as
like a like fear of like loss of
innocence you know like there's certain
points or it's like when she's scared
she runs to the park like like a little
kid park and things like that and you
know and having sex for the first time
and all these things and I liked that I
liked that it didn't over explain those
elements but at the same time that works
on a thematic level but towards the end
a little bit it's like okay I get what
you're doing but on a like literal level
or a narrative level level it's a
slightly anticlimactic you know yeah
I get what they were doing but it almost
needed like just one little turn in the
story Thea matically it worked
it was very dreamlike it you know I like
the the imagery of just the kids when
they go to find the one kid who
initially started the whole thing with
the the killer they're all sitting on
his lawn you know in a circle and and
this I'm hanging out in the porch and
drinking sodas and beers and stuff in
the car very it felt like like summer
yeah envisioned childhood innocence
absolutely being taken away from these
be yeah and but yeah the the the little
more of a even blend between the
thematic stuff and then the storyline
which which started to become a little
like okay now what now what to me it
felt a little repetitive after a while
where it's like they go to a place to
sit around they wait things starts to
walk towards them they run away and then
that happens again it's a little too
much in the second half but I don't want
to come down too hard on it because
overall I really really liked it yeah
and that repetitiveness I guess we'll go
into spoilers slightly so warning
spoilers ah the part on the beach they
stay a real nice setup um the the main
heroine whatever her name was her name
was Jane was Jane yeah she's she's kind
of sitting there and they're all keeping
their eye out for the ghost Oh premise
real quick I guess we should explain
what they all about you you get you have
sex with someone that's that's cursed
I'll say instead of you know I guess I
don't know the term would be they're
cursed if they have sex with someone who
has this curse a person or entity will
take the form of a human and just start
slowly walking towards but only you can
see that only you can see it if it
reaches you it kills you
it kills you busts your leg in half
apparently it kills you in a horrific
way so in order to get rid of this thing
from following you you have to have sex
with somebody else and it kind of
attaches itself to them which doesn't
quite make sense
because once it kills someone what if
that person didn't have sex with another
person is like that the train ends there
and then it's like Oh Who am I going
after now I didn't quite get the logic
there but whatever it's a horror movie
if you look like someone you know or it
could be a stranger in a crowd whatever
helps they get close to you
if they remind it didn't remind me of
Nightmare on Elm Street a lot because
they come up with this plan to kill the
entity and with the Freddy movie it's
like okay we know he can be pulled out
of a dream and maybe when he's pulled
out of the dream you know we could hit
him with a baseball bat
good plan all the rules are there makes
sense this is like they shoot the thing
with a gun numerous times but then for
some inexplicable reason they think it
can be electrocuted in a pool yeah that
kinda throwing toasters into it weird
weird scene yeah really weird so weird
logic from the characters really what
why would you come to this conclusion in
a way though it if they were like um it
reminded me of the kids from it Stephen
King's game when they're trying to stop
and he's got the the slingshot with the
silver silver bullet or silver coin on
it something like that and so it kind of
reminded me of um little kid logic like
let's throw all these electrical things
in a pool and so good spot they were a
little too older to operate on that that
logic level that's more like um I don't
know
ten-year-old logic and they were like 18
sure yes it's a really observational
movie which is what I liked like there's
lots of like cloak like that part you're
talking about when they're all sitting
around in the circle in the lawn and
there's just like close-ups of the main
character as this you know pivotal
dialogue scenes happening and she's just
pulling blades of grass like lining them
up on her leg and little things you do
without even really thinking about the
fact that you're doing and the cameras
just focused on it or like I really
liked the the Halloween shot early on
with the two girls walking down the
street it just cuts to like a like a
tracking shot almost like from their
side point of view passing a house and
you hear like a couple arguing inside
and just little details like that that
really make it feel like not movie land
but like a real lived in world like the
real world and these are things that are
happening in it yeah then and the
neighborhood's they shot in were real
like they felt authentic didn't feel
like movie movie Street
yeah they spray down water on the street
at night and they're the movie houses
and it looks so the blue lighting and
looks like a James Cameron movie looks
fake most horror movies look like that
which is great it was an independent
and it's actually there's been a lot of
like if people complain about modern
horror movies to talk about like we gr
the Paranormal Activity movies like this
movie is is one of many in the last
couple that a couple years that have
come out they're just really really
clever independent horror movies like
the studio stuff kind of sucks right now
when it's not directed by James Wan but
this movie last year there was like
starry eyes and late phases about an
elderly blind war vet that fights
werewolves and it's great like so yeah
lots of the last couple years there's
been a lot of really good independent
horror films and it's nice to see one
like this kind of blow up or reach a
wider audience because maybe we will get
less wages and more character-driven
atmospheric genuinely creepy horror
movies yeah but they know what the
masses want but no one saw we Gio was
that a hit but I can picture like a
general audience like someone that likes
paranormal activity or movies like that
going to see it follows and being bored
as shit because it's very slow it's more
about atmosphere than it is there's no
jump scares really and I think people
have been conditioned now to think that
like jump scares like that's what a
horror movie is where it's just
you'reyou're being startled you're not
scared like this movie has a genuine
sense of dread to it and you feel for
the characters and it's been a while
since I've seen a movie that works in
that way as well as this does
it needed that like Oh to really hit it
home it's like it's like it's like
hitting a home run and then it just kind
of falls a little shy and that's the
frustrating part is like I understand
what they're doing with the end but it
just does feel like it needs one sort of
punch yeah yeah it looked Mike I found
the sequel to it follows it's called it
came so it follows is a prequel that yes
because it's following and then finally
okay okay
it showed up so Mike would you recommend
it follows I absolutely would it's
grateful grateful very very interesting
it starts off a little annoying because
it's like a mumblecore movie and then
and then you're like what why is she
reading text on a seashell compact what
what what is this yeah and the kids act
weird and kids don't watch 1950s sci-fi
B movies how do you know that they don't
how many kids do you hang out with it
felt a little like like pretentious
garden stay desk we're cool we do weird
things and I was like a little knowing
at first but that's like oh oh oh what's
happening like weird and can then then
you're engrossed in it and then like
three quarters of the way through you're
like wow and then it ends you're like
neat I think J would you recommend
advice
I absolutely would especially if you're
a fan of horror movies it's one of the
best ones that's come out recently and
also recommend starry eyes that came out
last year do recommend star wars star
wars it was a film that came out in the
late 70s um
and it's pretty good
you
James Wan director film yet The Fast and
the Furious 7 or as it's also known
Furious 7 in this probably not last
installment the gang is all back to
fight some group that wants to get a
device that can see everyone's phones or
something Jason Statham is another bad
guy who wants revenge on our heroes for
injuring his brother an event I can only
assume happened in the last film since I
haven't seen any of these films Vin
Diesel's house explodes and that a lot
of action happens
then the movie ends well Mike before we
get into what I thought about Furious 7
we should point out that neither of us
have seen any of the other movies in the
series I was actually going to marathon
them all in preparation for the new film
but I couldn't figure out what order to
watch them in because the titles are
also fucked so I just didn't well let's
list all the titles so that people
understand
so the first film is of course The Fast
and the Furious and that was followed up
with 2 fast 2 furious and then the third
film in the series was Fast and the
Furious Tokyo Drift
the fourth film was fast and furious and
that was followed up with Fast Five and
the film after that was Fast & Furious 6
which was followed by Furious 7 Furious
7 were at now what will the eighth film
be called da 8 they're running out of
words in the title The Fast and the
Furious they're just gonna call it the 8
so we didn't see any of these films and
we said let's go see this new one and
see if we can figure out what the fuck
is happening it was very easy it's
pretty simple it's not a complicated
series although I do have a question
which is they're like a group they're a
team that drives cars do they work for
the CIA what what if bi what I gather
was that Paul Walker was an FBI agent
and in the beginning maybe he was
undercover in the drag racing scene okay
tell us in varrock and Vin Diesel was a
drag racer it was like a tough guy and
it kind of teamed up and then other all
the other characters are sort of like
these shelters throughout there yes and
then in this last film
Vin Diesel and Michelle Rodriguez fell
in love and Michelle Rodriguez hit her
head had gotten amnesia and Paul Walker
married Vin Diesel's sister and they
have a little baby together
yes and that's all I think I knew what
happened that's all you know and then
somehow they were driving their cars
around in London and somebody hit a
Jason Statham's brother and crippled
them yeah so he's back he wants revenge
no money - you don't know me you're
about to it's like the sins of London
have followed us home remember Owen Shaw
this is big bad brother we're being
hunted
nice bar does it even need to be said
that this movies dumb no that's like
saying water is wet yeah um this buddy's
what very very dumb
it's domina in a in a celebratory kind
of self-aware way it's inoffensive
unlike a like a Michael Bay movie where
it's like you know that he is looking
down on the audience he's making the
movie for Michael Bay thinks he's like
like a badass making a movie like and
he's like yeah I'm so awesome
I imagine James Wan and the whole cast
and crew just like laughing is nice like
it was like it's impossible to directed
entire movie sarcastically because
that's what this feels like
yeah there's no business like show
business like no business I know
everything about it is appealing
everything that traffic will allow
nowhere could you get that happy
feelings when you are stealing that
extra bar there's no sure the plot is
like light laughably thin another movie
we saw trailer for was a new Mission
Impossible movie the last one was
actually really good I haven't seen that
and Ghost Protocol I think it was
Gabbard directed us yeah I mean Brad
Bird is a cool dude
he made the Incredibles and you can tell
you simple dude you can tell he's a cool
dude just by looking at this picture of
him Brad Bird and Mission Impossible
five or four six ghost Protocol that was
great movie and I had sort of a
complicated plot it took itself it was
still silly you know but it took itself
a little more seriously this movie much
less seriously it reminded me of like
being a little kid again it's it is like
a little kid playing with toys it's it's
nonsense
well there's that famous AV Club video
and the little kid that supposedly wrote
the script for these guys yeah now I
understand the movie stays pretty much a
hundred percent true to your original
screenplay
yeah well it's so great to have it none
of a chemistry with a director the
question is that like the the the die
heart like obviously this series has
fans cuz they've made it up to seven do
the people that really love these movies
are they watching it with the same sort
of eyes that we are or do they think cuz
there's so many shots in this movie like
every scene starts with like badass hip
hop music and just like endless
close-ups of girls asses there's a lot
of and it's light unlike dudes walking
every scene starts out like that is like
are there people in this audience that
think this is badass yeah are they
laughing no I was laughing the answer is
yes
no window was to go now
and I put everyone behind the cameras
laughing yeah they know what they're
making and they know who they're making
it for much like we JA it's it's it's a
very specific thing but if like this
movie didn't annoy me like the the new
Bruce Willis with diehard John McClane
no idea what see you have that reaction
because diehard one while it was a big
action movie somewhat grounded in
reality this this and then the new die
hard movies where it's just like he's
throwing planes around and and that's
like no and then it annoys you but this
movie didn't know in me like Vin Diesel
lifts a car up like he's so strong the
lipstick ara and and then the rock is in
it and I guess he was in other movies he
was at the preview at least one and he
plays like he plays like he's like he
plays all the rock yeah he plays the
rocket but there's also like a he works
for the CIA or something or something
but he gets horribly injured he's in the
hospital and then when the movie but the
movie needs him to to come back and help
his friends he just says I'm no longer
quick and he gets up and he got he gets
up he's like daddy's got to go to work
yeah and I'm like he's gonna rip this
fucking cast off isn't he and then
there's a little voice in my brain that
goes nah that's too stupid
let's do stupid and it wasn't your brain
wasn't stupid and not my brain was at
stupid enough cuz he flexes his own cast
off and it's shattered and then I just
went alright that's all right with me
that's okay with this I I would say this
movie needs more of the rock because
yeah Vin Diesel is basically the main
character and Vin Diesel is the most
like charisma free actor I've ever seen
he's like laughable you could have put
like a rock with googly eyes in his roll
and it would have the same impact
there was a rock with Google oh it was a
movie his name was Dwayne Johnson yeah
the movie when he comes back cuz he gets
injured at the beginning the rock does
and then he doesn't come back till the
final like big action sequence and and
the movie like live-ins up like he's got
charisma yeah when he takes up like a
mini gun off of a helicopter and
whatever it came is picks it up he's
picks it up and he's just start shooting
it the movie need more of him less
Diezel you were about there
yeah Wednesday's about to fall asleep
when Vin Diesel's on the screen talking
Sylvester Stallone says What did he say
lady see yo just did I guess we should
talk about Paul Walker this film ends
with a love letter to Paul Walker very
maybe overdone for this type of movie it
gets really really sappy at the end of
this like ridiculous action movie and I
understand what they're doing but based
on cuz obviously haven't seen the other
movies but based on this movie alone
like obviously Paul Walker rest in peace
but you didn't do anything in this whole
movie he punches a guy along you know he
does why does stuff but he he doesn't
have any sort of like there's nothing
memorable about him in this film
no he's just he's just the guy that's
there next to the guy that's mumbling
next to the girl that put his evil his
character arc was that he didn't like
domestic life because drove a minivan
and he really likes being shot at in
murdering people and then at the end he
decides that he doesn't like those
things I guess so it's sort of it's not
an arc so much as it is a complete
circle
yeah well he's back with his wife and
his little baby and he's gonna start a
family life and settle down
instead of going on action adventures
okay that was his character and then
nothing happened the whole movie to
support that just started with him
saying that and then he goes on a
three-hour long violence festival and
then it ends to the right I got I don't
know if you could call that an arc it
so much as a little microscopic bomb
daddy's gotta go to work
this isn't where other doesn't play by
your rules
but that's another thing you can sit
there and go oh no like like isn't it
laughable huh no one got hurt at all
during the horrible adding anything that
happened to any one of these characters
would would kill a human being it's like
they're superheroes and you can sit
there and go and like that's not
realistic but they'll be sort of like a
like a celebration of dumb action yeah
in a way and they are they do feel like
superheroes because they're like some
Chinese man dies who I assume was in the
restroom sure his name was Han and I
guess he was a crucial member of their
team but he just killed gets killed in a
scene we don't see oh they just show up
at his funeral or something when he's
like half dead in a car Jason Statham
kills him oh that's right he got Han
yeah and then they're like oh and then
there's funeral and Vin Diesel's there
and he's like and then you see Jason
Statham driving by it's like a car with
tinted windows and and that's almost
like like he leaves to go put on his
superhero costume yeah that's a done
he's got his car he needs his car that's
just like Superman costume yes and then
once you've got a car you could do
anything I guess no do anything okay
Kurt Kurt Russell shows up and he's like
I'm man I'm Curtis I'm man with suit and
I'm secret man and find the girl and I
will tell you where to find Jason
Statham even though wherever you go
Jason Statham shows up yes and then they
find the girl and the girl says I gave
the device to my friend we have to go
here let's go Abu Dhabi
so I go to UQ establishing shots
close-ups of asses every young sister
Arab stereotypes moving camels across a
highway and then yeah women scantily
clad in the United Arab Emirates in
bikinis and then and then they find the
guy and he goes oh no I don't have it
it's conveniently located inside a
highly locked safe at the top of this
awesome building I sold it did he say he
sold it he sold it yeah and then the guy
hid it in the conveniently in the glove
box or underneath I don't know where it
was
side it's in a car it was inside the
world's most expensive fastest car yes
which was just a coincidence this is
very convenient for Vin Diesel and gang
yes yes it wasn't just in a safe it was
inside the world's most expensive and
fastest car ever to exists yeah in the
top of a very big building this is like
the setup for a taxi we gotta go get it
and then they get it and then then they
say let's go back to LA now yep it is
like a little little eight-year-old boy
up the screen really is the Colin Allen
trim and then there's a hole in the
train and Jen think the car brought the
box then the police went after that then
the block sure did the card engine of
crack this into the ocean I really like
the sequence when they go to to Abu
Dhabi like it's just the look of it oh
here the it was a fun little like caper
scene when they're trying to break into
this and then they get the the supercar
and yeah this was a party felt like
Indiana Jones Mission Impossible kind of
oh sure kind of fun thing it's much more
dumb yeah I gotta go drive he just has
the worst one-liners in this movie too
everyone is a groaner yeah and you know
what if it was the rocks ain't him they
probably would have worked they would
have been terrible lines but they would
have worked
The Rock The Rock has charisma the rock
is a fun likeable guy the diesel is not
know Vin Diesel is like a real rock he
should play the thing in the new Fast
and Furious 4 I mean fantastic and
furious 4 I mean which also has an
invisible lady just like it follows her
name's to storm there so my quizzes so
Jay would you recommend
fast and furious 7 also known as furious
son um I don't know like I know we've
had fun like laughing at it but it's two
and a half hours long watch it on cable
and only half pay attention to it and
watch other things on your eye
and until you hear an engine Rev and
then look up at the TV uh my
recommendation is go and and walk out
once they leave the Middle East okay
because I like the part when they rescue
the girl from the bus that whole action
sequence when they drop the cars and
they have the the parachutes on the cars
a natural action sequence and then I
like when they go to Abu Dhabi yeah and
then they have the cars jump through
between the two buildings that
rebuilding three buildings are then you
could leave so yeah I kind of would
recommend it because the action
set-pieces are pretty fun they're
understandable to me they weren't as
nauseating as other action movies they
were more like self-aware and
celebratory of the the schlock it knew
it was so to me that was fun I'm just
picturing grandpa walking into the
theater and watching this movie like cuz
he likes action movies from like the
fifties and just mean like oh this is a
nightmare this is a nightmare and Paul
Newman the sports car
whoa whoa now that's interesting well
Jay it looks like we've drifted about 70
miles south of Milwaukee how can you
tell that well because we're about to
crash into the Sears Tower
oh god no not the Sears Tower don't you
mean the Willis Tower
they changed the name a few years ago oh
that's right Oh oh god no not the Willis
Tower
actually mr. Plunkett you're wrong
they've changed the name again now it's
called the viagra tower Oh No that the
viagra tower disposed viagra sponsored
it because it looks like a giant black
erection that's the first thing I
thought of too and apparently so of a
lot of other people there's a whole
bunch of negative comments so they've
changed the name again now it's called
the Chicago Bears tower why'd they call
it that that building doesn't look like
it really really sucks it seems like a
nice sturdy dependable building the kind
of building that doesn't embarrass its
City at every available opportunity ah
the Chicago Bears
now whatever
