Sep 16, 2015
The Visit and Turbo Kid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1nd8WPZO_c
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/644259700553330688
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153163754927634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-visit-and-turbo-kid

Half in the bag.
I can't stop watching movies.
yes you elderly fuck we'll be
there to fix your fucking VCR already
will you quit calling
I don't know as soon as we can yeah
we'll be there okay fine fuck
let me guess mr. Plunkett wants us to
climb the mountain to get to his house
to fix his VCR so he can watch his Night
Court tape yes and I told him we'd do it
because he offered us a hundred dollars
a hundred bugs I don't want to climb no
mountain for no hundred bucks Jay ever
since we took over the shop again
nobody's come in it's been like weeks I
need money
I have a Darth Vader toaster to buy you
already have a toaster I got it for you
as a gift for your Bar Mitzvah yeah but
it's not a Darth Vader head toaster I'm
gonna throw out that perfectly good
toaster and replace it with my Darth
Vader head toaster I need it I need it
what grown virginal 48 year old man
child's kitchen is complete without a
Darth Vader toaster well I guess it has
been a while since we paid that old man
a visit speaking of that yes I have oh
well that's good I'm glad you got tested
Jay because AIDS is not a laughing
matter oh I thought you're gonna ask if
I saw the visit why would I ask that
just randomly well I said something
about a visit so we're gonna pay that
old man a visit
this is segue into the the movie all the
new M night Shyamalan movie yeah oh no I
didn't see that why would I see that
yeah why would you watch an um night
Shyamalan movie too irritating kids go
and spend a week at their grandparents
house while their white-trash mom goes
on a cruise with some guy who has a
hairy chest love shortstack pancakes and
is rapidly gaining weight who would have
thought a Walmart sales associate on the
largest cruise ship in the world getting
drilled by some hairy guy Jay should
people go and visit
it they're theaters to see a walk in the
woods is that that new film with Nick
Nolte yeah where he plays Santa Claus oh
wait that's just how he looks Jay your
thoughts on I'm not sure my mom's first
film the visit his first film
yeah I don't know whatever it is okay
the call him what do you think of it it
was okay which on the the M night
Shyamalan grading curve is pretty good
um the most of the movies kind of dull I
guessed the twists ten minutes into the
movie so there was no tension because I
knew exactly where I was going but the
last 20 minutes or so is hilarious and
I'm not sure how much of that is
intentional ah
I loved this movie Tom McKenney um I was
highly irritated throughout 60 70 % of
this movie and then and then it got good
and not good but it got got entertaining
entertaining yeah that's a good that's a
good word to describe it
the kids were irritating and and some of
the writing was strange but well it has
all those M night hallmarks of like the
characters have these weird quirks you
know I was thinking of like the hot dog
guy and the happening there's just a
character that's randomly obsessed with
hot dogs for no reason and at the point
I'm not familiar with M night Shyamalan
movies that much to know that he has
those things and I guess did you even
see the happening I did see the
happening but I have ancillary I don't
remember oh it's a very funny movie
that's one of the most comedies the last
a hundred years yeah but no I don't
remember like any kind of specific
character quirks and but I guess they
could they could be seen as like making
the characters more real like just weird
kid behavior that kitten kids do weird
things and sharing things and kids and
movies tend to not seem like real kids
but to me it just came up you're
chatting because a little kid raps and
this yeah I did not like him the girl I
was okay with they were she was like the
pretentious filmmaker who want to be
filmmaker and I was okay with that
tolerable but the kids rapping was like
made my skin crawl
yeah and that was in like the first five
minutes of the movie he starts rapping
and I was like oh no luckily it's not
too too honey yeah it's a kind of
beginning in the end the other thing but
I don't know I was sitting there
watching this and I was thinking like
the production companies at Blum House
yeah every wide-release horror movie now
is a Blum House movie they were very
successful with their Paranormal
Activity movies and he the something
Blum is one of the producers and I'm
Jason Blum I don't think but I was
thinking I'm like this is a smart move
for for M night because I don't know how
many of his last films have been
horrific failures they keep lopping and
he keeps getting the made he does it was
like a disaster either he got some
advice or he thought this up himself why
don't I just scale things back now and
I'm not gonna have this really
unbelievably crazy twist I'm just going
to do a simpler movie and then shoot it
on a farm with a couple of cameras yeah
and very low production value and and
that's what people want unfortunately
what the hell was that
I think Nana's not feeling well
grandmother's fine then and papa
birthing strange have you were gonna
have his call so just weird people hey
wise man Estonia to the well hi papa
it's well it's surprising from him
because he seems to lack any sort of
self-awareness like every movie does is
like this horrible mess and like he just
kept making them and they just kept
getting worse and worse so I'm assuming
somebody gave him this advice like you
need to do something simple but I'm
watching this and I'm like Oh God Oh
found footage
it's a found footage movie and then
there's a part where I don't who ever
one character the girl has a camera and
slowly panning it and it's like that
kind of like what are we gonna see and
people in the audience are like oh no oh
oh no we're gonna see this oh something
scary is gonna happen I'm gonna get
scared and the cameras been painting
slowly in the dark and all you see is
the the spotlight of the camera yeah
there is gonna be oh this way and it's
like that's what people want um but this
isn't even really an effective found
footage movie because there's opening
credits playing I thought that was weird
right off the bat there's we're seeing
this found footage movie but then this
is like written and directed by M night
Shyamalan like you gotta get that shit
out of your phone footage film it's a
little hybrid almost well that's the
thing too is like there's parts of it
that are an edited documentary because
the that's the premise is the girls
making a documentary about going to
visit their their grandparents for the
first time and yeah um so there's like
edited bits like there's some interview
stuff but then who edited the footage
why did they edit some of it and some of
its more like raw footage so I'm sure
the cameras on cuz yeah and of course
everything looks slick and nice it
doesn't look like consumer grade cameras
no she's the girls walking around with
like a gigantic red camera no he's like
fires and cables everywhere yeah um well
the premise let's talk about the premise
I get the premise from the trailer that
two kids go to visit the grandparents
and the grandparents act weird hey isn't
it crazy that they're acting weird yeah
sums up with these people and right when
they get there the grandparents say
don't go in the basement there's mold
and that's when I said oh I know what
this is um there's something wrong with
Nana and pop-pop so just old
I'm just clean here what is in the shed
down here obviously there was something
wrong with them I was thinking like I
don't know Jed the M night Shyamalan is
known for his twists like Ken can we get
into this too much or not we're throwing
up the spoiler warning we're going to
talk about spoilers from here on out
until this timecode when we start
talking about our other film which we're
reviewing tonight which you don't
remember asking begging and demanding
that we review it is because I want to
reveal good oh yeah we watched turbo kid
last night and I got really drunk and
don't remember saying that we should
talk about it on the show right so we
skip to this time code to check out our
review of a much better film turbo kid
yeah but so the kids go to the
grandparents house and the grandparents
act weird and then me the whole time I'm
like is this just a movie about two
crazy old people who are insane and then
I was like nah they got the aliens
they're gonna be ghosts they're gonna
cuz they acted so strange it almost
seemed like aliens and personating
humans and what's the twist what's the
twist and then the twist turned out to
be fairly simple and effective and was
set up with a couple of little clues
here and there mainly it the doctor
comes he's like where's so-and-so been
you know they don't know about the big
news down at the insane asylum when he
was writing to the camera yes so that's
that's it there's some then you well
let's talk about whether or not this
movie is a comedy I am Not sure I never
Tinley it becomes very very scary I've
called a dark comedy or a black comedy
there there are elements that are
intentionally funny there's little bits
here and there throughout and a couple
of times it kind of took me out because
there's a couple kind of effectively
creepy moments but then it's followed up
with the dumb joke like when they they
hear scratching outside the bedroom
they open the door and it's the the
grandmother completely naked scratching
against the wall it's like ooh that's
kind of a creepy image and then he
closes the door and the kid goes I'm
blind now it's like you just completely
undercut it you're one effective moment
mm-hmm um so there's a couple bits like
that that are supposed to be funny
but the end I don't fucking know I have
no idea how much that we were supposed
to take seriously you were complaining
about how this doesn't accurately
portray mental illness yes that's that
well I guess the twist if we're into
spoilers the twist is that it turns out
these are not the actual grandparents
they're crazy people that have escaped
an insane asylum and they assume they
assume the roles of a different elderly
couple the real grandparents who go to
the insane asylum to act as counselors
rights and then apparently they had
learned a lot about them they knew the
kid the grandkids were visiting and then
the mother the old lady that you see in
the trailers had murdered her children
in a well or in water she put him in
suitcases and threw a lesson and then so
she obviously went to a psychiatric
hospital and they want to I don't know
if that's a real husband or just a
fellow patient but um they want to have
a normal family weekend
I think Nana's not feeling well
grandmother is fine
it's like somebody talking in her sleep
what's he doing
there we are during the day I'm just
cleaning it and even weirder at night um
there's something wrong with Nana and
Papa they're just old there was ever a
couple of days are you okay the whole
premise is that it seems like they're
hiding something the whole time by going
about their daily routine and maybe some
crazy people do do that kind of stuff I
don't know I guess it just it to me it
came across like like I don't know it
like the way portrays crazy people's
that they act normal when the more you
get to know them the weirder and crazier
they begin to act um where it's like
wire if they want this to be a normal
weekend and they can hide the fact that
they're crazy and act like normal people
why would they start to reveal the fact
that they're crazy yeah I guess you
could say well because they're crazy but
then it's like well how could they
suppress that earlier and just felt very
like I mean obviously that's the movie
like you have to be a slow reveal hmm
and the ramp-up wasn't like obscenely
excessive it the elderly people showed
crazy signs right off the bat sure bye
and then kind of slipping in and out of
this behavior and even at the end the
they still weren't like crazy crazy
until it turned out that the the one
girl found the dead bodies of the actual
grandparents so that went off the rails
but yeah it's a movie and it seemed like
it was done as well as you could portray
a situation like this as far as making
it an entertaining horror film it's not
obviously it's not a realistic portrayal
of event is an offensive portrayal of
the mentally ill yeah yeah ffensive M
night Shyamalan should have known that
this is both elderly shaming and mental
illness shaming mm-hmm and shit your
pants shaming incontinence shaming it's
really incontinence is a problem a lot
of people have it is and this movie just
makes light of it
also um germophobia shaming
so I'm gonna give a lot lot to learn
lots of learns these are what they call
microaggressions he tell us what makes
old people so scary and to see an old
person's mind deteriorating see their
body deteriorating it's funny it's gross
it's scary it's all those things that we
we uh so in addition to this being a
highly offensive film it's also boring
yes up until the last 20 minutes or so
it's not terribly interesting yeah not
terribly interesting I didn't like the
kids Ana Gasteyer Nazz the mother is not
who that was she is sure it was okay she
was there was nothing there like the
they pull this like emotional plot out
of it about learning to deal with like
pain or letting go of your anger yes
that's what the movies are really about
just like signs is really about
rediscovering your faith it's not about
aliens and that that actually really
like this movie the de les like I keep
saying the last 20 minutes or so is
really entertaining and then when it
feels like a natural conclusion of the
movie we fade to black and then we hard
cut to the mom and the entire theme of
the movie is spelled out for you and in
a scene that you want to be leaving the
theatre before it happens well that was
the rap scene at the end well that's it
deflated every scene to be that last
scene with the mom deflated everything
where they let go of your anger yeah I I
understand what you're doing I'm night
nobody cares about this shit they care
about the elderly people that are acting
like like crazy people yeah it was his
attempt to give it a little more
substance yeah and really well it was
was exploitive crazy elderly people
what's the thing what's the thing in the
backstory that's what's going on in the
house spooky shit no it's all just a
delivery system for a creepy home video
footage right there are a couple of
scary things to happen the grandma
crawling under the house and just doing
wacky shit yeah
goody get you let's make it a perfect
night no you need to come right now
I guess heard the recommendation because
there's not a whole lot to this movie
would you recommend the visit if it was
not a found footage movie if the kids
were likable I think there was something
about it - the way it was shot it was
just like clean crisp perfect HD video
footage if it was just to like kind of
quiet likeable kids that weren't
irritating or didn't like Mock the whole
situation if they were genuinely like
creeped out sure and it was shot like a
very scary horror film and and that was
the premise I would have enjoyed that
simple premise it was the I'm sure I
don't know if it was the bloom bloom
house production coming you gotta make
it a found footage like I don't know if
it was that yeah it may have been and
I'm like what what do I go to do that oh
fuck it I don't care I made 16 flops in
a row I gotta do something if it was
that uh it was structured differently I
did not
I like the premise enough as a horror
movie who was seen a horror movie where
two elderly people are the scary
monsters in it hmm
I haven't yeah and I thought that was
fine but the the execution of it up
until the last twenty minutes which are
good the execution of most of it is
irritating and boring yeah yeah well the
found footage movie you wanted to feel
realistic and believable and this is
like the most every other
characteristics the way they talk the
way they interact is the most movie
movie thing ever
yeah very movie ish that makes sense and
that's alright as long as it's
entertaining as long as you care about
the characters and I didn't care about
these kids really at all I don't say if
I would recommend it I probably would
not I don't know that's hard to say it's
yeah it's an okay movie the the ending
really helps it if it didn't have that
quality of a
of a wrap-up definitely one recommended
it might be worth seen yeah and we won't
spoil the very best part of the movie
when the old man takes
yeah we don't want to spoil that
but a wee
from film right Jay we did what is that
uh we also saw the film turbo kid I will
destroy you with my turbo glove the
ultimate weapon against the robot threat
but be a true hero you have to save your
girlfriend hey what's that in your head
so it's a comic book what's it about
Oh turbo writer tell us all about turbo
kit actually uninitiated turbo kid takes
place in the post-apocalyptic future of
1997 it's it's done in the style as if
it was made in the 80s takes place in
the future so in 1997 is the far distant
future and it's about a kid who's a
turbo kid and he befriends a girl and
they go on a little adventure and they
have to defeat michael ironside who
looks just like a Dennis Hopper in
Waterworld yeah you know I didn't I was
like is that Michael Ironside I heard it
s on his eyes but his voice sounded
different and he looks so oh he's he's
older yeah I know he's old everybody
gets old but I was like I said No
there's that him no but then I saw it it
was him that's a great story around here
we like to do things with a little more
you out of here where is she
please the girl misses gotta get out as
you may know the situation is critical
we have reached maximum casualty levels
who exactly are you supposed to be this
is it soldier we have two big decent
machines with everything we've got find
them kill them back their heads on pikes
I'm meeting up with all my strength Aziz
it's it's son yeah like I said it's done
in the style the ATS has got a
completely since score lots of subtle
references to 80s things and they get
heard when he lifts his battle arm in
the air as a Thundercats or something
that sound effects all think out sound
the front yeah oh yeah yeah might be I
think it's something like that
but the thing is it's not just a
nostalgia fests it's genuinely sweet the
relationship between the kid and this
girl he befriends named Apple they have
sort of a budding friendship that is
well handled you like the characters it
could have just been a completely like
one joke movie but it's elevated by by
those elements yeah it's a
post-apocalyptic thing and it's it's
kind of Mad Max on BMX bikes like
there's no gasoline against the road
rides bikes they're already running
bikes and it's it's self-aware enough to
where it's fun and it but it's still
like has a well-constructed little story
it's very almost like all the moments in
it all the beats and tropes and ideas
and it are all taken from 80s movies
down to the very dialog in the way that
it's it's presented yeah it's it's it's
really clever yeah well they were smart
enough to know that you can do all that
but if you don't have characters that
you like it's going to get old real fast
and then referencing something else well
there's another thing called kung fury
that people keep comparing this to it's
a thirty minute
YouTube video short film hey you got a
permit for those guns
I've got your permit right here I think
the guy right I think it's like
kick-started or something he raised like
six hundred thousand bucks or something
and did I I don't think it was spent
well but I don't think it's a fair
comparison because that's just a joke
the entire thing is a joke and there's
no real characters to it and nothing to
latch on to other than hey remember the
80s yeah this is one of those movies
that it's not like haha hysterically
funny it's funny if you get it yeah I
could see a lot of people watching this
and just going this stupid but you
really have to be on that that plane
that level to understand it and get what
they're doing yeah but on but even still
it's still enjoyable because it's not
like you said it's not over the top with
like references references origin it it
does it but it's subtle enough and Ana
has fun with the material because
there's a lot of unnecessary for either
give you completely necessary gore sure
that's it's it's early Peter Jackson
levels of gore the way we use Goran or
films is it's not really to shock anyway
it's more to entertain it's like an
adult version of Bugs Bunny if you want
it's more over-the-top it it's closer to
what Peter Jackson used to do in this
earlier films oh yeah brain-dead and bad
taste and so he was a huge influence to
the point of being slapstick which
sometimes doesn't work you look at like
Troma movies and stuff or it's like it
gets a little left or a while but this
like it's almost like the the perfect
punchline to a joke or just they know
when to do it and when to hold back it's
just so charming it really the the fact
that it has that sort of core
relationship that builds or you like
these characters and you any you know
you kind of actually care like the movie
is tongue-in-cheek but
it takes the characters serious or a
series as it needs to you know with this
type of goofy material
so Jay would you recommend turbo kid I
would absolutely recommend servo kid if
you are a fan of the 80s a fan of synth
music fan of Peter Jackson's early films
was that face for Peter Jackson before
he made them hobbits he made uh comical
Gore films like Dead Alive and meet the
Feebles today we all know the Hobbit
films our comical Gore film that's true
that's true uh yeah I'd recommend
watching turbo kid but don't recommend
it to like your friend that works in an
office cubicle who who likes The
Hangover
yeah it's not it's not there's no jokes
it's a very funny movie without jokes if
that makes sense yes it's funny and it's
in its execution and style and and
cleverness yeah there's a part at the
very beginning we were all laughing and
all the kid at simmer and his little BMX
bike and he just jumps a little hill and
we're all like yeah right it's like some
people watching that might not even get
why you would cheer a little moment like
that that's what happened in 80s movie
because that's an evident everything in
the 80s now so you have to you have to
operate on that on that specific
wavelength yes tuning in on a wavelength
in order to to appreciate this movie but
I dare I say that average people not to
say that it's people that enjoy a decent
Gore films are either above average or
below average but a regular audience may
also enjoy this because it has a
cohesive understandable plot it has some
heart and it's fun to watch that was the
biggest surprise for me was the hearts
that is not I was expecting more of just
a nostalgia fest and it's like oh I like
Apple I like the kids like I like their
relationship quite a bit
she could been more like the real turbo
writer but she could totally be terrible
kid so I think you have this movie on
Amazon I think it's not in theaters here
in the US I really don't know
I know it's played some festivals I know
it's coming to the Milwaukee Film
Festival oh um and but it yeah it is on
Amazon and iTunes and stuff so you look
into where you can find it
turbo kid movie dotnet sure turbo kid
movie gov turbo kid movie.com dump is
turbo kid calm turbo it's actually turbo
- kids underscore movie duck okay well
but whatever you do don't get confused
and watched turbo we're not talking
about that alright I'm all set I got my
snow gear on Mike I think you're gonna
need something a little warmer than that
we are going to the top of Mount Everest
Everest Everest the top yes
huh that's where Plunkett's house is
doesn't sound cold it's not Mount snow
or Mount cold or Mount freezing cold
Everest it sounds like a tropical resort
so based on this logic alone I'm just
going to wear these gloves okay let's go
mr. blanket we'll be right there
mr. plinkus voice sounds a lot like a
dial tone lately we're going come on no
you go first
I'm going to document our trip just like
the little girl documented their trip
make sure you bring your extension cord
well that doesn't power without being
yeah yeah so what you're saying J's that
we'll have to run an extension cord up
Mount Everest
we'll bring two just to be safe yeah
baby three maybe we should bring three
gonna document the trip gonna document
the trip up Mount Everest and document
the trip up Mount Everest
