Oct 4, 2015
Everest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g40Rr6-t1xk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/650727701502930948
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153192250997634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-everest

Half in the bag.
Ain't nothing funnier than a good old-fashioned poop joke.
well Jay we made it all the way to camp 2
actually I think we're at camp 3 or
maybe the second step I don't know I'm
not keeping track shadow I don't see
what the big deal is anyways I mean all
people had to do was run a couple of
thousand extension cords up the mountain
and they'd have hot coffee just like us
stupid people yeah what a bunch of
suckers can you believe people actually
die up here I'm not even cold yet
because I'm from Wisconsin yeah if a
couple of VCR repair men can make it all
the way up here than any stupid fat lazy
idiotic moronic dumb moo-cow flyover
person from the Midwest could do it too
Mike did you pack a bottle of booze into
your supply bag that has limited space
yeah I just brought a little Bailey's
you know splash into my coffee what's
the big deal still yeah just a little
splash into my coffee what's the problem
Mike I think you have a problem Oh
en put enough in oh yeah look what'd you
think I was gonna say hmm you know any
rich asshole can pay some Sherpa to hold
their hand and walk up a mountain you
and I we're gonna be the first people to
make it to the top of Mount Everest
wasted fuck yeah
and that's good too Jay because I took
out all of your insulin to make room for
this
I don't know why processor so much in it
wine why not you know you got to bring a
little Pinot actually this this is empty
but today it needs the space huh yeah
but that's what's clearly full balance
for me a mine have you seen Everest well
of course I've seen Everest I'm on it
now I'm at the movie that's some sake oh
yeah I've said oh my god at last it's
what we've all been waiting for and let
me tell you movies don't get bigger than
this
this film is rock-solid every actor
gives a peak performance this movie's
flying high at 30,000 feet so without
further ado here's our discussion of the
intern starring Robert De Niro and that
annoying actress okay we're talking
about Everest the fuck is that
so movie about the world's tallest
mountain
that's why Elsa is it a fantasy movie
like the Lord of the Rings oh no no it's
a real is a true life story that
happened oh now I feel really bad about
laughing so hard through the whole thing
how's the winner it's good I suppose
with you well though got climbing
together next time the three of us about
your wife
oh she's been fine with it ever since we
divorced if it isn't the mayor of base
camp you know man climatized
jamaican-born director Baltasar
korm√°kur brings us the true life story
of a bunch of climbers who got stuck up
on Mount Everest and some of them died
Mike what did you think of every lists
effortless effortless uh I liked this
movie a lot it was a solid movie it's
exactly what I expected my levers I
don't know I mean you were so apparently
you can it was a solid film all I can
think about when we were watching it was
that all these people all the problems
that they go through could have been
avoided if they just didn't climb up the
mountain that's true just don't climb it
yeah III was thinking about that in my
brain a little like and the the reporter
brought it up he's like why are you
doing this you know and maybe some
people just they I mean people do do it
clearly this is based on a true story
yeah oh no it's a it's a thing that
happens all the time a lot of people
have made it to the top it's whole
industry and I like that element of the
movie was that they didn't like over
dramatis eyes the whole like we're gonna
make it to the top and it's like that's
that's what I was expecting based on the
trailer like a you know triumph over
adversity type movie and it's not that
at all it does not romanticize the idea
of climbing Mount Everest and that was
what I liked the most about it yeah was
that it was very not cold like you cared
about these characters but very like
this is what happens it's not easy
people fucking die yeah the only
dramatic elements really kind of came
from the and you have to do this for a
movie like though the wife and she's
going to have a baby and I thought it
was true you know and in that gave a
nice little emotional Court into the
movie
and I'm wondering if they hired keira
knightley solely based on the fact that
she could just cry a lot she did cry a
lot
stream close-up was not dripping down
her face which is great it was very
unglamorous which I liked yeah her
character have slept in a bed woke up a
lot laid on a couch and cried I was
thinking about that dude like because
this is a surprisingly strong cast for a
movie like this this feels like one of
those like late summer early fall
throwaway movies um but there's like big
people in it like Jake Gyllenhaal's in
it and Robin Wright shows up in it as
concerned wife and then Keira Knightley
shows up as concerned wife as like
they're both being wasted and not like
oh the movie needs stronger female
characters just those actresses were
wasted like actors actresses of that
caliber today as as actresses tell us
these days there's very few roles in
films for women over 30 except for
witches that's true so there I was
waiting for the twist in the movie to be
that Robin Wright was a witch she was
casting black magic because she had a
she was angry at her husband about
something so she cast some sort of spell
over him to where you would want to
climb the mountain and just die so the
unofficial sequel to frozen it is 10 so
the girl shows up and says let it go and
then they all like all the rope and they
function no no don't let it go no I
didn't mean that that's copyright
pending you my friends are following in
the very footsteps of history something
beyond the power of words to describe
human beings simply aren't built to
function
at the cruising altitude of a 747 our
bodies will be literally dying yeah josh
brolin is in the film and he plays a
texan who apparently hates his life so
that he wants to climb a mountain to
avoid depression because when he's up on
a mountain risking his life he he feels
gratified yes and then he loses his nose
spoilers and then Jason Clarke is stars
as the guy who is the leader of the the
group that people hire to take them up
to the top of the mountain well who
wouldn't trust John Connor to take him
up on I guess we shouldn't trust John
Connor after that last Terminator movie
yeah he might betray you and turn into a
liquid digital Terminator yes luckily we
have Sam Worthington showing up because
someone remembered that he exists and
they put him in this movie yeah he was
also in the Terminator he was yeah he
was a terminator characters so it
multiple and I thought briefly there's
the guy with big long beard I thought it
was a Christian Bale did look like him I
thought it was him and I was like what a
waste of Christian Bale because he has
like two lines yeah halfway through the
movie I realized it wasn't him they show
him in profile and I thought oh yeah
that's Christian Bale and I immediately
thought of Batman Begins now I was
thinking of other Terminator Terminator
Salvation oh yeah yeah yeah so I was
thinking Batman Begins with the monks
and the monastery and stuff but Liam
Neeson does not show up in this movie
but Josh Brolin he has a little accident
and he's like I didn't pay 60 grand to
get me to the top for this kind of
fucking bullshit
let's keep kind of gun on the up and
good for this cop
two custom Alexander's name must be on
that Casa shy super MACT and that was
the only little like mean spark that
happened with his character for the rest
of the time he was pretty yeah
pretty normal and and it's nice it
didn't exaggerate those points I was
waiting for that I was waiting for
someone to get angry at somebody else
and then tussle on the mountain and
swellow dangling on the side they
avoided all that no bolts no generic
movie nonsense just really
straightforward like you want to see
what it's like to climb Mount Everest
here you go yeah yeah and that was that
was good I mean the guy who the the
there was a news reporter guy I forget
his character's name or his real-life
name he was writing for outdoor magazine
you remember yeah and in the film
whatever his name was I forget we should
have done our research before doing a
review but I read a little article and
he's like the film's bullshit and he
wrote like there's a scene in real life
now you have a real-life cock and he
said this in real life because he wrote
a book called I believe is called into
thin air based on what happened he
basically said that the movies bunk but
he specifically mentioned one scene and
it's a scene where they're all it's kind
of towards the end when they're on their
tents and there's like Josh Brolin and
then Japanese women are coming down and
they're and they're like come out and
help the one guy comes in he's I can its
I can't see it's too cold out there and
he said well if he's like no one ever
came into my tent that never happened
and then the producers are like well we
had to we had just to you know shorten
that idea that we tried to get people to
come out of their tents and help but
they didn't all want to and he's like
well no one asked me and the scene that
you showed was of me yeah it's like so
fuck this movie go read my book and so
on and then I'm like I think any most
people going into a movie is it's based
on true story no there's going to be
some manipulation of the truth yes yeah
Jay would you say this film is both
sexist and racist because the
screenwriter made the Japanese woman die
absolutely let's ignore the fact that
that's what actually happens we should
we should change it for the movie we're
talking about dramatic license I
understand I understand we should we
should we should have lived even though
she died in real life
and honor her memory I'd have made her
like a like a badass Sigourney Weaver
and aliens type character that just
takes China
she should have picked up Josh Brolin
and thrown him over her shoulder
absolutely read him like the end of The
Lord of the Rings salmon Frodo
uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh Ellen we made it
wrong there is a massive storm why honey
yeah the the filmmaker was not
jamaican-born that was a joke he was
Icelandic he's from Iceland which is
appropriate I guess sure it looks like a
fair amount of it was shot in real
conditions right it was nice it didn't
look there was a couple parts early on
like there's the first part when they're
going across that uh that ladder yeah
and I was like this looks fake like that
like the sky looks green screen yeah
there's a couple moments like that but I
don't know the making of them the
history of it like the movie was made
but it looked like a lot of times you're
in yeah yeah yeah I'm sure they didn't
go up too high on a mountain but yeah
really nice I mean it really had that
that authentic cold if they're outside
in the cold and that's good enough for
me they don't have to really climb a
mountain
I say when they're like clearly in a
studio and there's someone not framed
throwing snowflakes at them you know
with a wind machine
now the emotional stuff worked for me in
movie terms and real life terms I mean
these are real people this really
happened to them there's these human
connections but do you feel like you
mentioned like early on this er fault
for climbing up a mountain do you feel
like like say you got it like a tragedy
like the Titanic now this kind of
reminded me of that is like a disaster I
like disaster movies because there's
that whole cheese hour and ten minutes
of build-up and you know something Bad's
going to happen and there's always
little things and it's building towards
and I like that about disaster movies
but the Titanic people are just crossing
the ocean crossing the Atlantic yeah
they're intentionally putting themselves
in harm's way a war movie you know
people have to go to war but this do you
feel did you feel any kind of disconnect
there you're the one who made the
cynical comments
I was joking of course no I
if you want to climb Mount Everest go
for it but I think you know the risks
and I think the people let's were in
this movie knew the risks clearly they
show very early on some they're walking
past a dead body and that was pretty low
on the mountain so there are lots of
real-life dead bodies frozen I might
just leave him there have they ever done
expeditions to try and like clean some
of them out yeah I was reading about it
and it said that they have made some
effort to get like a couple of them or
bury them okay but like you can't get a
helicopter up there and a person isn't
going to look down a frozen corpse right
like just leave early walk down yourself
so yeah they have to leave them up there
and it's kind of neat it's it's McCobb
but interests are you gonna do it's
gonna take all me yeah well get down
together let's go
if anyone can make it you can
but along the lines of the film I
thought it was very well executed it's a
hit off it's emotional points without
being smelled see without being ethical
that's what I liked about it and it's
not like another that has to be dour and
downbeat but it is not the the cliched
yeah we we did it we triumph without you
know spoiling the whole thing it's it's
much more realistic than that I would
have liked it even more if it didn't
have any sort of score it was just
natural sounds like I think that would
have been great maybe a few too many
characters especially when the the the
storms are coming in you're like Who am
I looking at like everybody else bundled
up yes there was a thing I noticed that
started to occur throughout the movie
taking out the masks yeah you noticed it
too oh yeah you got to be able to tell
people who said oh like I take my
goggles off I'm a m√°gico in real life
they would not be doing that I'm sure
you know I'd really like to see I want
to see Hollywood make a feature film
based on my favorite book and
documentary of all time the endurance
The Adventures of Ernest Shackleton
would you let me borrow and I still
haven't watched it it's so good I need
to watch the documentary is narrated by
Liam Neeson okay and the book is from
like the 1950s or something I I don't
know who wrote it William something
William Peter Blatty
he probably wrote it um but Ernest
Shackleton takes polar expedition and
the ship gets stuck in the ice and they
spent like four years trying to get back
oh my god it's the most miserable human
story human adventure story you could
possibly imagine
so Mike would you recommend the
endurance yeah okay yeah watch the
documentary voiced by Liam Neeson and
read the book I also would recommend
that Forrest
uh yeah I would recommend Everest it's
good Friday night I had no like I saw
the trailer is like a generic disaster
movie but its roots really grounded and
really lots of good performances like is
that surprisingly a surprising amount of
really solid actors in this yep yeah
that's worth checking out
you remember alive you remember that
movie I saw that movie it's a guy's butt
is the only one person in that really
multiple multiple kidnapping there's a
couple of people I just remember the
first part they it is the but of course
so it's got the most meat today no she
is most tender muscle
well oh geez I guess we should get going
well we only have another 5,000 feet to
go
or maybe 10,000 I don't know hey you
know our plan was to make it to the top
of Mount Everest completely blackout
drunk you mean no Irish have ever made
it up there no I mean if we're gonna do
that we should probably hang out here
drink a little more you know get our
pregame on yeah pregame yeah I have all
this booze sure should we talk about
some more movies fuck yeah yeah I see
movies all the time I got so much to
talk about
watch one right now okay you get
reception on your floor up on Mount
Everest and no well it's a good thing
alcohol doesn't freeze
