Mar 8, 2015
CHAPPiE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMjo5kNS780
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/574700441784709120
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152751485217634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-chappie

Half in the bag.
Fuck movies.
oh thank God
we're finally out of that plotline I
mean out of the bottom of Lake Michigan
that's right Jay and I hope we get to
land real soon I'm dying to find out who
wanted this year's Oscars that's right
Mike I can't wait to congratulate
Richard Linklater on winning Best
Director that's right I have no doubt
that boyhood took home every award it
was nominated for how could it not it
took 12 years to make
how's that so oh my god holy shit my
phones blowing up emails tax Twitter's
you name it yeah we were so far down
underwater we must not have been getting
reception but now that we've cleared the
surface it looks like we could start
getting data on our phones again fuck
yeah
I have 54,000 vines to watch you know
what this means
yeah it means I can check my Grindr app
again
hey looks like there's two guys DTF
within 5 feet of my current location hey
speaking of ABS I have an illegal app on
my phone the downloads Hollywood films
directly from their servers it's called
trash picker whoa hey you know I saw
trailer a couple months ago it's for a
heartwarming robot film called chappie
do you think you could download that
film I'd like to watch it and then talk
about how bad it was yeah they have it
here I'll download it and we can watch
it on my phone oh great great you know
I'm just gonna shut my phone off might
as well save some battery here huh one
of those two guys just dropped off my
Grindr app oh well I'm gonna go outside
and take a walk okay
yeah it's downloading huh what's going
pretty fast oh you know a good Wi-Fi
connection it goes pretty quick maybe
it's cuz we're up in the sky you know
the deployment of the planets first
robotic police units became the focus of
the world in 2016 Vincent Moore is a
former soldier problem without official
intelligence is is way too unpredictable
the scouts creator Deon Wilson sees a
rich future what interest me is a
machine that can think and feel caffee
is the latest film from Neill Blomkamp
the director of district 9 his previous
film was Elysium from the director of
district 9 his next film is alien 5 from
the director of district 9
do you remember district 9 you remember
how good that movie was district 9
chappie follows The Adventures of a
lovable robotic police officer that's
implanted with artificial intelligence
he learns what it means to be human by
watching cartoons and violently
pummeling people within an inch of their
life Hugh Jackman plays a bad guy that
builds a bigger bulkier robot because
the movie needs a climax Sigourney
Weaver is also in the film to deliver
lines Mike what did you think of chappie
is this headache medicine no I think
it's heart medicine well that'll work
look look what did I think of what Mike
what did you think of district 9
I like district 9 I liked it before it
was called chappie ah I'm so sick of
movies thanks for watching you remember
when people used to say that movie had
great special effects yeah that's pretty
much irrelevant now it is irrelevant so
every movie has great special effects
but nobody makes a movie anymore
it's like a noise factory it's a series
of images it's a series of storyboards
put to put in motion yeah I mean okay
Chompy chappie is a robot this is
Robocop meets a short circuit a police
for it with force of robots like all
these like boring tired old sci-fi
concepts like that seem this feels like
so rehashed at this point short-circuits
a comedy right essentially it's uh
suppose this is a realistic science
fiction film that somehow brings up the
the moral possibilities or debate of
artificial intelligence and what it
could mean to our society which means
like horrific gang members get robot
bodies at the end
yeah you mentioned the the moral dilemma
what what side of the issue does this
movie fall on um I think it's Pro you
okay Hugh Jackman is in the movie and he
has a mullet for some reason yes and
he's an Army soldier whose religious is
a religious nut he saw his because he's
religious he's a nut and he wants he's
building ed-209 yeah and ed-209 is is
connected to the wolverine via cerebro
which is a helmet that wolverine puts on
that traces his brainwaves and he's able
to control it with the helmet although
he also needs joysticks well that's it
couldn't he just use the joysticks well
that's an interesting aspect of the
movie in that you imagine ed-209 this
thing looks just like at 2:09 but it's
almost the inverse of Robocop where
there's this dilemma of a robot that's
controlled by human or has you know some
sort of information being fed to it by a
human versus completely Auto artificial
life ed-209
is the bad villain in Robocop and that's
the artificial light with no humanity to
whatsoever this movie seems to be Pro
that Pro at 2:09 because that's chappie
well unless you have a religious nut
with a mullet in control of EDS well
sure and apparently that's the only
people that will be in control Sigourney
Weaver said use your robot Wolverine use
it to go get chappie yeah I'm smash them
to dust and then you can sit there all
by yourself and no one will stand near
you what were you going yeah I thought
there was not such like isn't that there
okay and so why we're gonna oversee this
process we should probably explain you
had to climb their lawyers the climax of
the movie is yeah
chappies on the loose chappie has been
controlled by these thugs so they can
help him steal money because they other
thugs money so they steal chappie
sort of they kidnapped they didn't mean
to steal check that's necessarily they
kidnap any men because they assume that
he has an on/off switch for all of the
robotic police obvious so they kidnap
him they find out that he has
this robot that he's going to put
artificial intelligence into the first
one and they use that artificial
intelligence robot to teach it to be a
thug and and and rob people so at the
end of the movie is robbing people a
huge Ackman has shut off all the other
robots in the city because he wants to
push his robot the ed-209 robot and he's
willing to sacrifice the safety of the
entire city to do this so bad he goes to
church because he goes to church um so
he does that and then they say all right
we need your robot hugh jackman cuz all
the all the robotic police officers are
dead now they don't know that he's the
one responsible for that and and so he
puts on this helmet plays with the
joysticks and just goes right after
chappie and there's nobody else around
just go after chappie and nobody else
will pay any attention to what you're
doing because chappie robbed an armored
truck yes yes I I guess it's bad PR for
the robot division but what also was bad
PR was the fact that all of the robots
just started working five minutes before
that I think your company's done but go
take a very dangerous robot and have a
robot fight that will further our PR
cause yeah make sure it's there's
there's lots of collateral damage at the
city
done
begun shutting down
we also point out with you Jackman
there's a scene in the film where this
is when we really know he's a bad guy
they're in their office and there's all
these cubicles and he just puts a gun to
our main characters head and threatens
his life at his cubicle surrounded by
people and nobody cares
well you see oh no it goes I'm joking
it's a joke yeah there's no bullets in
my gun and he's like put the gun to his
eyes you could die you motherfucker
and also our main character Moises Naim
early on in the film there's a no
exciting opening where they show their
world police robots in action
it's like doo doo doo doo oh yeah yeah
and then it's like okay the nerd
computer nerd has to go home and play
with his artificial intelligence program
oh yes he's like he's like this is day
936 and then he's like Red Bull me dick
did oh yeah like this intense action
music like he's like he's trying to
defuse a bomb or something but it's just
him fucking around on Peters uh whose
call that way and it's like then they
have they look really easy to read
readouts oh yeah artificial and I'll
okay with that type of stuff
ninety-eight percent fail and then I
gotta do one more time thank you for
guys for nine hundred days yeah I don't
know what the sudden sudden yeah but
then then he so he creates artificial
intelligence and he puts it on a
computer chip or no there's a chip that
unlocks other computer chips yes
something everybody wants to put it in
chappie
or was he's not chappie then he's just a
robot a robot they're gonna throw in the
garbage right so he's like hey Sigourney
Weaver you guys are gonna throw out this
robot can I give it an artificial life
and just now you know we're a greedy
company that wants to sell police robots
fine
I completely agree with Sigourney Weaver
you just go to the movie exactly oh well
this is the actual dialogue in the film
I sympathize the most with the company
that wanted to make money selling police
robots they've got a crime problem the
police robots work and on them there's
all this chap eNOS chappie and
uh so he chappy comes alive but yeah
like you said the criminal element what
do they call the punks in Robocop 3 I
was splattered by latter point
there's splatter punks that live in a
factory and they still chat because they
they oh the factory that has drawings of
dicks everywhere for summary there's a
lot of dicks on the wall they owe a
mobster money and the mobster speaks
with such an accent that the producer
said you better subtitle this even
though I can understand it because fine
some parts I couldn't ok some parts I
looked away and I was like What did he
say so subtitles help help you along but
yeah I'm guessing that was someone note
noted that in the test screening yeah
one producer said what and suddenly all
the other producers wrote down yeah no
subtitle this man right subtitle um but
so our splatter Punk's oh this guy money
so their solution is to rob but they
can't rob if all the robots are around
police robots so they need chappie
and then then chappie turns into a
gangsta Oh before that happens though
the man
chappie creator man there's a scene
these scenes are right back to back and
this is where the morals get of the
movie get confusing to me where they're
saying we're going to train this robot
to rob and know help us and sort our
drugs and all this stuff and the guy
says to chappie no you cannot do this
you need to promise me I'm your Creator
promise me you will not get involved in
crimes all these things the very next
scene is him saying to chappie don't
don't let anyone tell you what you can't
do the very best seed was he said don't
let anyone tell you you can't be an
artist well no he says don't let anyone
tell you what you can and can't do
now paint a picture Cappy
anything you want to do in your life you
can do write poetry have permission alai
Diaz Jimmy wants to be Wow did you like
L soms yeah usually his movies tonight
kind of beat you over the head modern
day George Romero style with their
social commentary
yes um and that's fine if you want to
infuse that stuff into a sci-fi story
but it has to be in the background it
has to be you know very subtle there's
nothing subtle about the neill blomkamp
but this movie just I don't know what he
was going for because it's all over the
place yeah there's a scene near the end
where chappie is violently beating the
shit out of Hugh Jackman and as he's
doing it he's yelling no board violence
and I was thinking of Miami connection
because that movie ends with our heroes
murdering people for 35 minutes and then
a little title card comes up it says
only through the elimination of violence
can we achieve world peace
chappie was a clean slate and a human's
fucked him up right and I think I don't
know if that was the purpose but the
humans that fucked him up were these
violent thugs who are manipulating him
they're lying to him and then at the end
I guess we'll get into spoilers a little
bit then at the end we're supposed to
feel sympathy for these thugs why
nothing that's happened in the movie has
made you give a shit about them may the
girl thug maybe a little bit more but
the guy thug was just like a horrible
asshole through the whole movie yeah
yeah they were meant to be sympathetic
or sympathized with because they it's
not like they were just robbing for
their own greed they were trying to pay
back of drug lord who was gonna kill
them but sure but in the opening that
we're introduced to them like shooting
at cops you know they're then the cops
are never presented as being bad guys or
anything it's not like no corrupt police
force yeah see like yeah you could have
had like criminal the criminal element
in the movie be like you know trying to
survive they have to do what they can to
survive and the almost like OCP where
that's just like this evil corporation
that's yeah wants to control everyone
but Sigourney Weaver and the company
seemed very logical and logical yeah me
so I don't know I didn't know where my
sympathies lay in this film
certainly not with chappie there's some
scenes in the movie where you're like ah
chappie
chappies cute Debbie's cute he's but I
don't know like I maybe it's just me but
I have this problem with any movie that
deals with artificial intelligence like
the Spielberg AI like no matter what you
do no matter how manipulative you try to
be to tug at my heartstrings I just see
it as it's still just a robot yeah and
the Anitra I would manipulative is the
word I would use with this movie because
when they turn him on for the first time
like he should be a clean slate that has
to learn and develop but they turn him
on and he immediately is like scared and
he like powers behind you know stuff
well he has emotion III can't tell you
how an AI works oh yeah I really can't
but that was another like kind of
confusing part was Wolverine has cerebro
and it reads your like your brainwaves
and I'm like okay that makes sense and
then chappy puts it on and then it
doesn't work and then it doesn't work
and then it does yeah and and it's like
okay that's it then it becomes like a
soul machine yes because chappie is a
program and I'm sure about an expert in
computers but I'm pretty sure that that
Hugh Jackman's brain machine couldn't
read the Indian guy's robot program but
then it does but then it does I thought
the whole point of that scene was going
to be oh this is chappy realizing no
matter what he's not human
yeah I thought that was what they
related but then it's like fail fail
hope it works yeah oh yeah I thought
he's gonna go I'm not human yeah I know
that's what they were going for but it
sucks his soul out and then it sucks the
other guy's well spoiler ah the other
guy's soul out it's champion so take him
to a hospital for a minor gunshot wound
says I must put your soul in a robot yes
I'm not really sure if this will work
one night on the Internet made him an
expert in everything but and then then
they oh another thing to another
confusing point this is why this felt
like a child wrote it because chappie
plays with that he steals another one of
the cerebro's yes brings it back to
their their their secret base in a
warehouse which has internet and plays
with it on the girl character yeah and
then takes it off and then stores her
consciousness on a zip drive and then
she's running around and she gets killed
spoilers and and then they're like so
it's not a transfer of consciousness
it's a duplication again so they could
just keep making more and more of her
sure okay I guess I guess maybe our
consciousness okay I thought it was with
it with the the Indian guy I thought it
was a transfer of yes well what that's
the way it's established but then yeah
then there's that like oh I just made a
copy of your brain yeah so brain waves
and brain patterns can be stored
digitally perhaps so then like what's
the what's the is that the question this
movie poses at the
are we all just a pattern of that can be
broken down into ones and zeros and
implanted anywhere maybe you know if it
is that's pretty like morbid or or like
disturbing it would be if I mean you
could make that work to your advantage
but with this movie I don't know what
the fuck it was trying to do it
that concept and this movie like kind of
sucked all the magic and mystery and all
that stuff out of a movie I think it
just doesn't know what it wants to be
like it's all II like it's there's
elements of it that are like
short-circuit but then it turns into
this violent Robocop movie at the end
right
short circuit doesn't mix with Robocop
too well
now given the robots a big problem for
me a thinking robot could be the end of
mankind destroy that robot burn it to
ash
something of great danger headed our way
now
every movie now has amazing special
effects but in this particular case like
chappie I never was like is it a CG in
the shot or is it animatronic or it all
seamless seamless it's a shame that they
could do all these amazing things with
movies and they don't work on the script
the cheapest aspect of the movie is
script I can't blame studio interference
on this though because this is just
Neill Blomkamp he wrote it he makes good
movies he's a good filmmaker
there's some great sequences in this
side like I mentioned before the the
whole sequence where they're teaching
chappie to be a thug and then they say
that guy stole my car get the car back
and he violently beats the shit out of
car that whole stretch of the movie is
fun and but then it's just like dad
turns into Hugh Jackman is bad man yeah
and now there's people shooting at each
other and everything's just violent
craziness yeah yeah some of the ideas
like the little story about police robot
who becomes a gang member is cute yeah
and works in its own context but then
the bigger picture stuff the EE the
avatar power suits and and cerebro
helmets and I'm gonna put your soul in a
robot and I just went a little too far a
little too convoluted I don't want to
die I want do this you wanna survive
chappie you must fight
and um
have begun shutting down
you think you're real
we don't get away with this happy
special J would you recommend chappie I
know you don't like it that much
it was just a mess it was frustrating
because I never knew what it was trying
to do and that that was annoying and
frustrating because there were elements
that I did like but ultimately I was
just I was kind of bored just because it
was so unsatisfying Mike would you
recommend chappy no I'd say skip it yeah
go out short-circuit - was the part
where short-circuit steals cars mm-hmm
and becomes a gangster just look let's
kick your balls into outer space and
it's like the same scene with like our
friends oh no they say like they say
short circuit we're part of them we're
part of the they they make up some fake
like thing and it's our job to open up
all these cars see all those cars yeah
we got to do all those cars how do we
don't even get to go home to see our
families and little babies and stuff oh
like he's a completely naive yeah
chappie ISM yeah why didn't they explain
the situation and chappie like that no
they did they did they talked to him
like he was a baby that one scene in
certain scenes but the one I was getting
really angry and then the other guy the
guy who gets cutting up my scissors no
let me take over you okay yeah and then
they started talking like like that's
when they said chappie um cuz Trappist I
don't want to shoot people with guns and
he's they're like no he has stab wound
with knives and makes them go to sleep
oh yeah six lead we be like and so when
that one guy the cop was like don't hurt
me anymore like I thought you were going
to sleep yeah chappie didn't understand
so that happens during yeah the the
violent chaotic action scene where you
have chappie throwing ninja stars at
people and saying go sleepy-weepy
you're like what is happening yeah yep
they exploited a very very violent baby
essentially mm-hmm who could throw them
grown men around it's like the like if
the Flintstones use bamm-bamm to break
into a bank
bamm-bamm your toys are in the bank
vault I'd rather watch that movie about
a violent baby that robs banks yeah I am
Jeffy ah crap
what is it it looks like Hollywood is
disabled the trash picker app Wow oh
well it looks like we'll have to find
another way to see new movies I wonder
where our adventures will take us next
hey you guys still need me to fart a lot
I'm gonna go eat these beans we'll do
that again
