Jun 15, 2015
Jurassic World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iN6Rlh4KonQ
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/610618359470690306
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152970357587634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-jurassic-world

Half in the bag.
I hate movies so much.
beer like we're supposed to be working
yeah I know
no it's time to start let's see what do
we have here this is a Nintendo 64 well
they individually numbered these things
oh that's kind of weird
yeah now I hope whoever owns this can
find Nintendo's one through 63 or 65 up
because I'm probably gonna fucking break
this now I'll do it I can't no I I don't
know what is this our service request
it's a service request it doesn't work
well that's pretty fucking vague
probably its power I gotta open it
somehow just probably those tools Oh
doesn't this work look I think you're
supposed to blow into the other end
oh the oh the cassette they stick the
out of the cartridge like all into a
trex yeah yeah you have to blow into
that look Jay I'll be honest with you I
have no idea what I'm doing well Mike we
work for Jack and rich now at least
until we can figure out how to get the
store back but Jay I don't know anything
about video games or video game systems
I mean look at this this looks like
something of orto would wear in Star
Trek Deep Space nine I don't know what
that means
what I'm trying to say is I have no idea
how to repair a video game console look
Mike just think of it like a VCR it
works just like a VCR well it does
oh I'll be well I might as well test it
just trying to get it in there so I
could test it to see if it plays no no
Mike what no oh Jesus Christ no mate
just the real goes in there like this
like how would you possibly play the
tape now
well I'm sorry what it's not an actual
VCR oh that was an analogy god I'm so
stupid
oh my god look at this mess um look it's
our new bosses rich and Jack hey guys
I just wanted to thank you too for
watching the store well we're gonna be
away mm-hmm now that we've hired you two
clowns rich and I can find the go to e3
it's the the big video game convention
in California
uh I did mention that where we're
staying in separate hotel rooms right no
you didn't mention that oh because we
are we have two different different
rooms well why are you mentioning that
what does that matter we're gonna go bye
bye guys have fun at the convention
say hi to miss pac-man I mean say hi to
mr. pac-man now Mike it's just pac-man
what it's not mr. pacman it's just
pac-man that doesn't make any sense
that's quite sexist dope
and they're gone that doesn't look
comfortable that's nice you really hurt
forget Disney's Marvel's The Avengers to
this summer movie season has officially
begun with Jurassic world from the
director of safety not guaranteed you
know who I'm talking about America's
Sweetheart Colin Trevorrow smile
though your heart is aching in Jurassic
world Chris Pratt plays a genetically
modified super soldier who has been sent
in with a team of Navy SEALs to fight a
group of cyborgs t-rexes soon the SEAL
team finds out that a group of raptors
led by a raptor named Ivan who has the
human brain of an ex-soviet spy have
taken over the white house so in a
daring move the Navy SEAL team led by
Pratt's character Owen Thunder guns must
convince a group of t-rex's to come back
with them to Washington to fight the
Raptors and save America Owen must also
learn to reconnect with his distant son
and fall back in love with his estranged
wife who works in the White House so Jay
what did you think of Jurassic world
first of all I thought this movie sucked
are you kidding me I I thought this was
the best movie of the summer oh my god
best movie I've seen this year better
than the Avengers - are you serious I
loved it but go ahead oh my god I well
personally I didn't think it sucked
it's watchable but I was highly annoyed
through most of it really I'm pretty
good at like suspension of disbelief but
this one I was constantly like annoyed
at the entire idea of like the fact that
this theme park would open that it would
be financially viable like all that
stuff like all this hot like their their
control room is like a NASA control room
and apparently that's why you don't like
the movie yeah well and it's that's the
start of it it's like everything and
then like security or not security but
uh safety doesn't seem to be like that
wasn't guaranteed safety was not
guaranteed it's right on the money with
that uh continue about complaining about
the minor details of these these are the
minor details this is the world of film
and it wasn't just that it was also the
characterization they set up early on
there's two little kids that sucked
I thought I didn't believe it
are we on a parallel universe I don't
actually compare these kids to the kids
in the original movie where they look
genuinely terrified these kids like the
little kid like aside from one scene
Reese crying about his parents getting
divorced every other scene he looks like
he's on the verge of laughing
good after job began are you ready one
two I think we're calling this a soft
reboot that's that's what I was
correcting yeah and it was it was but it
was also kind of a different movie it
was almost it was Jurassic Park on
steroids and it hit a lot of the same
beats as the original movie a lot of the
same that a lot of things echoed
throughout sequences especially the when
they're in the little hamster ball and
the the indominus rex is attacking them
androgynous rex
androgynous rex also known as Smaug see
obviously giddy mentioned roland
emmerich earlier are you reminding me of
the roland emmerich godzilla
it touched on all the same themes of
like what would happen if you opened
this theme park and jurassic park we
didn't get to see that because it was
just a trial run more or less and here
it's like when now we get to see a fully
functioning theme park and they have it
under control and everything works which
is what would happen in the escalation
of consumerism which I like that they
had all these brand names in there they
had a Starbucks and it was exactly like
this theme park would be yeah at first I
was a little annoyed because it was like
Starbucks Starbucks Starbucks everywhere
but then later you see all the other
little shops and it's like okay you know
when I saw the ad Chris Pratt is riding
a motorcycle with with Velociraptor that
trailer was was i rolling it kind of
rolled my eyes a little but they that
wasn't over-the-top there was there all
the scenes worked really well up until
the very very end but I thought it was
great
see I was taken out of it okay they
introduced the androgynous rex dinosaur
they say we genetically altered this
dinosaur there's it's almost like a like
a meta commentary on the movie itself or
it's like dinosaurs aren't enough we
need to have them bigger more exciting
more they're talking about movies modern
movies and they introduced Nick Miller
into the movie and he's got the Jurassic
Park t-shirt and I think he makes some
sort of like a couple of wink wink
comments he's the hipster yeah that
works in the Jurassic world theme park
um so yeah they introduced this dinosaur
it's it's gently altered it's it's
bigger badder scarier than a t-rex they
have it this one little confined area
and that's where
they've been you know observing it and
raising it and they bring in Chris Pratt
to you know get his thoughts on it and
they look over on the edge and there's
like claw marks and there's like the
were those there before and they just
immediately assume the thing has left
the cage and so they just walk out there
well in addition to that that they
weren't getting any heat signatures and
so they didn't know at the time that it
could mask its heat signature I guess
but it's still like all these
assumptions like that's my biggest
problem is everyone's just like and then
like the hamster ball thing where it's
like we're gonna go off-road it's like
there's no security measures to shut
that down it was a little odd that they
didn't let them but there was a gate and
the gate was open so you could go on the
hamster ball within the confines of the
gate you sure we're gonna just talk
about the logic of the let you're
talking about that's my biggest problem
is like normally I can get past that
kind of stuff with this one it was like
one thing after another where I just
couldn't get past you're talking about a
fictional movie with a theme park filled
with dinosaurs I understand that okay I
don't like it the first movie is an
example of why this would never happen
and why this movie didn't work for me I
liked the theme park stuff I wish there
was more of it I wish they'd ignored
like having to tie it in with Jurassic
Park and just it's dinosaur lands and
because there is a slight satirical
element to it and that to me was like
bunny heads would be the John Williams
awe-inspiring score and then the the
schlocko dinosaur fights near the end it
was it was just as as kind of cynical
and satirical that it needed to be
I wasn't looking for Brazil well of
course I mean not neither are the
audiences right it sets up the theme
park it it had a lot of echoes of the
original Jurassic Park and then of
course the dinosaurs have to go get
loose but it didn't it wasn't like
Michael Bay 35 minute long screaming
action sequences oh no no and the ending
goes a little too over the top but the
rest of it is restrained enough in those
aspects sure the only thing I didn't
like and let's let's just say spoilers I
don't want to ruin anything of this
movie because I've thoroughly enjoyed it
let's just say spoilers the only stuff I
did not like I like the simplicity of
the movie because you know like I was
expecting all this like crazy shit to
happen
I enjoyed the simplicity of it
it had the same themes to me up until a
certain point of you shouldn't fuck
around with nature and then it goes
amuck but up until we discover that BD
Wong the actor who was in the original
dress the only actor the only returning
character and the original Jurassic Park
you may remember him from this photo
here he was a nameless scientist man who
was just like there to say expository
lines yes and now he's some kind of
genius geneticist who's in charge of the
lab why not who has a weak spot for
military money who is opened to being
corrupted by Vincent D'Onofrio and his
military thugs to weaponize t-rex's or
whatever create a genetically modified
monster that no one can control that was
stupid yes and that's the entire like
central plot of the movie that's
revealed at the end the fact that they
they wanted to create an attraction that
was bigger and more scary and more like
ah inspiring or crazy
whatever focus group said we want a
bigger monster the t-rex we've bored
with that we want a bigger monster the
consumer demands bigger and better and
that's the movie and that's sort of like
a reflection on the movie the consumer
demands bigger and better which is
completely true oh yeah and it was like
okay the bigger and better monster just
escaped and now they don't know what the
fuck to do great leave it at that cut
out Vincent D'Onofrio cut out the
military cut out all that crap
and I'd be I it would have been a
perfect movie for me what else about
security fences and their realism didn't
you like that there liked one part of
this movie because it's like okay
Jurassic world the parks open oh no
dinosaurs are getting loose the one
sequence in the movie where the
dinosaurs are actually attacking people
in the theme park it was fun I liked
that sequence because it's chaos and
it's people running around and I wanted
to see more of that not not more people
wandering around in the woods we've seen
this all before running away from one or
two dinosaurs compared to the sequels
two and three which were exclusively
people wandering around the wood it's
better than two and three very little
wandering around the woods a lot more
variety
should you get me that do you have an
opener I don't know that there's a one
down there
oh there's second one you go would so
there's a scene in the movie one Claire
who's the park director has to go find
Owen Chris Pratt's character and he
lives in a van down by the river yes
he's a Navy SEAL who who is there
helping to like research Raptors and see
if they could be trained and all that
and she needs his help tracking down
indominus rex because he's escaped from
his enclosure and he's very slowly
moving across the island it was running
around the islands huge what how do you
know anything about how fast it runs or
how big the island they show a map of
where she is where the theme park it got
a final dam will you mr. plinkus
nitpicking everything
I wonder how that old crazy codger is
doing up on that mountain oh so cold so
cold anyway so she meets him and Chris
Pratt's sort of like he's a sassy guy
he's hitting on her he's saying saying
things and she's the uptight
businesswoman she's the uptight but
never seen this dynamic before that's
why you and I never had a second date
excuse me I never wanted a second pretty
sound an itinerary for a night out I'm
an organized person what kind of a diet
doesn't allow to Keela all of them
actually and what kind of a man shows up
to a date in board shorts
what's Central America it's hot okay
okay can we just focus on the asset
please it reminded me of 70s era sexism
and I cannot believe they still put that
into movies did you think of that
yourself no that was a thing Joss Whedon
said you heard about this right oh yeah
we saw a completely contactless clip and
decided to label it sexist yeah no Joss
Whedon sensitive Joss Whedon that's what
we should call him from now on is
sensitive Joss Whedon that's a little
clunky maybe we should use an acronym oh
here
you want to consult here or in my
bungalow I thoroughly enjoyed that scene
not because I'm a sexist but it actually
reminded me a lot of han Solo and
Princess Leia in Empire Strikes Back
they're sort of dynamic he's he's a
pushy smarmy sexist and she's an uptight
bitch it's not funny
what's the problem like it's a movie
these are these are dimensionless
characters in a monster movie but don't
you want characters with dimension well
look at the original Jurassic Park great
characters they're there they're beyond
just Lord cutouts Ellie Sadler was a
great character let's not look at the
past with rose-colored nostalgia glasses
please I liked Bryce Dallas Howard I
liked Chris Pratt they were sort of
movie characters they were not dramatic
depth of three-dimensional characters
I'll give you that but we had the park
owner who was sort of like this some
kind of a free-spirited business I liked
him he was he was interesting I once a
deathful but interesting and there was
no like we've got her we gotta make
almost practically it was it was sort of
like the Clara character was just
basically that was her job and she was
good at her job she knew all the numbers
and figures and and she wasn't like
super passionate either way about about
the the ethics or the plot of the movie
she was just doing her job but the guy
the owner was a little more of a more of
a John Hammond s character because
Hammond entrusted him with taking over
the park so there wasn't that that
belligerent one-dimensional angle which
unfortunately was from the Vincent
D'Onofrio right which to me that entire
subplot gotta go corporate felt genetic
modification without the wow factor
they're dinosaurs Wow enough she was
designed to be bigger than the t-rex
what happened to the sibling she ate it
I I don't want to be a cynic I I like
you know there were moments I enjoy
there were clever moments in this like
there's a the part with Vincent
D'Onofrio where he's monologuing he's
doing the the villain monologue and that
sort of subverted and there's a couple
clever moments like that throughout can
I can I say one thing can I make an
example a perfect perfect example okay
there is a scene when Claire and Owen
are searching around in a car trying to
find indominus rex who has escaped and
they they stop and there's a wounded
brontosaurus who's been squat up and
violently clawed up and it was very
similar to the wounded triceratops scene
or not wounded sick Triceratops scene in
the first dress park and they stop and
you've got this wonderful little tender
moment where they kind of comfort it and
it's dying you know and then she sees
that while these are really animals and
it's a nice little moment completely
unnecessary if you're going to look at
it from the perspective that you do
whether i was thinking in the other half
of my brain why wouldn't they just why
the hell would they get out of the car
what are you gonna do to help this
brontosaurus it's really fucking clawed
up are you really going to get out of
your car aren't you just going to look
out the window go oh fuck is calling up
brontosauruses let's keep going but they
stopped and they have a moment logically
it didn't make a lot of sense but to me
it was a good touching moment good
character moment and the film is filled
with a lot of that to me it didn't seem
it didn't seem as as stupid or forced or
cynical or bad as a Michael Bay movie
something's wrong communicating talking
about an animal cure highly intelligent
animal I liked it it felt Spielberg e'en
more so than a JJ Abrams type thing
there there it was like a blend of
Spielberg and an indie director in Indy
character director making a monster
movie to me it seemed like a good blend
where the characters weren't irritating
or obnoxious or no one said stupid
things but at the same time it had those
kind of Spielberg Ian wonderment
moments good good exciting action that
wasn't completely overdone and good
tension good variety of things kids in
the roller ball I thought that was
really neat the the hamster ball yes
they yeah the idea that these set piece
okay the set piece of it we're in a
hamster ball and you're the hamster ball
is designed to go in this enclosure and
roll around and interact with Dinosaurs
but since the monsters out they go
off-road into a forest and then they get
an action scene them inside a low
destructible ball that thinks they're
smashing is exciting and I thought that
was clever look one two three four five
and reminded me a little bit disaster
movie the especially the shot where I
don't know if you noticed this but all
the pterodactyls are attacking everyone
and there's some extra some guy the guy
giving the glances up he runs with his
drinks yeah reminded me of a 70s
disaster movie like oh and then the
movie Cuddy is more of that I think it
would have been more fun to me it was
like that's a great concept like the the
dinosaurs attacking the theme park but
it was such as a minor aspect of the
movie overall
I think to be honest the character I
liked the least was Chris Pratt in in
the realism element I thought he was
funny and kind of you know Han Solo ask
Indiana Jones esque that I think they
were doing a thing there Oh Cheryl
that's Chris Pratt's thing now but he
did be that type of guy and and he's
sort of like I took him as like a
wink-wink character like you know and
there's one point where he's he's riding
a motorcycle with the Raptors and the
one of the kids says your boyfriend's
awesome for a badass you say he's a
badass and I okay he is it just needed
that little like um like guardians of
the galaxy at that little backstory of
his mom with cancer Wow a cassette tape
a mixtape and needed all news that you
needed the the Phoebe Cates Christmas
story every movie needs that you know
yeah his dad dressed up as Santa and got
stuck in the chimney and had rotted in
front of him and that's why he trains
Raptors and that's why I trains Raptors
you need that little moment where
they're they're hiding out and then he
says his backstory and then you go okay
I get him I get you Chris Pratt Glen
said he was he was I'm badass
Owen Thunder guns
stand down hey hey what did I just say
Delta I see you back up okay I think I
think they did a really good job
soft rebooting this and taking the
concept expanding on it making it bigger
but at the same time still raining it in
keeping that that humor the humanity
that fun and blending in action and
adventure all at the same time without
getting too too dumb what does
spider-man say with great power comes
great responsibility and these
filmmakers now have great power yes and
they could make 10 million dinosaurs
doing Michael Bay things and then so
they're like oh god let's not get some
nutjob to direct this who's some indie
director who's done nothing no one's
ever heard us get him dude but on the
other end of that you have Marc Webb who
did the amazing spider-man who started
with an indie movie and he got fucks
Marc Webb is an exception they only
hired him because names mark right there
something I'm missing
no no you're right okay yeah
what is that they're tracking implants
he clawed it out how would it know to do
that
she remembered where they put it in
sergej would recommend Jurassic world
hmm this is a non-defense movie for me
it's like it's not the worst thing ever
I was bored while watching excited
intere about what was happening I wish
there was it expanded more on the theme
park stuff if you if you just want to
see like a fun monster movie I guess it
works on that level I would 100%
recommend it I loved it I loved it more
than what it was I'd have business have
been some of the good films this year
mom and maxi did you love it more than
Mad Max no okay I that's the only movie
that matters anymore you know I want to
say I respect Mad Max more I may have
had more fun watching this okay like Mad
Max was great
obviously it was very well made but I
had more fun watching this I thought
this was a well-oiled movie machine and
I will not will not apologize for that
opinion you don't have to Mouse oh my
god apologize for that opinion that
moment right there had more tension than
anything in Jurassic world
so instead of talking about movies we
should probably be working on a plan to
take back the shop right yep
don't worry J we have all the time in
the world
watch this and they thought time travel
was so hard I got to figure it out right
now what scientists what do they know
you really think you're doing something
don't you
I'm sorry what
