Aug 9, 2015
Fantastic Four
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ol2rzuRDAE
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/630564104068067332
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153082732697634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-fantastic-four

Half in the bag.
Dr. Doom is the top 5 greatest characters to ever come off of a comic book
you know panel he is one of the greatest
characters ever conceived in 20th
centuries and you know well that was
disappointing
yeah after six hours of cleaning up
blood all we wanted to do was see
Mission Impossible rogue nation yeah
who would have thought after three weeks
the movie would still be selling out
they should have just called it
admission impossible that's a good thing
they made a new Fantastic Four movie
plenty of seats left for that oh my god
so many seats but I was still
disappointed though why because the
movie was so terrible no because I was
hoping it was going to be a rerelease of
my favorite 1990s golf training video
Fantastic Four Mike why would movie
theaters in the Year 2015 need to
re-release a Gulf video from the 90s
I don't know J you tell me director Josh
tank brings us a new sci-fi horror film
called Fantastic Four in this new reboot
from nightmare world films
I mean Marvel miles teller stars as
Stretch Armstrong a man made of rubber
for no reason at all and as a kid he
starts building a teleportation machine
for no reason at all then as a slightly
older kid he builds a bigger
teleportation machine and all of his
friends get turned into superheroes on a
planet in another dimension by glowing
green ooze what's the secret of the ooze
only Vanilla Ice knows because he wrote
the scripts Jay what did you think of
Fantastic flop well Mike this Fantastic
Four isn't quite so liked by critics oh
my god I thought you were gonna say
fantastic why would I say
I just I really I didn't I so nobody
likes this movie it was floating around
between a 7 percent and a 10 percent on
Rotten Tomatoes for the past couple days
yes ah critics aside other critic
Society I'm asking you Jay what did you
think a fantastic flop I know I feel
weird trying to decide like discuss it
as a real movie because I felt like I
watched an unfinished movie it felt like
there was giant chunks that were just
torn out it's it's like impossible to
separate this from all the
behind-the-scenes drama at least for me
I don't know how much of that you were
aware of who said the fantastic lie I
was aware of no behind-the-scenes drama
um and so I didn't quite get the feeling
that you had where it was missing chunks
I felt like it was a cohesive movie in
but it was just like I knew it was
fairly straightforward the Tigers and
for the second half when things start
happening and you're like why doctor dr.
doom wants to destroy the world for some
reason he has some sort of vague
superpowers that we don't understand no
no it builds a device to shoot a black
hole under the earth out of rocks
somehow see that okay all that that that
ending was all confusing but it was all
everything was set up and everything
made sense to me cuz the Victor Von Doom
character he's a bit of a misanthrope in
the beginning he's like you know I'm
humanity sucks and bah and then he loves
Sue Storm so there's a little love
triangle thing going on with him and
stretcher Richard Reid Richard Reid
Richard Reid was anything his name's
Reed Richards oh really yeah
is it Richard Reid a movie reviewer I
believe so you know Richard Richard Gere
Richard readers a Richard whoa Richard
Roeper and Reid
Rex Rex read Rex read they go to the the
alternate dimension they get a little
bit of the loose on them actually it's
more complicated than that like rocks
flying into rock man's cabin they all
have something happened to them that
somehow relates to what their eventual
superpower is weird weird weird things
from another dimension give them
superpowers so we don't know what the
ooze is or how it gives them powers but
it does it's a weird dimension that's
all you need to know but it's not even
the use because then when they travel
back to our dimension Sue Storm stayed
behind and she gets hit by some sort of
energy thing the second turn invisible
I'm assuming that that came through the
teleportation from the other world
whatever but Victor von Frankenstein
fell into the who's and was was consumed
by it he got it like a hundred times
worse than everybody else
plus they left him behind on a planet
for a year and so that you know that was
brewing and his motivation I'm angry and
then plus he's been altered by this
stuff he's angry I'm fine the problem is
is that you cannot make a movie from the
Fantastic Four
I want you to meet my daughter sue you
want to be famous
I just want my work to make a difference
John Green this guy doesn't take orders
well yeah especially from people who say
I don't take orders well
don't let a nice lab coats give you any
crap bye well if I do I know who to call
the muscle I gotta say it's fun having
you here really mm-hmm
this one this one is closer to Fantastic
Four of what a Fantastic Four movie
should be because Fantastic Four it
there it's not like worst superhero team
like the Avengers going out to save the
world we're a bunch of scientists and
weird things have happened to us a
similar concept but it's like the the
Jessica Alba Chris Chris Evans one it's
like okay we're gonna quickly go through
the science stuff in the first five
minutes and then the rest of the movie
we've got to save people on this bridge
from Doctor Doom we're we're a superhero
team and they really aren't I think
that's sort of like I don't know much
about the Fantastic Four comic but every
adaptation it always feels like there's
a disconnect between those two elements
the science elements and the superhuman
power elements and it's it's more so
obvious in this version because the
scientists elements are treated so
seriously that it's very bizarre when
they start like stretching limbs and we
have a giant rock monster it feels
completely out of place there's a what
I'm suing was an insert shot early on
when they have a boardroom meeting and
they're flipping through papers and they
go I've sieved brought on Victor Von
Doom because from what I understand Josh
Trank's original version that wasn't his
name it was like Victor something else
because Von Doom sounds silly in the
tone that he was going for with this so
it's like that's silly so yeah there's
like a mishmash of tones that don't work
at all in addition to and you're right
about the character motivations and
stuff being very clear and
straightforward but like the pacing of
the movie is really bizarre and off like
we completely skip over and these are
things I don't care about I think a
general someone who wants to see a comic
book movie would is like they get back
from their mission now they all these
weird superpowers Harden cut to a year
later so we don't see them like learn
how to use their powers we don't we
barely understand what their powers are
and it's just a year later and they're
all doing these different things
yeah that's an it and then doom shows up
in the last 10 minutes of the movie and
says I'm gonna destroy the world now I
guess yeah the this was front-loaded
with backstory pardon the contradiction
which I actually liked a lot of that
there is risk there is sacrifice
there are consequences
the movie starts off okay there's a nice
indicator of what the reshoot stuff is
in in the form of Kate Mara's horrible
wig you should not be thinking of
samurai cop when you watch a 200 million
dollar movie but this is what we got
really for all that money you can't get
a natural wig well they ran out of money
by that point they ran down to the party
supply store
we need a blonde wig we have a Marilyn
Monroe one good enough well straighten
it it's just terrible it's bad but but
it's helpful because I was aware of a
lot of the back-and-forth struggles
between Josh Trank in the studio so
seeing those it's like okay reshoot you
know and especially most of the second
half appears to be reshoots and there's
a couple little moments where you could
tell it wasn't because it was a real
hair that I thought were actually kind
of neat and I wish I could see what the
original version of the movie was
because I see elements in here that
might not work as like a traditional
comic-book movie but I thought the
science stuff was interesting there's
some almost like a horror movie at parts
and I thought that stuff was interesting
dr. doom shows up and he's going down a
hallway and he's using like scanner
power to make people's heads explode I
was like that's creepy and weird and
interesting dr. doom was awesome in this
in some of it and he only decided to
shoot a blue laser for no reason and
then they stopped him somehow well I I I
don't know what reshoots are what the
original josh josh trank ideas were
script Elizabeth from what I understand
his original idea was to do sort of a
science fiction movie with like
Cronenberg type body horror elements
something that is different from from
your average superhero film something
that they don't really expect a hundred
percent beef burger melted cheddar with
crispy hash browns and an egg your way
no that's a
you want that to go again sweetie the
thing burger I had a feeling that doom
comes back and then he gets in the
transporter and he leaves and I thought
I was gonna end there and I'm like
that's great that's a great end thing
I'm happy with it a little bit of a
fight scene in the in the laboratory
yeah he's gone
and then whoa whoa not big enough though
I'm assuming his original version was a
lot more smaller scale I don't know what
it was but you can see hints of it
especially in the first half a lot of
that seems like what was his original
intentions it reminded me a lot of the
fly with Jeff Goldblum well that's sad
going back to chrome donor yeah right
it's just like those teleportation
machines and I'm the and I'm deciding to
take the leap and jump into the
teleportation device themselves after a
night of drinking that's just like the
fly this move like I said this movies
from loaded with an hour of science
stuff and it's not even that intricate
but I think it's more than general
audiences and people looking to see a
comic book movie are going to want to
deal with yeah they want to go we have
got a machine that'll do this okay
thanks yeah they don't want it too they
get to the the superhero stuff get to
them fight in gets a Doctor Doom in the
middle of the street going I'm going to
destroy New York Robo although they fuck
that up in the the Jessica Alba
Fantastic Four - it doesn't work either
way I think so
they keep trying to redo these fantastic
four movies and every time they just get
worse and worse the best one is the
Roger Corman one that wasn't even
intended to be released do they called
me
doc dude how they get technically better
technically better yes but they get less
entertaining the thing costume did a dip
it was great in the Roger Corman version
then it looked terrible Michael Chiklis
in a rubber suit yeah even though the
first one was a rubber suit but it
didn't look like a rubber suit though
the rocks don't wrinkle when he moves
like the Michael Chiklis one yeah and
then this one of course is the the an
appropriate use for a CGI character yeah
okay you look good don't put a guy in a
rubber suit and let you use a CGI
character for that great I think the
problem here is people want to see a
happy witty fun action movie with the
Fantastic Four and for some fucking
reason they went brooding and dark but
it would have worked
ultra brooding and dark as its own thing
yes but the studio panicked and said
don't make it like the Avengers that end
scene oh my god when they when they
they're like the government's like we
want you to work for a still now like
nope here's our deal we want our own
laboratory and we want to be best
friends and then they're all standing
like looking over their lab they're like
oh oh witty banter yeah what should we
call ourselves the Fantastic Four huh I
guess see josh trank like it's tearing
his hair out
I gotta say that's what I was thinking
through most of this movie once I
actually kind of saw what he was
attempting to go for that completely got
fucked over there's a lot of like
stories about him on the set he's like a
horrible asshole and he'd show up drunk
and he trashed his living quarters that
he was in while they're making the movie
like completely destroyed it like he
sounds like a horrible asshole but
watching this movie made me feel really
bad for him Wow you're watching a
coming-of-age story
well you know what it's it's not his
fault it's the studio's fault for hiring
him yes because if this is the that was
the script that they okayed I mean the
guy he made a internet video is that how
we got it Chronicle yes it's like a
footage of a drunken party that's on
someone's video camera and someone
that's taking out lightsabers and
fighting and that's how we got a deal to
make a feature film I think so and then
he made Chronicle and I don't know what
their reasoning for hiring him for this
was other than Chronicle had teenagers
or young people in it and as science
science fictiony element it kind of
becomes a superhero type movie towards
the end so I think that's because they
saw yeah where that's that movie it has
superheroes in it did you just
completely forget what Chronicle was
even about I did it's a good movie I
remember it being blue and having people
in it yeah you hire him to make this
weird science fiction horror film you
let him make the movie and then you fuck
them over in editing and reshoot half
the movie with kate mara in a bad wig
and then dump it in theaters but then
what's your alternative to make a movie
that looks like the Roger Corman movie
where they were in the goofy costumes
with the four on it and they're running
around trying to save the day and that's
what the Jessica Alba one was yeah it
was yeah the Jessica Alba when it's kind
of similar to the Roger Corman one with
just a higher budget as far as how corny
it is but the Roger Corman one has that
low-budget charm that makes it kind of
fun it's that it's a blur that line of
the comic book movies where you can't go
fully realistic sometimes but then you
can't go corny yeah and when you ride
the line in the middle that's when you
end up with with muck well I think yeah
the problem with the Fantastic Four is
all their powers are inherently silly
you have a man who stretches like you
should not try and make a dark gritty
movie like that
it appears what Josh Trank was trying to
do was something that kind of skirted
around those elements or treated them
like freaks or whatever he was trying to
do and then yeah and then yet in all the
superhero stuff and you're just you get
like whiplash yeah what is this movie
going for
and Justin you get like whiplash Justin
you get like whiplash
oh I unintentionally made a whiplash
reference yeah are you gonna get around
to that yeah I did not do that on
purpose I mean that was my goal and I'm
I landed it the whole time I kept
picturing miles teller like playing
these these complicated jazz drums going
ladies playing like another drum set
over here
JK Simmons turns up in a dr. doom
costume and they have a like a drum off
no JK Simmons goes Parker what's wrong
movie everyone's on a fucking superhero
movie you have no idea what they are
planning to do to you listen to me
that's what got me here in the first
place just want to fix my friends I
can't fix this
nobody can you don't know anything about
what's coming what is coming to the end
of your world it's the beginning of mine
well let's talk about miles teller
people say they want to punch him in the
face yes everyone says he has a
punchable face I feel like the best
actors there there are certain roles
that they were born to play and Myles
was born to play this this role like he
is so good Oh God
so boring this character sucks
I liked miles teller and whiplash which
we never talked about whiplash I'm half
from the bag because we haven't seen it
until recently and it's like the best
movie of last year it's fucking great
who's better than Birdman I'll say that
under Advanced Mode Nightcrawler it's
it's probably the best movie of last
year and I like him I think you know
he's not like I don't know he's not like
super handsome I like that he doesn't
look he's not like a Chris Evans like
the type of person you would put in one
of these movies yeah
and they don't have them be the classic
Reed Richards with the grey and you know
like how he looks in the comic book they
have a little did a little different
twist on it although on the poster they
try to make him look more attractive in
the poster and I always have noticed
like more so like I think they they they
stretched his face out no pun intended
and like
added thicker eyebrows and I'm looking
at the rid of his scars they got ya they
tried to make him look like like a
attractive guy in the poster so probably
so they could get the the girl demo in
there and he looked doesn't look like
that in real life there's some some
noticeable differences between the
heavily photoshopped I've done that the
other actor got he looked really bad the
guy who plays the thing really needs
some lotion like he looks like he's made
of rocks oh I think that was a visual
effects what so kate mara is the sister
of Rooney Mara oh really
and I'm wondering if they had a
competition too because I saw the
trailer for that Peter Pan movie would
kick with Rooney Mara and a big comical
wig and I wonder if they had a
competition to see who could pick the
most embarrassing project to work on I
play Sue Storm she's pretty shy very
smart and very passionate about science
and she becomes the Invisible Woman
I agree with you the Doctor Doom coming
back was like genuinely frightening like
he's pretty scary you super powerful
they exploding people's heads as awesome
and as graphic as you can in a pg-13
movie yeah and like when the thing is is
like we're right away when they have
their powers and miles teller strapped
to the table and it's like weird and
then he's in the air shaft and then the
things like her help moves I'm trying to
pull himself out of the axe and yeah is
he's like still kind of forming and it's
really kind of grotesque and scary and
yeah little kids will not enjoy this
film whatsoever it's boring for adults
yeah but for me I in a way I kind of
liked it in the way that you did where
it's like I like a lot of the elements I
liked the tone the strange darkness to
it it worked as a movie just not a
Fantastic Four movie or not a superhero
movie well I wouldn't know because then
you get to the second half where you get
to all the the goofier stuff it's not
the second half is more so is the last
tenth you know what I mean it's hard to
figure out what to do with them yeah
like what do you do with the Fantastic
Four you have to make a movie about them
luring science and physics and weird
astral phenomenon no that's not what you
should do if you're trying to make a
conventional comic book movie though you
have them get shot into space in the
first 15 minutes of the movie and they
come back and they have superpowers and
they save people although all those
stuff like him building the machine I'm
setting the monkey in to the other
dimension and it was all very there was
one thing I was thinking - is like are
they all going to get in the machine and
go isn't that the job for like Navy
pilots you know like astronauts but I
was connecting that point in the movie
well they at one point they did say that
they were NASA's gonna take over from
here I know but like the fact that they
were so upset by that and then they get
drunk if they were pocket we're just
gonna do it as like at that point it's
like they're driven by ego which makes
you not sympathize with them at all who
wouldn't want to visit another dimension
that looks like a nightmare planet
Doctor Doom like that nightmare planet
for some reason I want to go back to my
beautiful new homeworld
you got covered you got corrupted by goo
and we all know when you have a
mysterious goo in a movie that does
terrible evil things that it's a
surefire hit at the box office
I was actually thinking of Prometheus
when they get to the the other world cuz
they start acting like dummies for no
reason
it's like if you're on some mysterious
other dimension and you see a giant pile
of green electric goo don't immediately
stick your hand in it you have no idea
what the fuck this is it's like in
Prometheus one there's a little snake
monster and the guy puts his face right
up to it like why are you doing this so
don't go rappelling down a two-mile high
cliff yes maybe take take a step out of
your pod look around and say alright bye
plant your flag taking a couple of
pictures here maybe take some scientific
measurements soil samples atmospheric
readings sure and then go this is what
it's like there I'll take your face in
green goo there's yeah and if you do
want to touch the green goo use an
instrument you know you're like the
thing that ray Stantz stuck into the
river of slime there's there's better
science and ghostbusters than there
wasn't Fantastic Four
some how many years it would take to get
to another planet that has a bunch of
stuff that we could meet that we can use
to help you know the elements that I
like so we're not followed through on so
it's not it didn't appeal to me it won't
appeal to fans of the Fantastic Four
because they change so much of the
backstory and the the tone of it is all
wrong and it won't appeal to general
audiences I just want to see a Marvel
Avengers Titan movie or little kids oh
and definitely want to feel the little
kids so it ends up being a movie for
nobody I didn't hate it I attempted to
say it doesn't deserve a lower on
tomatoes score than fucking pixels but
at the same time it's a frustrating
movie that you can't recommend to anyone
really five-year-olds at least will
enjoy pixels because it's colorful and
you can understand it's happening yeah
this movie should have had the tone and
the writing of like a guardians of the
galaxy where you do like Reed Richards
doing wacky things or or you take a
chance and you really commit to the
weird science horror movie which you
know they didn't do that either it's one
way or the other I can't believe they
even greenlit that it's crazy to me
haven't even tried I almost I don't
think we'll ever get any sort of
directors cuts or or any sort of
alternate version but I would be very
curious to see what it was originally
supposed to be but even even
entertaining that notion I could see
doing it with something like I don't
know like what a big comedy heavy Lobo
you know
not a giant tent pole well-known yes the
fantastic for everyone thinks of is you
know the rock man the thing like
stretchy man invisible girl and the
Human Torch they're all inherently wacky
and then they wear the goofy costumes
with the four on it and you can't make a
dark gritty David Cronenberg body horse
you could and maybe you could do it
successfully
because stranger things have happened
well that that's why I'm wondering what
this originally was because I can see
elements or it might have worked but
we'll never know let's drink to Josh
Trank
but they're gonna need a Josh
tranquilizer during this film so Mike
would you recommend not so Fantastic
Four huh keep your kids far away but I
didn't hate it I couldn't hate it
there were like you said there are
elements in it that were well done the
acting is is blandest fuck came our
looks bored
except for tim heidecker's performance
which i thought was brilliant but
everyone else in the movie Bob
especially the man boy oh yeah it
actually gets deeper as the movie goes
along so Jay I don't need to ask you
what would you recommend fantastic form
fantastic fraud oh no I can't I like you
I didn't hate it but at the same time
it's such a like a muddled mess that I
don't I I can't recommend it to anyone
really other than not as definitely not
as a movie but maybe is just like an
artifacts an oddity like the Roger
Corman film like the Roger Corman film
but yeah I certainly wouldn't recommend
supporting in theaters this should just
rereleased the Roger Corman film I would
love that if that got an official
release we do the visual of
don't know don't change the visual
effects the Human Torch at the end is
the best part he's flipping around in
front of the laser I was surprised that
some of the effects in there or fairly
passable huh yeah it had that low-budget
charm which this movie is not low-budget
and has no charm that's right sir mm-hmm
I understand you want to watch your
Night Court tape as soon as possible
all right we'll be there soon thanks mr.
Plunkett goodbye who was that that was
mr. Plunkett Oh Jay get your snow gear
on we're heading up to mr. plinkus house
to fix his VCR again fixes VCR we're
doing that again mm-hmm why do I need
snow gear because his house is on top of
the fucking mountain I was freezing cold
Oh are we still doing that and remember
his house is on the mountain I know I
thought maybe we just skip past that
