Dec 7, 2015
Krampus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOGTeOpzr7A
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/673891361481969664
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153290241147634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-krampus

Half in the bag.
Fuck movies.
Jay I can't do it anymore
I can't watch this fucking movie anymore
you know if I had a gun and two bullets
I would use them both on me to make sure
it didn't fail I just can't watch
fucking Rhinestone again I just can't
hey Mike I just thought of something
what's up we came up here to fix mr.
plinkus VCR right yes genius what about
it well clearly it's working because
we've watched Rhinestone on it 12 times
now oh my god yeah you're right it has
power and everything anna has a gigantic
red bow on it well that's odd how did
you not notice that when you put the
tape in the first place or every
subsequent time when you were wounded
and hit play again hey there's a note on
this huh to plank it from Santa I'm
Santa
oh my god I think it must be really
losing his mind up here oh shit you see
let's pick it up hello mr. Plunkett oh
hey guys oh you're here yep well that
means you can get to work fixing my VCR
oh we will right after we drink these
beers hey you should be careful out
there it's very cold outside you don't
even have a proper winter coat on oh I
was just up my new best friend's house
Kris Kringle he lives on the other side
of the mountain not a big place lots of
little people running around making toys
it's wife's kind of a bitch though
actually I just stopped by here for a
minute
hmm
that's not a justification for him not
wearing a winter coat though it's not it
doesn't make any sense he's gonna get
the frost yeah first asked me to bring
him some milk and cookies I have a weird
request Oh get back to work
no yeah yeah we're gonna start work on
this real soon here oh god it's so
fucking cold J it sounds like he's
talking about Santa Claus sure does but
I thought Santa lived at the North Pole
well Santa doesn't live anywhere because
he's not real he's not well who's been
giving me coal all these years hey
speaking of Santa have you seen Krampus
it's the most wonderful time of E with
the kids
over
looks like Martha Stewart threw up in
here this is delicious honey a little
dry well mine's delicious
mine's dry you want to trade Krampus is
the story of max a young boy that looks
just like the other max from that
classic film how I saved the president
in this film max accidentally unleashes
the demonic spirit Krampus onto his
dysfunctional family on Christmas Eve
who is Krampus you ask why he's the star
of endless direct-to-video garbage films
Mike what did you think of crampons
crampons why I have a cramp uns and my
ligand what's running mentioned max
because we just had max landis on a show
and Max was the lead character in How I
saved the president's dog and he looked
just like this character named max in
this film who was confirmed for Jumanji
yes so there's three little boys with
with brown hair that all are named max
and speaking of little boys the director
of this film was the protege of Brian
singer who directed such as films of
x-men x-men - what does this have to do
with little boy I don't know anyway um
about Krampus and Max and Jumanji this
is what kind of like Jumanji where
things come to life right I would say
the goosebumps movie that recently came
out is more like Jumanji well whatever
actually that's a good comparison
because Jumanji I saw that goosebumps
trailer I was like cuz thinking at first
like there's not enough what I call
gateway horror movies anymore like pg-13
they're dark they're not like like
kid-friendly they're a little dark
there's some violence they're a little
extreme but younger audiences can see
them and then it can sort of maybe segue
them into like other horror movies
they're their movies like that anymore
so I saw that goosebumps trailer and I
was like Oh Gus bumps you know I was
kind of after my time but it's like oh
if they make this like a horror
anthology film this might be a good
gateway movie but then it's just Jumanji
and Jack Black acting silly
Krampus though is a great gateway movie
when you said gateway I was thinking of
the gate like well that's a gateway
horror film
it's a perfectly scary me as a kid
because of the little eyeball in his
hand I bought on the hand and little
creatures in the hole hmm I was scared
of holes in the ground ever since then
yeah Krampus is great
in fact I loved it and it might have
been my favorite film this year wow
that's pretty intense I also loved it
but I can't go that far first of all I
want to say this film is is Academy
Award material in terms of set design
and sound design creature design the
snow and the winter in this was amazing
yeah and the sound design was amazing
particularly that like everything in it
um from from the sound of the Krampus
and the creaking and it was really like
the soundtrack was really rich doesn't
there's a constant like ambient wind
noise yeah it it's really pronounced and
really really well done and everything
else like the creature designs like you
said there is a bunch of toys that come
to life three stages of terror it's
always that come to life
elves and then Krampus himself yes and
it's amazing how we're gonna survive
Christmas with 12 people stuck in a
house with no heat and no electricity or
food there's plenty of leftovers Howard
beer it is well let's start with the
story confirmed for Jumanji plays max
the low 90s kid in movies who is back in
this film 90s kid actor is bad my knees
kid actor is back um a starry-eyed
little child who is the center of the
movie is back the whole movie I was
trying to figure out who he was it's
like why do I recognize him and you had
mentioned he looks just like Max from
confirmed from Jumanji but I realized
afterwards he was also Jon Favreau's kid
in the movie chef mmm-hmm he's a good
kid actor I like that movie chef and
he's really good murdered at the Michael
dirty the guy had directed this he has
an eye for kid actors because
trick-or-treat has a lot of really good
child performances - yeah but this it
starts off it feels a lot like National
Lampoon's Christmas vacation where you
know you have this nicer family and they
have a nice Christmas and then the crazy
in-laws
and they are all wacky white trash and
Lomax is upset his uh I guess cousins
are making fun of them so max writes a
letter to Santa
wishing for his family to love each
other again and eventually he rips it up
he gives up he loses his hope in the
holiday spirit throws the letter out the
window and that's what summons the
Krampus which is the evil version of
Saint Nick he's they call him st.
Nicholas's shadow so he's essentially a
demon Santa Claus esque demon and a Sun
German folklore yeah this is an old folk
legend so for whatever reason in the US
and the last I don't know five years or
so is kind of risen up like I never even
heard of Krampus until a few years ago
and now it seems like he's everywhere it
reminded me of that episode of The
Office when Dwight comes as as a
Christmas a German Christmas legend
that's similar to Santa Claus mm-hmm
so I guess there's a lot of German
Christmas stories out there they got all
sorts of fucked up Lord
so we're saying no cars no people how
long can this keep ugh
we heard something on the roof how's
this
so david koechner is in the film uh yeah
this great cast I thought Koechner uh
what's-his-name Packard's Todd Packer
Todd Packard on the office sort of a
toned down version of his normal stick
he's not quite as over-the-top yeah
which is one of the things I really
loved about this movie is that it's it's
comedic but I don't even think I'd even
call it a horror comedy there's comedic
elements but it's more like the humor
comes from situations and the characters
and some of the just the fact the stuff
is so weird and silly but it's played
straits
yeah a lot of especially a lot of more
modern horror comedies or movies like
this they would play up the camp penis
of it and this doesn't really do that so
like David Koechner he's sort of
realistic in a lot of ways he's a little
more believable than the type of
character he usually plays yeah it felt
like a movie straight out of the 80s
like we were taught we reviewed turbo
kid yeah that was a good film it did
feel like an 80s revival film though
this fills feels like a film that was
made in the 80s like they found a script
in a drawer and dusted it off and it was
from 1982 sure I don't know and if
you're tired of wearing out your Betamax
copies of gremlins now you got Krampus
it'll give you the same feelings yeah so
I'm watching it and and I'm thinking
this might be a perfect movie it there's
barely anything in it that I didn't like
sure and and to me that's a perfect
movie ghostbusters - Ghostbusters
gremlins a lot diehard but of the 80s
Christmas kind of action horror movies
came to mind where it didn't feel
tainted by a lot of the trappings of
modern-day movies and especially the the
the fact that they're all practical
puppets and characters and creatures
yeah there's some CG like there's a
little killer gingerbread man those are
CG lots of yeah killer puppets
the look of Krampus himself was great it
reminded me a lot of
like Jim Henson stuff like the Dark
Crystal or labyrinth or something like
that
you never really see Krampus his face I
thought that was great he's got like a
human skin mask over his real face right
you see us you see his eyes underneath
yeah very captain shadow and yes and
he's big and intimidating it's never
like haha silly Krampus movie like the
horror elements are treated seriously
even when it's a killer
teddy bear with big giant teeth yeah or
that clown or the clown the clown in the
jack-in-the-box clown if they're demons
disguised as Christmassy things which is
neat like there's something about them
like the clown mask opens up which
you've seen on the trailer and it
reveals like all these like monster
teeth underneath there's something
really horrifying underneath that that
eats people right but it's never shown
it's under this like Christmas facade
and that I thought all that was like
really clever yeah a lot of like heck
critics like to use the expression
instant classic and I'm not going to use
that to describe this but I will say
that from now on this is going to be a
lot of weirdos favorite Christmas movie
st. Nicholas is not coming this year
instead a much darker ancient spirit
those are hos elk or go kind of goat
walks on its hind legs
his name is Krampus
you
well I I was looking forward to for a
couple reasons one I really liked
Michael Daugherty's last movie trick or
treat
that's like the the perfect Halloween
movie it just captures the spirit of
Halloween better than any movie ever has
and it has a similar tone to this did
you see trick-or-treat is that the movie
with gene Simmons but I also really love
Christmas horror movies which there's a
lot of shitty ones but you take what you
can get Silent Night deadly night twos
like the funniest movie ever made
but the fact that this is like it's
amazing that this movie exists that it's
like a big-budget like studio released
Christmas horror film that isn't campy
or isn't like pandering that's pg-13 but
has children die doesn't pander to kids
even though it is a pg-13 movie like
movies like this don't get made anymore
and this should be celebrated no one
gets ripped apart or it's not gory it's
more like Willy Wonka scary where that's
nice to give this light here but no one
actually gets killed right I mean that's
what I was thinking it was like I'm not
like I desensitized all this shit so
it's not scary to me but to like a 12
year old 13 year old age you know a
younger age like watching when I was a
kid watching gremlins for the first time
like I'm not scared of that movie now
but as a kid oh yeah that's some rough
stuff this would be very scary for a
twelve-year-old absolutely it's one it
would be one of those movies and this
movie's an anomaly I think this there's
a stigma attached and that's probably
why it won't do good in the box office
because people go out you know Krampus
they don't get that it's it's it's a
wink-wink kind of thing and you've we've
had too many films like Jack Frost
oh sure not the Michael Keaton film but
the one with the killer snowman where I
was kind of expecting a movie I mean
half and half I was kind of expecting a
movie where the Krampus comes in and
kills so it's killing people I knew they
wouldn't do that
so I'm pleasantly surprised or happy
that it was a clever movie yeah and not
just Krampus is here he's going to start
killing everyone like and then we have
to kill Krampus I saw some other Krampus
movies that were like that let's talk
about those now yeah just this year
alone there's been this is now my fourth
Krampus movie I made a self-imposed
projects of watching other Krampus
movies released this year leading up to
this one and one of them was called
Krampus The Reckoning
which you also you watch some of right I
actually watch a different movie by
Dondre Interop - called Krampus the
revenant no I hear Krampus gets raped by
a bear in that movie yeah yes I think
sort of a back story okay he was going
for something you know Leo Leonardo
DiCaprio plays young Krampus okay and
then he goes on to become the legendary
Krampus but yeah it's more of a prequel
I always wanted to know the backstory of
Krampus mmm-hmm the story behind the
story
I also attempted what you did can I can
I guess how long into the movie you got
before shutting it off I'm gonna guess
nine minutes oh I don't know the exact
number but I would say about ten or
eight because nine minutes is exactly
when the Krampus first shows up
it looked like a film that was shot 15
years ago
yeah and that they masked for widescreen
cutting off the tops of people's heads
yeah that was interesting it's like they
masked it to a different aspect ratio
but they didn't adjust the frame yeah
and so a little girl has a voodoo doll
or something and then just horrible step
parents that want to have sex so they
lock her in her bedroom with a padlock
and then she says I wish Krampus would
come I guess she has a little doll with
handcuffs on it and she takes the
handcuffs off and that unleashes Krampus
because that's how the legend goes yeah
and then Krampus comes and when he shows
up he's like like a CGI monster from
1992
this is this is shit it's it's just
terrible and nothing happens for the
entire rest of the movie Krampus doesn't
show up until the very end again the
rest of it is just scene after scene of
these bad actors talking it's it's it's
not worse though than Krampus the
Christmas devil and this one it's
another shot on video horrible looking
movie released this year reminded me a
lot of a lenka Basinski movie without
any of the charms of those and this one
Krampus is a guy in a robe with a
Halloween mask and the mask the mouth
never moves except for one shot where
you see it opening and closing and you
can see the guy's face in the inside of
the mouth I did watch one ok Krampus
movie though called a Christmas Horror
Story also released this year ok and
it's kind of its kind of like
trick-or-treat where it's an anthology
of all these different little situations
happening on the same night and this one
it's Christmas two of the stories are
kind of uninteresting but the one with
Krampus in it is ok Krampus looks pretty
good it's like a big muscled guy who's
painted white he has like a big goat
head on him but the other story of the
the one that was really entertaining was
it took place in the North Pole it was
Santa Claus and he's about to get ready
to go out to deliver all the kit all the
toys to the kids and his elves get
infected with the zombie virus so Santa
Claus
trapped on the North Pole just murdering
elves left and right and then Krampus
shows up at the very end of that and
it's Santa Claus versus Krampus and that
was pretty good part of me part of me
hoped that that Santa Claus would answer
Max's wish and show up at the end and
fight Krampus man that would be too
silly for Krampus for this movie they
would have it was fine for a Christmas
Horror Story but I loved that Krampus
did not go campy mm-hmm at no point was
it you can say it's tongue-in-cheek but
it's not like within the movie or there
like constantly wink winking it melts
played as seriously as it needs to be
and it's just great Krampus also had one
of my favorite things in movies
when there are characters that are gun
nuts and everyone makes fun of them for
being gun nuts until shit hits the fan
and everyone needs those guns a la
tremor tremor is exactly yeah that
popped in my brain because tremors of
course is a perfect movie as well
tremors is pretty and there there is a
one of the creatures is under the snow
and moving around exactly like the
tremor does and there is even tremor
vision yeah as it goes around and
they're they're shooting the shotguns at
it and and that's that stuff that scene
when Michael Gross and Reba McEntire
annihilate the tremor at their arsenal
of weapons is awesome and this this kind
of reminded me of that where that tone
is is exactly perfect it's that gremlins
tremor Ghostbusters tone where it's some
realistic kind of scary stakes but fun
likable characters on a plot that moves
along and is is clever and inventive and
it doesn't get stale but I thought of
the Mist a little bit too like when they
wander outside yeah like in the mist
it's of course you can't see five feet
in front of you because of mist here
it's because of snow but it still has
that same like we're outside but it's
still claustrophobic kind of thing yeah
yeah so I love that we're mentioning
lots of movies that it reminds us of but
the nice thing is it's not like it just
feels like it's ripping off scenes from
other movies yeah that's a good point it
feels like its own original unique movie
and but at the same time harkens back
and is reminiscent of a lot of movies
that both of us loved natl Living Dead a
little bit them like hold on oh yes duh
I don't think this is intentional but
demonic toys the classic 90s
direct-to-video charles van film because
there's a jack-o-lantern than that and
the teddy bear mmm a lot of those 80s
and early 90s movies that a unique idea
that's not something else rehashed
that's original that hits its tone
perfectly but at the same time also has
amazing sound a well cast movie and and
really neat-looking practical monster
props
that there that are really great looking
and I think interesting designs for them
interesting designs of that those that
neighborhood I'm I think I saw kind of
elements a green screen here and there
but the houses I I'm assuming they
weren't it was in a full-scale block
that they covered in this like oh no I'm
sure it was all computer enhanced but
the look of the outside during the
snowstorm was just like pretty epic at
it's like apocalyptic yeah it was really
good can we make a plea right now for if
anyone's watching this that is in the
power to do this because there's going
to be eventually there will be a
gremlins movie well don't need one but
it'll happen it'll either be a remake or
it'll be one of those the new trend of
making a reboot disguised as a sequel
well Zack Galligan is confirmed
confirmed for in firms that Galligan
yeah and he says that it will take place
30 years later and then it will be a
direct sequel it will be a third one
technically I don't be a reboot
disguised as a sequel that's what
everybody does now well it'll just be
called gremlins exact Galligan in it
just so the fanboys don't get too pissy
about it but it'll basically just be a
reboot he'll be he'll be a father with a
young son and he gives him the Mogwai
and then I will be the exact same
fucking story
exactly but since it's going to happen
even if it shouldn't can we just can can
you please just hire
Krampus director Michael Dougherty to
make it because everyone else is gonna
fuck it up
it's Christmas nothing Bad's gonna
happen on Christmas well I guess we
should get back to work fixing the VCR
like the VCR isn't broken we already
went through all this oh well I guess we
should get back to work breaking the VCR
so that we can get back to work fixing
the VCR okay
you
Hey
ah well Jay it looks like we've secured
another six to twelve months of
paychecks Cheers
ha ha ha all that Chris oh he's such a
wacky guy hello right
oh hi mr. blanket oh hey guys yeah I was
just telling my new friend Kris Kringle
about you you didn't tell him I've been
naughty did you oh no I told him you
guys really like movies constrictors
chewy dunes we've been talking about him
for like life but I love it and because
Chris is such a super generous guy he
used his special satellite dish to steal
a whole bunch of New Hollywood movies
Jane I think Santa Claus is pirating
movies Mike so to entice you guys to
work faster I had them put them on a
bunch of VHS tapes let's see we got
Alvin and the Chipmunks road chip many
of these they made now concussion rush a
ride along to was there right along one
who do they ride along with I know
Zoolander choo and the nut job too
is this a porno well it's an early one
because they've made up two nutjobs 17
I've seen them all why I thought he said
new movies what what do we what did you
say what let's just move on shall we
uh-huh well I think that's everything
what no hateful a the revenues or Hail
Caesar the new Coen Brothers movie that
looks like the most Coen Brothers movie
that the Coen brothers have ever Cowen's
yeah no oh wait no this there's one last
one in here something called Star Wars
The Force awakens
well shit
