Nov 28, 2015
Creed and Victor Frankenstein
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQ9GseSRcUU
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/670676528473206784
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153276541982634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-creed-and-victor-frankenstein

Half in the bag.
I'm filled with more gas than the Hindenburg.
whoo oh man it's
cold out there
yeah well somehow the electricity is
still on mr. blanket mr. blanket hello
we're here doesn't look like he's here
well he called us to come up and fix his
fucking VCR he better be here yeah we
should just sit down and wait for him to
get back all right hmm
wonder where it went well what do you
say we talk about some feature films oh
sure I just saw the Martian I would love
to talk about that oh you know I haven't
had a chance to see that because we can
talk about that one then no I did see
Sicario though oh I heard that's great
did you see it no I haven't seen that
one yet so I guess we can't talk about
Sicario either yeah all the best
reviewed movies of the year well we're
bound to come up with a movie that we
bolt seen what about the new James
Bourne film Spectre its Spectre the
newest and greatest action-packed James
Bond film to date although I haven't
seen it yet that's just what I heard oh
but I did see something that just came
out The Hunger Games Mockingjay part 2 I
think oh I haven't seen that I haven't
even seen the last two Hunger Games
Movies remember when we saw the first
one and we liked it everybody gave us
shit I didn't see one after that I
didn't see the new penis movie you know
the no penis movie with uh you know
Charlie Brown Hall and droopy Snoopy and
you know the Charles shits film hey he
where he wrote those erotic comics why
are you laughing
I don't understand what's so fucking
funny nothing you know a little Linus
he's the penis he has a very little
penis
I'm sorry they caught a cock well I know
there is one movie that we both saw that
everybody's just dying to check out
Victor Frankenstein Oh another film
called Creed
you're not built for this these boys
come in here they got a fight for life
people die in the ring your daddy died
in the ring I'll know him I got nothing
do with me
Creed stars Michael B Jordan as Adonis
Creed illegitimate son of the late
Apollo Creed in the film
Adonis begins a journey to follow in his
dad's footsteps of becoming the best at
getting repeatedly punched in the face
while also wanting to step out of his
dad's shadow and become his own man that
gets repeatedly punched in the face to
accomplish his goals he seeks the
guidance of Rocky Balboa who trains
Adonis using his wisdom of also getting
repeatedly punched in the face Mike what
did you think of Creed I liked it a lot
I didn't want to see it at all Mike had
no interest in seeing this movie despite
the fact that it's getting great reviews
I don't care I just say you don't care
about rock I don't care about rocky I
saw rocky a long time ago I know rock I
haven't seen any rocky sequels even one
where he fights the Russian that's the
most awesomest why I fights a big
Russian all I know is rocky just he just
his his shtick is he gets punched in the
face all the time and just keeps
fighting right well in shikha's Eddie's
he's a lovable dumb guy and he he's a
big lumbering dummy with a heart of gold
he's just he is more brain damage than
Joe Biden
yes exactly um yeah so it's like okay I
think we should call this episode
everything that's old is new again is
that the saying right because I'm kind
of sitting there and I'm just like all
right you know the these two movies that
we saw Victor Frankenstein and Creed are
very like similar where it's like
master-apprentice kind of thing like
Frankenstein and Igor and then Creed and
rocky and then you know and then it's
Ennis or Frankenstein rehash rocky
rehash and and so like yeah I especially
I looked at the running time of this
movie two hours and 14 minutes and I'm
like I don't want to do this I don't
want to just watch a boxing movie and
the
length of the movie was intimidating to
me and while watching it I thought well
okay
this could be trimmed out this can be
trimmed out this could be trimmed out
but in hindsight and getting towards the
end I felt the length worked to its
advantage actually there was enough like
breathing room and and build-up and the
it was actually a really wonderfully
edited movie who despite the fact that I
kept thinking that it needed more
editing in comparison to Victor
Frankenstein which which felt kind of a
choppy mess we'll get into that later
but very very simple story your your
intro was probably very appropriate to
the fact where I didn't quite fully get
the motivation of Creed jr. other than
just kind of him finding his path and
his path happened to be living up to his
father or something we're stepping out
of the shadow of his father that was a
little a little questionable as far as
which way it was supposed to be going
because they kind of say both multiple
times it was a brilliant idea it's a
brilliant way to well I'll say first off
I was coming at this from a completely
different angle than you this was one of
my most anticipated movies of the year
maybe people would expect this but I'm
actually a huge fan of rocky the sequels
get increasingly Dumber but I love the
original movies I'm a big fan of rocky
road
I think the first movies a great movie I
think Rocky Balboa is a great movie that
was intended to be the the wrap-up to
the series and also redeemed the series
because five is bad and everybody hates
it would you consider this a reboot of
rocky and no no because it actually the
thing I liked about it is how much
respect it pays for the other movies
even like I said they get really dumb
Rocky for its entertaining as hell
because it's one of the dumbest movies
ever rocky in space that's rocky fights
the Russian that's rocky defeats
communism by boxing well wrong but
that's the one where Apollo Creed eyes
look that's a Ronald Reagan the audience
Green no it's an old dipper and the
Russian audience hates Rocky because
they're Russian but then rocky wins the
fight so then they love him and they
love America now it's the worst it's the
dub is like wow that sounds great but at
the begin of that movie Dolph Lundgren
is the big Russian guy and he's the one
who kills Apollo Creed and now this one
is trying to get back to the tone of the
original rocky very sort of grounded and
realistic but it has to but it doesn't
still makes a point of respecting the
series as a whole entry in all his Canon
so they mentioned Apollo dying in the
ring unfortunately they don't show
flashbacks to that movie because that
would be a sharp contrast well III not
having seen the other Rocky movies I was
assuming that it was rocky that punched
Apollo Creed to death
known as they don't even mention the
Russian they're like you and they dating
Rocky they rightfully skim over it
no no Rocky is rocky and Apollo fight in
the original movie they have a rematch
in the second movie and then they become
friends in the third movie okay it's the
famous scene in the third movie where
they're frolicking in the water together
in slow motion and it's just so romantic
it's trying to question why you like
these films
it wasn't what I was implying I was
implying her into water sports his
pictures from the tint amount on the
first flight right I heard about a third
fight between you and Apollo behind
closed doors
that's true
how do you know all this I'm a son so
yeah this one does a good job of paying
respects to the previous movies isn't
the first one not written by Stallone
Stallone directed most of the other ones
except for the first and the fifth one
so it's always been his series and it's
kind of what's kept me liking Stallone
all these years because he's made tons
and tons of terrible movies but he gets
a pass because of rocky because it's
such a great movie and a great character
and a real sort of avatar for him like
each movie that's it's an interesting
franchise in that like each movie sort
of represents where Stallone was in his
life in his career at the time and each
one reflects like like the fifth one
stones a wash up he's a loser now and
that's where he was in his career at the
time the fourth one news fueled by ego
so the movies like superficial and dumb
and he's not even the same character
anymore and now we have this movie where
we have this young director Ryan Coogler
I think his his name is something like
that he directed a really great movie
called Fruitvale station and I was like
his first movie and then this movie is
sort of his step up and that's younger
person coming in and sort of propping up
Rocky slash Stallone and reminding
himself and an audience that he can be
great when he wants to be I think we
talked about this slightly before where
we felt like older actors not
necessarily older actors now but actors
from the previous generation always have
that charisma and new actors are all
bland yes
and that Michael B Jordan III he's very
very good in this movie he's a fine
actor but he just he's you know you
don't have that thing like it cuz I I
don't give a fuck about boxing I don't
really care about sports movies but I
I've always loved rocky I've loved the
character let's love Stallone's
performance when Stallone's on the
screen and when Stallone is talking it's
captivating about stuff in the movie
Michael B Jordan is little he's just
like I'm after man I'm boring actor man
he's got a little more charisma than
like miles teller negative his Fantastic
Four co-star well you know what that's
interesting because I was
miles teller was running through my
brain a little all right miss Murray
yeah because the Fantastic Four
connection and those two were also in
like a dude bro movie with Zac Efron
like oh yeah yeah I think it was called
dude bro movie I don't know I and and
the there were shades admittedly very
pale shades of whiplash towards the end
where it kind of followed that same sort
of narrative of you know the the trihard
and I got to do this thing and the
ending of this movie and and the whole
boxing match and that that's why I liked
the length of two hours and 14 minutes
was because it was a nice build-up to
that
oh sure um it was like the trench battle
at the end of Star Wars you know it's
like that's what it's leading up to
right that's what it is they go 12
rounds and it's well shot there's a lot
of long takes in this and I wanted to
bring up the first boxing match where
he's like doing it professionally yeah
all one shot gets higher match and it's
flying around them it gets comes in for
close-ups I think there are some wise
I'm clever cuts there's probably hidden
cuts but it looks like one continues
take and it has this energy that makes
it exciting because you never really
care about the boxing in these movies
right it was this is good it was the it
was the shooting and then the use of
music as well there was a part where the
music ramps up and you know that's what
like sports movies and stuff that like
as opposed to an action movie the the
use of music is always kind of like
where do you put it with this and then I
hit it at the right moment and then
there's a part where the lighting kind
of changed a little and I went dark and
and I really thought like the energy the
pacing the way it was shot everything
was pretty well done and it was it was
giving me slight flashbacks to the end
of of whiplash but oh sure had me
nowhere near it's not whiplash it's not
whiplash but it was it was close and so
it was okay all right this movie's all
right by me took a while to get to this
point I was like I was like a little
toddler who didn't want to sit down a
dinner you're you're kicking your feet
in the aisle I was literally dragging
you into the theater only in your milk
cartons around yeah just spitting up all
over myself throwing my toys and then by
the end I was sucking on my pacifier and
watching the film going I enjoyed it the
TV
let's chase for Gandhi
like you can delay
if you think the love interest in this
was tacked on in lame that was the one
aspect of the movie I really didn't like
I remember you leaned over to me because
Michael B Jordan you know he lives in LA
go to the opposite of rocky and that
he's successful young businessman and he
decides to quit and leave that all
behind and become a professional boxer
so he goes to Philadelphia to be trained
by rocky moves into his apartment first
night in his apartment hears loud music
downstairs second I heard that music
yeah he starts to go down to tell him
turn on the music and you just leaned
over you're like here comes the love
interest and there she was it was like
the most conventional thing I mean I
know it's a sports movie it's a rocky
movie like people kind of expect certain
cliches but there's nothing cliched
about the romance in the original rocky
I think if that movie were made today
people would think Adrian is some sort
of like mental disorder they think she's
slow that's how they would interpret it
yeah
it's charming and it's sloppy and it's
great and in this movie it's just like
love interests
now they go on date she was a love
interest who made terrible music yeah
and and also have a degenerative hearing
problem which men eventually she was
going to ironically go deaf mm-hmm and
then they never brought that up again
yeah her whole character felt like
needless and tacked on in this movie
because it's really about rocky and it's
about Donna's Creed them not really
having anyone else in their lives and
forming their own little units and the
sort of time urging each other to fight
and be strong right right next was
really touching not really well done I
like the part there's a part where he
gets into a fight at the music club
where she's she's about to do this big
show and she's like fuck off like she
takes out her hearing aids yeah and then
she leaves them and then it cuts they in
the next shot as him like trying to open
the door and there's this theme of like
him just being unwanted because it
starts with him in like a boy's home or
like juvenile hall and he's getting into
fights and that you know the dad died
Luke Apollo Creed wasn't his fault you
know he died before his born and then so
he's always been in foster homes and bla
bla bla bla so there's this theme of
people leaving him and if she had been
like not by his side the whole movie and
kind of turned on him
midway through I thought that might have
been a nicely because it had a little
warm and fuzzy vibe towards the end that
I thought it might have needed a little
bit more better dose of reality like
yeah she's like I'm with this dude now
because he can help my music career and
he's a what you know you leaving me now
and it did it it like or tighten up the
relationship with Felicia Rashad Claire
Huxtable is that possible herself is in
this movie yep she plays his not his
biological mother but the widow of
Apollo Creed and she raises him from age
10 on so tightening that up tightening
up why he wants to prove himself as a
fighter other than it's just in his DNA
because he has a really cushy bank job
and he makes good money apparently and
he just gets a promotion but but it's
not what he wants he's like he goes down
to Mexico on the weekends and he fights
yeah and treating that is more of a
character arc like why are you fighting
what do you need to prove and because he
wants to make it on his own he doesn't
want to prove that he wants to be you
know he's as good as his father but he
wants to do it on his own and that's a
little little fake his motivation is a
little muddled but his relationship with
Rocky is what kind of drives them but
that's that's the solid core of the
movie yeah you just got your staring
back at you that your toughest to pull
it who's next
I leave this jewelry and I think that's
true life well Jay would you recommend
uh Creed absolutely it's my new favorite
Sylvester Stallone movie after
Rhinestone by wowzer you created a
monster and they call you Frankenstein
so Mike would you recommend cream yeah
yeah I guess that's pretty good for a
movie that you had no interest in seeing
going in zero interest whatsoever but it
it kept my interest and dare I say won
me over in the end if you're a little
squeamish on people getting punched in
the face and a horrific black eye oh
yeah I hate that kind of stuff at least
I didn't cut it open they do that in the
original movie is ice well shot and he's
like cut me open
I think it's lame just cope with it no
oh
J obviously yeah I would absolutely
recommend it I think it works as a
standalone movie just as a satisfying
and sort of crowd-pleasing heartwarming
movie you'll tug at your heartstrings
and if you're a fan of the Rocky movies
definitely it's one of the better ones
you know there's all this huh Baloo
hullabaloo about concussions in the NFL
and little kids playing football and I
remember a shot in this movie where it
shows Michael B Jordan is fighting and
there's a soul like culture of boxing
and it pans down there's two little
little boys and they they have little
boxing gloves on they're watching and
and it's not um there's no mention of
that how do you feel about that how do
you feel about this promoting the boxing
culture and and really just how violent
it is well I think they do a good job of
showing just how violent it is to be
glorified though they'd be anywhere
Huxtable is saying like don't do this
like I had to carry your fucking father
up the stairs because he was a mess so I
don't think it really glorifies it so
much it just shows it how it is but I
was thinking during the end because this
has one of the best boxing matches in
any of these movies where it actually
feels real
in some of the earlier movies they look
a little phony a little silly but this
one like you feel each punch and I was
thinking man boxing is a fucked up sport
Mike you already answered this but I
think I have a concussion so I already
forgot what would you recommend Creed I
would but I'd also recommend Nickelback
you should be able to grab one of these
birds you serious I am serious
chickens are slowing down
hello I'm James McAvoy and I'm dan
Radcliffe I play dr. Victor Frankenstein
and I play Igor in the new film Victor
Frankenstein I film we're very proud of
very very proud of our film were very
proud of very very proud of Igor you and
I should be the very heart of a
scientific enterprise that will change
the world we shall create a life out of
death it's alive Victor Frankenstein
stars Harry Potter Professor Xavier and
another character from a movie that's an
actor who's also in this the film is a
retelling of the classic Mary Shelley
novel Frankenstein this time the story
is told from the perspective of Igor a
character that is not in the classic
Mary Shelley novel Frankenstein the film
shows the budding friendship between
Igor and dr. Frankenstein as they
collaborate and make plans to reanimate
dead tissue
they finally reanimate the monster in
the last 10 minutes of the film you know
the part of the story that's actually
interesting Jay what did you think of
Apollo Frankenstein this might be a half
in the bag first and that I don't think
I have any opinion on this movie I saw
it it wasn't bad it wasn't good it
wasn't exciting or scary dramatic or
funny I just kind of watched it it's
like staring at the color grey that's it
that's all I got
thank you tune in next week pepper 1/2 a
bag do you think you freaking saw me you
know what I'll say the beginning of the
movie was like the one clever bit where
it starts with a voiceover narration
from Igor and he's like you know this
tale I was like if the movie just cuts
the credits right here that would be
brilliant because he's right well this
is our everything old is new again
episode and it's going to become every
episode I I was under the impression
that this was a prequel or a backstory
which it kind of is it
a little bit Bowl a little bit of both
um where it was going to be like this is
how dr. Frankenstein started and how he
met Igor his laboratory assistant and
and I didn't even think they're going to
get to Frankenstein but spoilers the do
this movies already out of theaters we
don't need to worry about spoilers well
it's like I kind of thought it was going
to be because the film starts with Igor
in the circus yes he's a he's a clown in
the circus and okay you know and he's a
hunchback
he's on Shrek and Victor Frankenstein
cures him of his hunchback ness by
stabbing him in the back with a giant
syringe to remove a pus from he's not
actually a hunchback Frankenstein says
he just has a nap so an abscess and he
decides that just by meeting him he's
like that's not a hunchback
he's never examined him or even seen him
with the shirt off he just says that's
not a hunchback and then he shoves a
plunger into him and sucks out the goo
which is one of the better moments but
it just came out of nowhere he's like oh
he's not a hunchback well would see a
Victor Frankenstein is a little crazy
and he's brilliant so he was able to
diagnose that visually and I'm alright
with that
god damn it I like the I like the look
of this film a lot I was thinking of Tim
Burton especially during that part I was
thinking this reminded me of like a
lesser Tim Burton movie which is every
Tim Burton movie now I guess but yeah
the the I mean James McAvoy was really
good at it
I get his moments yeah I thought he was
really good and the the circus stuff I
wish they had spent a little more time
there I really like the look of all that
I read the script to this movie I mean
we should make mention this is a max
landis script and we just had max here
visiting us on the top of Mount Everest
and he did discuss the fact that your
script can change a lot throughout the
process of me yes yes and that seems to
be the case here because you read the
script I did not yes and no I wasn't
sure I'm not
sure what draft or version of the script
I read but they're alike I'm reading it
and the the first chunk of it it's very
like the script it goes into a little
more detail about like Igor in the
circus and it shows him attending to the
wounds of all the circus performers
people are more cruel to him there
there's a lot of little details that are
left out there one specific detail that
I'll mention there's the strongman
character and it shows
Igor tending to like a broken wrist he's
like is it broken or not you know and
he's like well no it's not you know but
it's injured he's like can I lift my
weights or not and then later on and the
chasing when Frankenstein and Igor are
escaping
Igor remembers that the strong man's
wrist is injured and uses it to his
advantage and there's a couple little
things like that that are shut up and
then the all lots of that stuff is cut
out the general flow of it is still the
same the general ideas are still the
same and then I'm watching it and I felt
the natural end of the movie was when
they escaped the the constable yeah when
he he doesn't have a warrant he suspects
Frankenstein of doing nefarious satanic
things in his secret laboratory now like
you need a warrant to bust in in the
script it's he wants to check
Igor shoes because he finds one of his
shoes and this it's a little more
dramatic it's I want to just come in and
raid your whole operation and then it
felt like the natural conclusion and
then it goes on and then they do the
whole Frankenstein thing and then then
it's sort of you can make a Frankenstein
movie and not put the monster if it were
my guess I would say like that was some
studio meddling going you can have a
Frankenstein movie without a fucking
Frankenstein oh my ass the Frankenstein
monster but it's in this version of the
script yeah and and I don't know I if so
it was less of the early adventures of
how you know Frankenstein met Igor and
or of a kind of a retelling of its
here's what they did a couple days
before the monster yeah there's the
monster and I like that but it seemed a
little rushed because it goes from
Frankenstein kind of animating some
eyeballs and some goo to kind of
reanimating like a chimpanzee monster
hybrid yeah it's like a combination of
different animals yeah it goes
completely wild and it's insane
and they have to kill it I kind of liked
that part no I love all that stuff and
but then it's like boom
Frankenstein's next yeah and it felt
that part felt like it should about ten
years later when really it was more like
a week later yeah the whole thing felt
pretty rushed I'm detective Inspector
Turpin I'm here to investigate missing
body parts not sure what you mean sir
well you're not afraid to challenge the
natural order mr. Frankish no and its
Frankenstein spoilers no one cares what
no one cares no one saw this movie well
yeah and just in case you plan to see it
and you're watching a review yeah you
got to be you got to be fair alright
well skip ahead to this timecode this
junker why is it all zeroes anyways and
then there are there's a constable
character the investigator for the
Scotland Yard um is that the guy who
ends up with the the wooden hand yeah
okay yeah that's something that that was
like a missed opportunity this is this
guy gets his hand crushed or whatever
and then they show him in the next scene
he has like this wooden hand like one of
those like sculptor hand things and they
don't do anything with it like not that
it has to be wacky or anything but it's
like not even like a visual gag he just
has it it was like when his face got
melted with electricity and he's lost
sight in one eye there's a whole story
his dead wife is introduced into this
but in the script he also has a daughter
that he's trying to take care of and he
is still like sort of like the the
police guy who is religious and then go
and has less like um complex about death
and because he lost his wife and bobba
and in this he dies in the script and
then the end he gets accidentally
reanimated so there is a little there's
more to his character too after that
gets pulled out there's a part where
Frankenstein and Igor reanimate a dead
baby oh my god and it it accidentally
starts on fire and although all the
scientists are like laughing and then
they're like oh shit it's alive I want
to see that and then they're like yeah
there's a there's a couple of them the
part where Frankenstein Igor are
drinking whiskey and kind of mapping out
how they're going to put together
Franken someone seen the movie I thought
was fun yes it is even funner as I will
read an excerpt from the screenplay okay
drunkest Igor holding himself up on the
board Viktor perched awkwardly in the
chair both of them unable to talk or
breathe through laughter Igor great
giant bosoms all over they want to give
Frankenstein bosoms Viktor yes and we
shall shall install saddles to ride on
the breasts
giant breasts and people will say here
come Igor and Viktor and their
masterpiece of tits that's pretty good
there's some there's there's some silly
lines in it so it sounds like the script
had a little more personality to it the
movie it seems like everything was
rushed they want to make it more quick
and exciting so you pull out all those
little bits but yeah you know what like
it's like a stack card you take too many
out and just crumbles ya house house of
cards
you know a stack of cards is just
sitting there he wouldn't crumble it
would not go just diminish in size yeah
yeah there were there were some like
kind of juvenile s lines there was a
line about balls that I'll refrain from
from getting into but not too many okay
and all of the all of their really good
quippy smart dialogue a lot of it was
still in there and it was it was more
just like just a different draft like
they'll take this out and move this here
and the general themes remain the same I
will say you said a lot of like the
quippy stuff is in the script and
translated the movie I think part of my
problem
maybe it's the direction
it felt like nothing really had any sort
of energy or that there were lines that
were said that maybe we're supposed to
be funny or clever but they were just
delivered straight so they felt kind of
flat the only one that really seemed to
be trying to do anything was James
McAvoy Daniel Radcliffe was a flatline
all those little side characters there's
a love interest that is like barely even
a character in this movie I don't know
if she has more to do in the script but
mmm no she's still just woman mmm we
shall create a man after our own image
questions um well you're welcome I think
it is time you met our monster
I wanted to read one one more excerpt
okay michael finnegan that's the blond
haired guy rich kid who funds the
experiments yes in the back is a michael
finnegan 21 dressed in only the finest
clothes refined handsome and posh a
child of wealth with an accent so upper
crust
he makes Victor and Igor sound like
they're from Michigan I was very
confused about what the point of this
movie was first of all why is this
coming out in November this is like a
Frankenstein movie it's monster movie
why is this out in November who's an aim
dad and why should we care those are the
three things I was thinking throughout
the whole movie this is like who is this
for
my answer is the Sherlock Holmes movies
worked oh maybe I'm trying to go for
that crowd I know they are I don't know
what studio it even is at this point I
guess they're still with Universal but
there's been talk of trying to do a
cinema Cinematic Universe with these
monsters I don't know if this is like
the first step trying to do that or if
that's unrelated to this I don't know
but I hope it never happens I don't know
I would say they have about a 19 percent
chance of that work and the 1930s
Universal Studios monsters are real hip
with the kids these days well they're
not even dragging a mummy
yeah the mummy the mummy is the worst
character ever no one's scared of
mummies ever but the idea of updating
these and making them like action movies
I think that's the plan it's just like
the worst idea it's recognizable but the
really it's weird that this was made
after I Frankenstein and yeah um wasn't
there Dracula untold Dracula I'm just
like as I I'm assuming that was a poor
Dracula prequel untold my jazz Dracula
oh jeez oh and untold implies the story
you haven't heard before and you know
what that's all thing that's going
around now too because didn't we watch a
trailer for
the story behind Moby Dick oh yeah the
story that inspired a story that
inspired his story like that looks more
exciting the Moby Dick
I betcha the real story was this Saul
whale that's where we're at people Moby
Dick versus sharknado versus Thor
yeah and then there was something else
the story behind the story they're all
the story vines now that's a thing
there's so many trends yeah movies are
just trends when are we gonna get a
prequel to jaws or it's like the girl
that that gets killed on the beach at
the beginning is Z where we see where
she came from
she just came right from Woodstock so
yeah she's like some hippie she rebelled
against her parents and she went off on
the road yeah she ended up on that beach
on that one tragic day uh-huh I'm about
taxi driver oh god the little baby
Travis Bickel he drove a bus bus driver
that's the prequel to taxi driver yeah
moosh we suppose if you drove a bus full
of little kids every day you would go
fuckin crazy
yeah it's the early state but Travis
Bickle was like a like a model citizen
and he was a great dad and uh he started
driving school bus during some extra
money and eventually went insane well
what else can we make
those kind of fun when are they going to
make a mr. ed movie remember mr. ed oh
they did it was called hot to trot with
a Bobcat Goldthwait bred we've got to
talk straight from the horse's mouth
jeez don't scream like that lamb BAM so
Mike would you recommend Victor
Frankenstein Steen they did that they
did a Young Frankenstein reference in
the movie I remember that um I don't
know there were a lot of things I liked
about it
it just became kind of muddled a a
little muff a little unfocused I liked I
liked McAvoy in it I thought it was
really good I liked the look of a lot of
things in it and
the Frankenstein at the end was neat it
was neat to see a different Frankenstein
Frankenstein monster Lucas and um you
know he's only in it for two seconds um
but like you said who was this movie for
what was what was it supposed to be
funny it was supposed to be like an
action movie and I haven't seen the
Sherlock Holmes movies but I'm assuming
interaction there is a more
action-oriented and more witty yeah and
this isn't quite action-oriented and
isn't quite as witty as it could be um I
would only recommend it if you are a
hardcore fan of Frankenstein I was
wondering why people were in the theater
like I look like I do what did they yeah
what about this appealed to them so I
was like are people Frankenstein fans is
there like a thing I don't think
anyone's a hardcore fan of Frankenstein
people that are into what's that what's
that steampunks like it might be in like
the Victorian era with monsters you
think you're reaching you like like um
who is the fan base you know so that's
that's what that's my problem with it
that's why I wouldn't recommend it is
because it doesn't seem to be aimed at
anybody it doesn't really have any sort
of tone or style that makes it unique or
makes it stand out or makes it
interesting if you're looking for a new
weird take on Frankenstein watch Frank
and hooker directed by Frank Hannon
Lauder
well I guess we're gonna have to watch
rhinestones over and over and over and
over and over and over and over and over
and over and over and over and over and
over and over and over again until mr.
blinker comes back
oh my god am I in heaven oh-ho-ho-ho
this is just be a an infinity simple on
here
get ready yeah hey well I'm gonna have
all these poles
I never and what's that
