Jul 27, 2015
Pixels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_UQRn3wDyQ
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/625826677575299072
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153056630882634
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153057075087634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-pixels

Half in the bag.
well we're back from the
movie theater sure I just saw pixels yep
that's right uh-huh
J I forgot to stop at the bank ah shit I
completely forgot it's okay I don't
think these guys have any intention of
paying us anyways listen I have a plan
they have a safe in the back and I'm
pretty sure it's filled with cash when
we get a chance we're gonna go back
there and I'm gonna pick the lock and
break into it I'm just gonna fucking
take all their money if these fuckers
won't pay those guys J Mike what did you
think of pixels
oh let's let's discuss pixels since I
brought that now on okay why are you
looking around awkwardly how'd you have
a safe of course we do for all of our
daily large cash that we handle a lot of
cash that we handle here keeping the
safe in the back white that's a weird
question well I just I saw it back there
and I was wondering the combination well
accommodation is 35:22 what those wavy -
stop it
Oh No yeah you can keep going like that
like just giving it was out of 20 25 a
22 second number huh maybe this the
first - you want to do that right you
see the whole thing that yeah yeah just
I mean like oh hey you know we're all
friends here I mean you guys have been
working at the store you should know the
combination to the state it's safe to
make all the cash yeah you never gave it
to us
and and nobody actually came into the
store you know but you know I just I saw
safe and you know I was you know I may
be Al Capone go to stuff here what's the
number in 1982 Ness
- time capsule into space containing
examples of our life and culture in
hopes of contacting extraterrestrial
life
unfortunately the message was taken the
wrong way
well I'm glad we all went to the movies
together I hope our time here together
doesn't end in horrific violence
what is pixels about pixels is the new
Adam Sandler comedy Adam Sandler film
starring Adam Sandler and Kevin James
and some lady and Peter Dinklage and
just Michelle Moynihan Michelle Moynihan
and Josh GAD and everyone phones in
their performance except for Brian Cox
who somehow is a professional still
beyond just not being familiar with Adam
Sandler movies I mean this is actually
my very first Adam Sandler vehicle
that's amazing and he is the worst part
of the movie he looks visibly miserable
in this movie yeah
I'm just sorry he looks like he just
walked out of his trailer and he just
wants to get back to his trailer so he's
like all right here's the line Anoka by
if you're if you're gonna take this
movie like seriously I mean you would
want a likable relatable main character
I mean you would want like Chris Pratt
better be right in that role but instead
he's just the most unlikable
uncharismatic man who was ever lived
yeah this movie is terrible the script
is terrible
yeah this is the Hollywood big Hollywood
money exploiting the resurgence of
eighties pop-culture interest and it's
just I don't know I would you're called
sickening or depressing dad I would call
it cynical definitely yeah is definitely
cemented for me like and I've kind of
this I've been thinking about this more
and more over the last couple years but
this cemented like I am completely over
the celebration of nostalgia like this
is just like the most soulless thing and
it's like I yeah
remember Donkey Kong here's Donkey Kong
and there's nothing clever about it if
you really wanted to go for like the 80s
nostalgia it's like the whole opening of
that movie was actually kind of charming
with the kids going to the arcade
enjoying them once the cheap trick song
ended that's when it just dive-bombed I
would
I would have rather have seen a movie
about young kids who's practicing for
the big video game competition that
would've been neat sure it's called the
wizard I haven't seen the wizard you've
never seen the wizard III hate was
Michael Savage Adam Savage what's his
funny name Fred Sanford hatred sad and
you hate Fred Savage I don't know we
just do I don't have I don't hear the
only person on the planet that hates
Fred Sanford Savage was like eight years
old when he was on The Wonder Years and
then he disappeared off the face of the
planet how the hell can you hate him for
some reason I just find him annoying
you're just jealous of Fred Savage cuz
you had a big crush on Paul I'll set up
for winning reverse it with Paul yeah I
get it I get a check checked mark
Mike that was almost a joke almost a
joke and it was a joke using a reference
as a setup almost a joke is closer to a
joke than anything in pixels that's
right there were no jokes there are so
many what moments you know we had the
what moment counter whatever you're like
what there's just those those like
someone yells something it makes those
sensors what
yes supposed to be funny yeah well you
had mentioned there's the scene early on
when they're trying they're just
starting to figure out what's going on
oh we didn't even mention the Kevin
James is the President of the United
States in this film and he's childhood
friends for that him Sam leur they were
both video game fans so this attack
happens completely out of nowhere just
all of a sudden there's an attack
there's no setup there's no buildup it's
just Oh someone's being attacked by
something and then Kevin James calls in
his best childhood buddy Adam Sandler
and Adam Sandler says this is like
Gattaca this is Gattaca Gattaca Galaga
Galaga Gattaca is a film starring Ethan
Hawke Galaga there we go so he's in this
boardroom with all these stuffy
boardroom presidential people that are
serious about their jobs because this is
someone invading the earth and then I'm
Sandler comes in and shorts and just
starts making fun of everybody for no
reason and you had mentioned that it
felt like a bad attempt to do like a
Judd Apatow Adam McKay riff moment it
felt like a like improv comedy there was
a lot of scenes that kept going on and
it felt
it felt like anchorman we're a scene
would go on a little too long because
the actors were riffing and having a
good time
and so this scene like I said Adam
Sandler's in the boardroom Oh get out of
here you're crazy kid and for no reason
whatsoever he decides to rib everyone in
the room yeah there's a guy when he
first shows up there's a guy that thinks
he's the sandwich delivery man but he's
not and then so when am sailor leaving
he's like your sandwiches are here no
they're not oh they're like what that
was the joke cuz he was he wanted
sandwiches cuz he was overweight as he
was a great big fat guy yeah there are
moments like that where I was like it's
Adam Sandler improving or is this
scripted and I didn't know
well what's worse what would be worse if
that was improv or if that was scripted
well uh both they've all just evenly
generally worse I yeah I believe that
some alien life force sent down
real-life video games to attack us
that makes sense
I'll get to my predictions oh yes we
wrote we wrote prediction oh no I didn't
know we had homework now my predictions
are terrible and the movie was worse
than my predictions I'm I was going for
roland emmerich level Oh so I have Adam
Sandler will have a degree in computers
or something like that but will have
squandered his potential and works in a
video game store or a geek squad type
place the movie of the movies events
will be his Redemption his squandered
potential was only not winning the
donkey kong challenge as a five-year-old
yeah that after that the high point of
his life I think they make a joke about
Mississippi Technical Institute and he
went to MIT Mississippi Institute of
Technology MIT MIT but I know that was a
joke or not but but really like it was
supposed to be but it was so much but I
was thinking he would have an estranged
son or divorced wife who think he's a
loser you can't see his son on you know
boba and then he redeems himself through
the events of the movie they didn't even
bother with that they mentioned an
ex-wife but they were too lazy to show
her or even get into it yeah or even to
show that he he has the smarts to be
like a master computer programmer but
it's just I'll just work at Best Buy
whatever I think they only mentioned the
ex-wife once solely so people wouldn't
be saying so the highlight of this guy's
whole life is that you play Donkey Kong
when he was nine years old yeah that's
all they got into which is Carol I got
into what like they they kept mentioning
his like ability and his potential but
what is that potential yeah the Michelle
Moynihan character when they have their
romantic scene she's like you're you're
destined for great things where how did
you come to this conclusion
right his only skill set is playing
video games and not even with all video
games only like three very specific
three very specific video game
thirty-year-old video games is a special
thing the ones in the movies are the
only ones I know how to play I don't I
didn't progress I didn't progress
well considering Kevin James was in it
with Adam Sandler I thought they would
split main character duties
Sandler would would redeem himself and
get back together with his ex wife his
son and I thought Kevin James was going
to get the girl the the person who works
in the government sure and uh but I was
totally wrong about that he just had a
wife and he put too many sprinkles on
the cake do you remember that hilarious
be plot about him and his wife hating
each other oh yeah that went nowhere had
no purpose and they even cast the
comedic actress in the role and gave her
literally nothing to do I don't think
she had one line she had a couple lines
but nothing out of them even like an
attempt at a joke and she's funny Jane
Krakowski she's very funny but but they
had cake and then and then he was very
uncomfortable trying to tell her that
another woman was attractive because she
asked and then she just vanished from
the movie hoochy went off I went back to
his home planet we've never faced a
threat like this before
in the video game expertise these guys
were champions back in 82
Sam Brenner pac-man world champion with
that Ludlow lamonsoff master of
centipede also known as your worst okay
Josh GAD will like to eat things maybe
fart
nobody farted we should matter there was
a Josh GAD - butt cracks if that all
know there's no farting there was no
fart he will be a sex pervert who makes
awkward advances on women but this was
before I saw like there was like ten
trailers for like children's films and
there was like like I heard little kids
all over the theater I was like oh is
this like a g-rated film well it turns
out he makes all sorts of moves on men
in this movie yeah there's like diseases
some gay panic stuffing but he's not gay
as we learn later in the film
he's just randomly like slapping dude's
asses for no he tries to he tries to
kiss adam sandler on the mall he does
but he's not gay it doesn't make any
sense i think like the whole thing was
just like he doesn't know anything about
anything be so he's into dudes and girl
he's silly his character trait is that
he's silly adam and tim Herlihy and Tim
Dowling wrote a character that was
really eccentric so Josh GAD is in love
with a video game lady
yeah that's we know he's in love with
her because he says it for the first 20
minutes of the movie and he foreshadows
things very subtly by saying if she was
a real person we would be in love for
the rest of our lot like it's so awkward
and bad the way it's delivered weren't
you shocked when she showed up at the
end I was shocked that she showed up at
the end pixelated for two seconds and
then just became normal looking hot lady
because we can't have them fall in love
with a pixel character so it's just
woman now for no reason every single
other bad guy enemy is a fairly nice 3d
rendering of a square pixel monster you
know we get we get the paperboy we get
the the Galaga guys right and all of a
sudden the pixel lady from whatever game
that was called shows up and she morphs
into the actress a human lady who's a
boo by the way is a real actress who is
and other things where he delivers lines
which he doesn't do in this film I'm
sorry lady I I hope you're a good
actress was her line keep putting it in
my vagina are you implying the cheesy
pornographic actress what I was implying
okay clothes she was in a Harmony Korine
film oh that's like an embarrassing
porno but she's a real lady for some
reason yeah yeah she's a real lady for
some for some reason and she starts
attacking just no reason huh for no
reason you said for some reason for no
reason is more accurate there is no
reason because they don't know that Josh
GAD is in love with her if they knew
then that would be a good reason to make
her into a real lady to trick him for
some reason I think it'd be a read our
brains yeah but there is no reason so so
J is correct there for some reason is
wrong okay you know what I take that
back then I take that back but anyway
she turns it to a lady and you know Josh
GAD has what is supposed to be a comedy
moment and I love you I've always loved
you and then she starts attacking him
because she's the bad guy but then for
no reason Josh GAD stops fighting her
and and professes his love again well
that's actually wrong it's he professes
his long love for some reason because he
actually is in love with her for no
reason she's gonna get emotional yes yes
that's that's what I was gonna get too
is for no reason then she decides to
join up with the humans yeah look at
that point in the movie does it matter
yes everything matters and I think some
level of logic does matter in a movie do
well okay no it doesn't as long as the
movie is funny and entertaining okay
because this you're not supposed to
believe the pixelated characters come to
earth is so stupid it's it's it's a you
can't take that concept seriously so if
you can't take the concept seriously at
least have jokes but they have Madonna
on a TV saying we will
because remember the 80s remember
remember the 80s remember these 80s rock
songs we're gonna play those throughout
the whole film I have some issues a good
the aliens the aliens get their
information from a probe that was sent
out in 1982 you know I was just gonna
bout to talk about this yeah but there's
things that show up from after 1982 like
Max Headroom yeah I think it was a thing
until like 84 oh yeah that's true a
little bit later yeah really rich for a
second I thought you're going to talk
about how a probe sent out in 1982 would
probably be near the inner solar system
only the Voyager probes sent out in the
70s is just barely leaving our solar
system so at least in Star Trek the
motion picture they speculate that the
Voyager probe may have entered a
wormhole you could come up with any
bullshit excuse to have aliens turn
themselves into video games and attack
the earth but you got to make it funny
I will say the one the one positive
thing I have to say about the movie is
all of the videogame characters and the
pixelized bricks those all look neat
yeah
and that's the only positive thing I
really have to say and there was there
was I hadn't seen the short film before
we saw this there was one moment during
the big end battle that was I I saw I
thought was a really clever visual gag
and I was like that's way too smart that
has to be from the short film and it
turns it turns out that it was it's when
the tetris pieces are falling onto the
building and then they you know they
line up and they go Boop and then the
building collapses I was like that's way
too smart for this movie and it turns
out it's directly taken from the short
the the the computer animators the
visual effects people the distracting
part for for me was I saw the laziness
come through it I said I'm saying
they're going well we could shoot this
the stuff we don't do anything we'll
just hand it off to this company that'll
make all the things happen I remember
seeing like a pan around shot you know
and the only two things in the frame are
like Peter Dinklage and Josh GAD and
they got the guns just all this stuff
going on there
okay we're done you know an absolute
moron spine like you know you I really
noticed that during the first alien
attack
the centipede attack but yeah and then
at one point am Sandler grabs a gun
because he's like you're doing it wrong
there's a pattern and he starts shooting
and you can tell it like he has the most
bored expression on his face where he's
just like yeah and he's like oh they're
just gonna add everything in later
whatever and he just does this yeah I
was shocked initially at the start of
that scene because they're like the next
spot it's gonna be in London and they do
they have like a stock footage shot of
them flying over London that cuts to
them in like a field with like trees and
it's London because they're saw soccer
players there you don't think they
actually found that in London I don't
think so I'm pretty sure we didn't it so
I'm like I want to see Big Ben get
smashed and and you know the the big
ferris wheel Thames River right and the
London Britain Bridge is falling down
fell down and then amselik London Bridge
is falling down it's no time for Nursery
Rhymes no for real but but anyway they
go to field the the coolest centipede
does go onto a street but you know it's
just a street and it goes through like
some old lady's apartment building I
guess there is a deaf elderly person
joke there right yes the old lady's
doing likes and if he goes into
apartment and she's doing aerobics she
doesn't know perfectly acceptable
the centipede does aerobics for a little
bit see that's and I guess this is too
much to ask for this movie but that
shows an incan like the whole idea is
that they're following the formulas of
these video games but that's like for no
reason the centipede just stops doing
that and attacks the city yeah that's
true it doesn't they're beating the game
by the game's rules but then the game
just doesn't play but it just does
whatever it wants so we can have an
action scene but but so remember that
whole scene that was supposed to be in
the movie we need the scene where the
the geek prevails right like no my geeky
crazy methods are better than your
standard military methods right but at
that point he had been already training
the military guys on how to do all this
stuff yeah so then why wouldn't they let
him do it yeah right because he was or
why wouldn't they do the things that
they were just trained to do in the
previous scene they
they were yeah that's a good point they
weren't as good as him but yeah if
they're if he's a consultant why you
know it would illogic that he ran up and
took over was the logic of I'm a by
standard behind the police line who
thinks he knows better and jump over one
peso kidding do it because they really
cared about realism and it would have
been too silly if he just went right
into the thick of things from the start
but he was in there like he was you were
trying to tell them what to do and their
land Brian Cox or whoever Sean Bean
maybe I don't even remember one of them
was just like don't listen to that guy
even though we've been listening to that
guy for the last 10 minutes well I get
hired previously yeah I think the Brian
Cox character had like a nerd prejudice
right and then he was like I don't know
what's better if losing to the aliens or
letting these guys yeah he was very
angry and and that's fine that's like a
movie character and I expected him to do
something to like I'm gonna do it my way
I'm getting gonna get the nukes out and
no no you know like but instead he just
kind of like goes and then you start
disappears from evidence they really
needed to try and use like conventional
military things against because they
never do there was no and they just have
it completely fail and then that's when
you're you're Adam Sandler jumps in with
the video game life yeah or on the first
attempt to stop them is shooting
missiles or sending military jets you
know they needed to remake Independence
Day they were lazy with their framework
we always say it's a framework to hang
stuff on yeah they were later with their
framework like having Kevin James be the
President of the United States who just
happened to be friends with Adam Sandler
as a kid like terrible yeah at least
have just some stuffy president have a
military attempt fail and then go oh
these are video games we better dig up
the Schmucks from you know the gutter to
come up and help instead it from the
beginning Adam Sandler was like hanging
out in the White House like lazy lazy
right here shit
so you need a framework to hang jokes on
but this movie had no framework and it
had no jokes
it had nothing but what you got from the
two minutes short which is the good
stuff which is the good stuff yeah the
two minutes short had everything that
this movie had and without waiting
through these fucking boring scenes
where Adam Sandler was talking to people
and the sleeve for hours
which is fucking boring yeah it was more
more cinematic looking than recent Adam
Sandler movies though because it was
directed by Chris Columbus who I guess
his co-founded America the guy you found
in America actually Chris Columbus is
companies like 1492 productions or
something like that but his best work
was done in the 80s yes he auditioned
was directing the fucking racist Indian
film I didn't progress early on Peter
Dinklage in the in the 1982 beats Adam
Sandler as a kid at the Donkey Kong
World Championship yeah and and I'm
saying I thought he was the best no bow
flash forward to the pac-man scene where
they're all driving around with cars and
they're the the lady what's your name
Michelle Moines Michelle Moines Hannah's
watching the screen and Peter Dinklage
ghost car goes real fast which is not
physically possible with a griot car
right but I was just how did he do that
never mind and then they brought up
later he on his inside of his sunglasses
he has like mathematical formula which
is a cheat code yeah and apparently he
had used a cheat code in the 1982 while
playing Donkey Kong and he also used
them on pac-man rich Evans you are
pac-man expert yeah this is true about
rich Evans
okay played a lot of pac-man he see
because he loves swallowing balls is
there such a thing as a pacman chica no
there is no such thing as a pac-man
cheat code I don't think any of those
old arcade games had cheat codes well
here's a better question how do you use
a cheat code in reality to make a car go
ultra fast
the car has a cheat code I guess
lieutenant Mexico really that's the like
I'm okay like okay cheat code and
pac-man whatever it doesn't make any
sense but it's a movie but it's the
reality of like
he uses a cheat code on his car that
he's driving that was a terrible way to
introduce the fact that he's a cheater
yeah that's his character and that's
fine as an angle he's a cheater they
well actually and make some sense at the
end either
wait see that's that oh no it is because
at the end of the uh what's his name
Adam Sandler he realizes he is the
Donkey Kong champ and he has that gives
him the like confidence confidence to go
ahead and fight the Donkey Kong a not be
scared anymore so all that led to that
which is fine
oh no but see that's my real problem
like you know what the cheat code works
on the car because fuck it it's a movie
um oh I am okay with that because you
know why it's a movie and I don't care
I'm with riches face on this one sure
cube can I kill it we'll try to stay
true to the real games themselves in the
context of doing something in the
three-dimensional world you know what
else wasn't funny
any time Qbert talked because Qbert
talks now and they gave him whoever did
his voice a fine time with cutesy voice
hey they game a cutesy voice and I
noticed that was the only thing that
anyone in the theater responded to
because our theater was like dead silent
and occasionally when Qbert would say
something in people like oh oh but but
he's at a Doral he's an adorable
character that everybody loves and then
in the end he kind of gets erased and
turned into a woman and everybody's
happy about that ya know that's right
absolutely Josh GAD gets the woman as a
trophy the woman is a literal trophy in
the movie she's such a strong woman
she's tough and nothing stops her
I think it's important for girls to see
that they can do anything the guys can
do he fucks a woman and then in the post
credit thing he has Qbert babies she
apparently gave birth to Qbert babies
you think Hubert by himself with just
suffice I mean look at his mouth and
plus he you know I'm not gonna talk
afterwards describe cubed fellatio Marv
I think this this is what we need what a
weirdo what's up
III there is so little room left in my
heart for Adam Sandler hate yeah yeah I
will say like watching this like is
there people go into Adam Sandler movies
now people like us wanting to like hate
them and rip them apart and there's a
lot of that online right now for pixels
it's almost not even worthy of getting
angry about it's more just sort of like
confusing and sad and boring sad is to
be appropriate yeah cuz because you look
at Jack and Jill and a movie like that
was was frustrating at how transparent
the sleaze was and that was eye-opening
for us it was very eye-opening this is
is sad or pathetic it feels very
pathetic it I like the pac-man sequence
that was about it other than that I felt
sorry for every actor in it you know we
both talked about we're getting older
man and we're gonna have to pull the
plug someday but every time we do it we
go ahem this idea is pretty fun and we
get excited again Adam Sandler looks
he's like sad clown now yeah where he's
not even trying and it's just it's like
watching Orson Welles and doing a wine
commercial ah French Champagne action
please
like remember in any other movie where
aliens attack the earth how the aliens
first attack has a massive build-up to
it and and there there's some excitement
there's some tension in there because we
don't know what's coming and and all the
sudden boom where the attack comes and
remember how in pixels
they just show up fucking five minutes
and it's just like what is it Guam is
that where there is this as Guam and
then I just go you wait a minute wait a
minute you guys saying pixels fucked
something up is that your point that's
the general consensus yes huh I know
this changes everything well I think
we're finally done talking about pixels
you're fired
what yeah but thank you so much for
helping out at the shop we really
appreciate it
ah all right that's fair I guess but you
guys do plan to pay us right you know
for all the shifts we took hi I don't
recall ever discussing a payment I
thought you guys just doing it because
you like this were you kidding nobody
likes you get out fine you win for now
nerds
we'll leave but first we'd like to go on
the back we left some personal items
back there we need to collect there next
year safe which we have the combination
to okay that's nope that's no problem
I told you to gather pushovers right no
paycheck nor VCR repair shop Jan Mike
you fuckers left me to freeze the death
on that mountain and for that you're
going to die No
bonds of Dahlia Vichy a son of a bitch
by James
mine or whichever one you want currently
study he didn't fix my VCR why didn't
you fix my VCR I just wanted to watch
mine cook and you tried to freeze made a
good take that Mike and J you
motherfuckers left me on a mountain to
die almost starved to death and goddamn
Nepal well that was disappointing I
can't believe they have the only
existing copy of the day the clown cried
who cares is that worth anything it is
the Jerry Lewis what the fuck oh my god
it's a bloodbath
burn in hell you motherfuckers mr.
plinkus what who's that who's talking I
can't see anything my glasses are to
frosted from the fucking cold
oh um why my name is Mark and I'm Jim Oh
what do you guys do um we repair VCRs oh
oh that's great cuz I need my VCR fixed
okay I'll make sense
I'll be right back so cold
