Aug 31, 2015
American Ultra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MEA7B3MKcg
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/638483348067893248
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153131100612634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-american-ultra

Half in the bag.
I'm filled with more gas than the Hindenberg.
yes I know you
want to watch your Night Court tape mr.
blinken we listen to me we tried coming
to your house but it was gone
there was an expressway there what would
I don't want to go back out again listen
just give us the address of where you're
at wait let me write down the address
Mountain did you have a pen wait that's
the whole address Mountain ask him which
Mountain there's more than one which
Mountain Magic Mountain Mountain Dew
Mount Doom Castle Grayskull Mount
Rushmore Mount rush laughs look we're
gonna have to call you back you're
starting to break up why is there an
article about canine aquatics in a VCR
magazine well there's a craze in the
1980s where people are using VCRs as
dogs surfboards ah very short-lived
because so are most of the dogs people
forgot to unplug the VCRs so that was
the thing oh speaking of dogs have you
seen an American old truck nema new
rosada director of such classic films as
project X no not that project X this
project X what the fuck why do you have
a boner I don't it's just thanks my
underwear sitting here funny ha
brings us a film starring Jesse
Eisenberg and Kristen Stewart
no not Adventureland American ultra in
this film Eisenberg plays a stoner who
is a secret CIA sleeper agent living in
a podunk town in West Virginia for no
reason at all Topher Grace who plays a
newly appointed CIA hotshot guy wants to
have him eliminated I think deep down
it's because he's secretly in love with
Kristen Stewart who is also a secret
secret agent pretending to be
Eisenberg's girlfriend Oh
spoilers check out the film uh Susan why
don't you think of American ultra well
why have a beer on ready yeah
this one's almost empty all right that's
fair yeah well Mike I did not like
American ultra very much but clearly
that's my fault
because I don't like original ideas are
you referencing max landis comments well
I think you know it's certainly the
audience's fault if a movie flops and a
filmmaker should absolve themselves of
any responsibility but their movie tanks
and isn't very good well we had the
director of such classic films what Hey
yeah I would I would trust that man
directing my script oh me ma it's such a
great job Finding Nemo my name is career
we had a fundable job entrance we're
gonna fight me mother's car gates
running good gonna find Nima's swinging
from rafters in his basement
ah what are we talking about oh we're
talking about Project X
Matthew Broderick and a monkey I'd
rather see that there were lots of lots
of mentions of monkeys yeah because I
guess the word monkey get a lot of
comedic mileage out of just the word the
welder it was dead silent the theater
the whole time until like the redneck
guy goes hey she fucks monkeys it's true
and then everyone started laughing I
thought it started off the setup was
clunky the middle was tedious and it had
some fun stuff towards the end there was
a there was a brief little moment when
when it was working and that was the
part when the CIA woman and she comes in
and she she tries to you know reactivate
his brain feed him the code words that
reactivate the the super soldier inside
of him because when I see Jesse
Eisenberg I think action star super
soldier Jerry progressives listen
Mandelbrot set is in motion echo choir
has been breached
is that uh lirikrip something well the
CIA operates like the mob in this movie
there's constant like backstabbing and
at the end of the movie Bill Pullman is
like a top FBI guy or CIA guy and he
takes I guess do we care about spoilers
well obviously he takes somebody out
into the woods that disobeyed orders or
went behind his back and he just shoots
them in the woods like like like we're
watching Miller's Crossing or something
okay so that's the set up of the movie
basically what you said he works in the
convenience store Connie Britton shows
up and she says the codewords to
reactivate him so he can fight back
against Topher Grace who wants to
eliminate him all that would have been
much better if we didn't already know
everything about Jesse Eisenberg's
backstory that's what drove me nuts like
I'm picturing like I mean I guess some
stuff is given away in the trailers or
whatever but first of all we start with
a framing device it's completely
pointless where any sort of threat or
tension is gone because we know he
survives everything because we're seeing
the aftermath of it of him being
interrogated or whatever if it was like
some strange woman comes into his
convenience stores she says he's weird
words what's going on there's more of a
mystery element instead everything's
just laid out before we even get to that
scene yes you you want the story to be
two steps ahead of your audience not
your audience to be two steps ahead of
the story it's sort of like a glorified
stoner movie it's like you know if I
wanted like a kind of more of a spunky
funnier girlfriend character who has
some charisma or charm she's also a
wonderful actress
I think the only parts that really
worked in this movie and I think that's
what the audience was wanting from it
was kind of there was a lot of like I
don't want say witty but there was a lot
of dry kind of sarcastic humor like in
terms of the contrast of a like a stoner
guy be having being a secret operative
like how he handles that and he kind of
says some funny lines like there's a
part where he's negotiating on the phone
with Topher Grace and he's just like how
do we do this this thing and he's a
little clunky in it and I think some of
the humor came from that but it was so
sporadic how the fuck did this happen I
shot those guys in the head and that guy
like I spooned him in the neck and his
shit just like ended why are people
trying to stab you I don't know Shh I
don't know but I am I'm like freaking
out all over the place babe I have like
a lot of anxiety about this Jesse
Eisenberg works as Mark Zuckerberg and
that's kind of it um but he doesn't work
as a STONER and he doesn't work as a
badass killing machine either yeah you
need someone who with good comedic
timing who could kind of play the like
the confuse Jesse Eisenberg always just
looks like he looks like Easter Island
statue like he always just is just like
yeah well I've seen interviews with a
mean he's very very serious he takes
himself very seriously and he comes
across sort of pretentious yeah like a
like a more of a laid-back you don't
want to do all the dumb stoner cliches
and I kind of liked was I'm gonna say I
thought basically like the poster for
this movie and some of the trailers and
stuff I thought it was going to be more
of a stoner comedy and I'm glad it
wasn't is just his character just
happened to be a stoner yeah kind of it
and they didn't go crazy with that I
know you hate that when they're like ooh
hood yeah the room is like psychedelic
colors you know all those cuz it's like
the laziest easiest humor I kept
thinking of Jeff Bridges in The Big
Lebowski like no sure you know the dude
is the dude and he's laid back but he's
thrown into this like big plot and he's
just sort of like what yeah can you
imagine at the dude suddenly turned into
an action star in scenes like yeah not
no I wouldn't I wouldn't someone who has
that kind of charisma and and plays the
role with a little bit of fun
yeah he always looks like he's on edge
even when he's supposed to be like
stoned and just relaxing at his job and
you're not caring about anything so
we're asked to believe this wacky
premise which is somehow looks like a
depressing dark independent film and
then there are CIA scenes which look
like an Austin Powers movie and then all
of a sudden everything becomes ultra
violent yes and disturbing which is the
other part of our discussion mm-hmm well
I'm a fan of excessive violence in the
right context
and in this movie it felts needlessly
excessive yes I'm not I'm not a prude by
any means I love horrible graphic
violence in certain things but in this
movie it was like off-putting and weird
and like why are we doing this now their
first action scene that we see felt like
a direct-to-video action b-movie it was
like a terribly shot yeah Wow that's
what happens when you cast Jesse
Eisenberg as your action star
oh where are we at uh tone is that kind
of what we were talking about tone Lok
bulky komak beat up count Lok heated the
score for the film funky cold Medina I
really liked the that they went with
stock music for their action sequences
rock and roll
you're listening to a demo from stock
music dotnet you can do like the this
movie had some really awkward tonal
shifts and you can do that in a way
where that works like I was thinking of
super like yeah that's a movie that I
think does it perfectly but this is just
like awkward and like the pacing was
awkward everything about it was just off
uh-huh
there's stuff that's really funny and
the stuff that's really scary and
there's stuff that's really violent and
there's stuff that's really emotional
and I think all those things put
together kind of make me make you swing
in so many emotional directions it's a
real press that's what Kristen Stewart
is his little character undercover
character was supposed to kind of like
guide him back into normal life and then
go back to the CIA but she falls in love
with him and stays with them for five
years and why does she fall in love with
him we don't know anything about his
character at the beginning of the movie
uh well he's he loves her okay I guess
that's sufficient motivation yeah I
worked for 15 Twilight movies so so then
yeah he and he also Topher Grace also
hates Connie Britton calls her a dumb
bitch
fucking bitch yeah whoa and some really
quality dialogue you cunt you elderly
dog you elderly kunti dog bitch and he's
angry and I don't know why because now
he has a big job like a big boy and he's
angry and he hates women so so his
character just decides to on a go rogue
essentially and go on a mission to get
all these goons that he's hired to kill
Michael Cera no Jesse guys Jesse
Eisenberg yeah well I think that
remember when they had them all on the
truck like all the good secret operative
guys those were all like failed or
somewhat failed people of the ultra
program right is that what it was
happening yeah they weren't just like
SWAT teams or something they were like
cuz they yeah no no they were yeah
they're a part of this this project so
he wanted to use all of them
just to go after the one because he was
so angry he was living in a town in West
Virginia and working at a gas station or
working at a quick stop in the middle of
the night
yeah just he just took it upon himself
to eliminate all the previous ultra
people that were living in undercover
apparently he's been doing this without
anyone else in the CIA noticing I guess
except for Bill Pullman well Bill
Pullman finds out and he sends a secret
phone call to Connie Britton and not to
prevent it just to tell her that it's
going to happen as a courtesy as a
courtesy yeah for no reason he says
you're gonna put your puppy down so I
just wanted to let you know that but I
didn't expect you to do anything about
it yeah so why did he even tell her and
he as a courtesy as a courtesy he calls
her and he uses the filter on the phone
that makes him sound like Satan from the
South Park moon I don't know I feel
supposed to be funny or spooky or what
but and then they show Bill Pullman in
the beginning like watching the
interrogation of Jesse Eisenberg in the
pre flashbacks yeah in the the
wraparound yeah which was completely
worthless and useless
and then there's a stupid scene where he
orders a drone strike to eliminate the
entire town
oh yeah and Buster Buster Bluth done
decides at the last minute to not let it
happen for some reason Buster Bluth is
is in charge of the third code yeah why
he's he charge of the third cool and
Topher Grace is like yelling on the
phone like going bloodshed
I thought Topher Grace was in charge of
the entire operation why is buster bluth
the man with the whip because Topher
Grace called him big it's because he had
to make a decision whether or not to
help his best friend Connie Britton
right which is were brought up earlier
he drops her in like information or
something yeah then his that's his
character arc is that he and then Topher
Grace calls him and he's mad that he was
helping Connie Britton and he says no
don't do that send a drone so he sends
the drone and then he changes his mind
at the last minute yep he becomes a man
even though they make fun of him being
homosexual
because he on his phone call it's his
boyfriend with a picture of a dog
calling so I guess homosexuals don't
have like a backbone but he develops one
develops oh yeah yeah there wasn't a
point to him being gay I don't know if
that was just like he'll just be gay and
I just character but and I don't know if
him like taking a stand and not
unleashing the drone had anything to do
with him being gay I think he's supposed
to be gay
although him getting a call from it
could have been his girlfriend - it
doesn't matter
boyfriend there wasn't or whatever
there's no point to that regardless yeah
what was the point of the movie was it
to make you laugh was it to enthrall you
like an action film well that's the
problem is like it's not as a comedy
it's not very funny
and as an action thriller it's not very
exciting but it's not an action movie
yeah it wants to be I think in parts in
parts but then in parts it wants to be
like a dry independent black comedy and
then in parts it wants to be
the Bourne Identity and it doesn't work
as any of those things really the blood
identity the blunt identity the board
identity oh my goodness what is that
shit this is where it's at this is the
this is that it just doesn't even work
anymore
ah such comfort in design such flawless
execution everyone should own one of
thee I agree I agree man come on just
give us like - let's talk about max
landis the writer of this film we
usually don't talk about the
screenwriter no no well this is this is
partially the motivation for seeing the
movie because he made some tweets that
have become somewhat infamous I'm just
going to go for a minute I want to say
this I stop myself from tweeting it max
landis made some tweets who are you
questioning if the reason the movie flop
is because mainstream audiences don't
care about original ideas anymore so I'm
left with an odd thing here which is
that American ultra lost - a sequel SiC
will reboot biopic cygwin rebus leads me
to a bit of a conundrum
why American author had good ads big
stars a fun idea and honestly it's a
good movie isn't it American ultra was
also beaten by the critically reviled
hitman agent 47 and sinister despite
being a better reviewed film than either
am I wrong it's trying to make original
movies in a big way just not a bad
career path anymore for anyone but a
Tarantino or Nolan this hacks the
question is has that changed I wish I
could say ultra was a bad movie but it
isn't divisive sure but better than
others this week it seems the reviews
didn't even matter the movie didn't
matter the argument that can and will be
made as big level original ideas don't
money feel like I learned a lesson here
but I have no idea what it is
I want to joke there's only so many
times people will go see Thor - and it's
it's it's odd timing because max landis
wrote Chronicle which was directed by
josh trank who directed the Fantastic
Four film so within a month of each of
those movies releases both of them
respectively made controversial tweets
blaming everyone but themselves for
their movies failures they came across
whiny and arrogant
so my question is
did nobody care about this movie because
it was an original idea um it's an
interesting question because I read an
interview with max landis and I didn't
see his tweets but I saw his comments
about original ideas Hollywood shouldn't
make original ideas anymore because
American ultra failed yeah and I'll only
think people want to see are we make
sequels reboots etc and it's funny
because American Ultra is out I think it
has like a 40 something rating on Rotten
Tomatoes well he also tweeted negatively
about Rotten Tomatoes now that's bad for
film criticism then two other films came
out this I think the same weekend as
American ultra sinister 2 and hitman 47
and they made 47 of those movies no it's
based on a video game and I think it has
like a four percent online tomato
something very low hit I'm 47 and of
course sinister 2 is a sequel so video
game and movie and a sequel yeah and so
it's not and then of course Fantastic
Four which is a reboot based on a comic
book so it's not a guaranteed thing
either way right idea is original or
reboot or remake that either way it's
going to be bad or unwanted yeah it just
depends on the quality of the material
well you also wonder is he talking about
mainstream like big release movies
because if he's talking about movies as
a whole you think of just like last year
like boyhood you know which we weren't
fans of but that was a big hit
critically it did very very well for an
independent movie you have movies like
you know Birdman Nightcrawler
the whiplash yeah whiplash like all
these movies original movies done very
very well so it makes you wonder like is
he just talking about big mainstream
movies and if that's the case why would
he be focused exclusively on those
you're not looking at movies as a whole
yeah he's putting his film up there with
the Avengers and big tentpole summer
movies and and I think his film needs to
be in the red box you know I mean it's
not so much the writing it's just the
idea is is kind of stale and pointless
yeah well some movies flop because of
word-of-mouth or it gets out very early
that movie sucks this is a movie it's
got middle interviews it's not and it's
not a terrible movie as much as we've
been making fun of it but I think it's
also marketing is a part of it where
it's like American ultra what does that
title mean you know so you got the title
where you're like huh you've got Jesse
Eisenberg and you're like yeah and then
you have Kristen Stewart and you're like
nope so that that combination of the
three just leads to nobody really
interested in the movie they should have
put Buster Bluth on the poster
see I gay ahem I'm holding like a little
dog yeah that would have probably done
better see I would CCI gay yeah he has a
little pooch you know like a like a
man-purse mm-hmm and he's got a gun and
he's like how do we use it I'm a
homosexual who do what far gone but I'm
in the CIA's mom so he would be thrown
into situations where he has to fire his
gun and his preferred his preferred
piece is like a tiny little lady gun and
then his little like Chihuahua runs up
and like jumps of the bad guys face and
goes are we sure we didn't just
time-travel to the 80s but with us yeah
when a movie like this would actually
get made
what's your meeting s a hell why are
there men
hazmat suits thanks to your actions to
CIA assets are dead did you think up on
me please tell me you did not just hang
up on me
what would you say positives were I
don't know Connie Britton was good I
like I like to see the location of the
little kwik-e-mart place I like movies
said in little convenience crappy
convenience stores for some reason so I
like that the idea of having an action
scene surrounding that's and then an
action scene and like a was it called
max max well max value like that like a
Walmart type store or like I think
that's kind of fun okay even even if the
execution of that scene wasn't that
great I thought the idea of it was kind
of fun it was supposed to be a single
shot but it's clearly not it's lots of
digital trickery so it's like half-assed
at the badass one-shot action scene
half-assed badass half-assed badass oh
boy if I were a film fest about a better
title in American ultra cuz maybe people
to know what the fuck it's about then
half-assed badass let's roll with this
all right what do we got will cast Jesse
Eisenberg the laziest
CIA rich Ivan's stars is half-assed FS
badass coming next winter
Oh Gilda frying-pan blood trick so Mike
would you recommend American ultra do
you ever when we were leaving the
theater and the guy in front of us was
like I thought it was gonna be about
cigarettes
the only movie you should confuse with
being about cigarettes as I love you
Philip Morris so what are you asking me
again would you recommend this film um
no okay
I want neither miss Kay horribly miscast
very to varying of tones it's not funny
enough and it's ultra violent and
ultimately pointless and the plot is not
interesting or revealing your your three
steps ahead of the movie you want it to
be over and then you have to watch
sickening violence and then you have to
watch Kristen Stewart try to act
yeah and that's that's more sickening
than the violence well take my car and
we'll go to stone you want to get okay
no no I recognize that now as like a
faux pas oh my goodness the phone is
ring oh my god
lightning-fast VCR repair ah yes we do
screenplay consulting let me just get
your name down the max landis is a la
ndis yeah we'll take a look at it give
you some thoughts yeah hey I saw you in
that that film about the the marine dog
I thought it was excellent and I thought
you did a really good job especially
your delivery on the line woof woof woof
woof woof was especially perfect yes I
didn't know you wrote scripts yeah what
do you have a special device that
translates your barks into dialogue or
do you use do your paws mash down on the
keyboard
okay mags alright we'll talk later bye
