Oct 11, 2015
2015 Re-cap (So Far)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y73M4Ct9fUI
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/653214891512238081
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153202192242634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-2015-re-cap-so-far

Half in the bag.
Ain't nothing funnier than a good old-fashioned poop joke.
I love coffee with a little splash of
Bailey's that there's no coffee in there
mmm I just said that well Jake's getting
on in the year the years almost over
there's only one more movie to look
forward to
what's that The Hunger Games part for
Mockingjay part 2
oh and I guess that's Star Wars things
coming out are they still doing those
yeah they're still making them yeah so
have you seen any other films this year
I'm sure you have I've seen plenty of
films one I saw just came out it came
out the same weekend as Everest and it's
called the green inferno from critical
Darlene Eli Roth he made such hit films
as cabin fever he did Kevin fear and
what else you did hostile and hostile
too and then he didn't make any movies
for he years but now he's back with a
movie he shot two years ago that got
caught up in legal trouble and it's just
now released the same year is another
movie that he has coming out I guess and
what is the green inferno it's about
people an Amazon jungle it's it's a
throwback Amazon cannibal movie and it's
the funniest movie of the year except
for the parts where it's trying to
actually be funny which is horribly
embarrassing and falls flat and why was
the film so bad is it like bad in a
electro McConnel a no it's it's not I
mean there are parts that are trying to
be funny you've seen cabin fever I like
I actually don't like yeah a lot of
people don't like Eli Roth aye aye
aside from writing sort of like
douchebag characters I like cabin fever
because it's so weird and this movie
similar but the weirdness feels
inappropriate because it's trying to be
this sort of like gritty it's I mean
it's a throwback to movies like and it's
interesting because it's been released
to its release your Blum house cuz every
horror movie is released through blue
Mouse so it's like I'm picturing people
don't want to go see let's go see scary
movies it seems their company named
outhouse
but yeah they put out you know insidious
sinister so I'm picturing people like oh
let's go see a new scary movie I'm gonna
go to this and it's the most extreme
grotesque disgusting thing I've seen get
a wide release in forever like I can't
even think the last time I saw a movie
like this where people were walking out
in anger well it really upset people
because the first big cannibal scene is
genuinely upsetting like I mean I've
seen everything so it wasn't that
graphic for me but for a mainstream
audience like it's not jump scares it's
just more of like a visceral and
grotesque reaction and that first scene
is really well handled or they take one
of the guys one of the activists they
throw them on this this rock so they
they scoop out his eyeballs and they eat
them and then they cut off his tongue
and they eat his tongue this is all
shown in graphic detail and then they
cut off each limb one by one and then
they cook a meal and they cut off the
skin and they show all the little
villagers eating it meanwhile our
activists are kept in a little cage and
they're looking on like oh my god and
then one of the activists says oh I feel
sick like not like I'm gonna vomit but
like stomach sick because they're in the
Amazon and then she starts having
diarrhea with comical fart sound effects
and all of the other activists are like
oh my god like they're more disgusted by
that I was like what are you doing the
movie fell off the rails and turned to
complete schlock cuz it's totally a mess
well what's wrong with that I mean that
sounds amazing
it's I know it is I was thoroughly
entertained for the movie but more than
mainly because that's like there's this
genuinely horrific sequence that worked
really well and I was like oh that's how
the movies gonna be like this will be
like a nightmare and in an interesting
way
and then Cemile II immediately followed
up with like dumb fart jokes you're like
what and then the rest of the movie is
kind of like that where there's like
just complete tonal inconsistencies dumb
character decisions but you are
entertained but I was thoroughly
entertained and in a way where it almost
feels like because this was released got
such a wide release and there hasn't
been movies like this you know and
forever getting seen by a general
audience or it almost feels subversive
where it's like I was looking around the
theater and seeing people like genuinely
of
which made it more entertaining to me
well that's good though it's kind of a
piece of crap
but it's paying homage to movies that
were already pieces of crap but it was
playing next to a walk in the woods
you know let's go a grind house you kind
of throw back yeah and not not in a way
like there's not like dumb like I hate
all these grind house homage movies they
put the bad grain filter on it that's a
new title this is where almost like I
think Eli Roth thought he was doing a
Tarantino thing where he takes these
exploitation elements and sort of
elevates them but all he was doing was
making something just as dumb and bad as
those which worked for me
well our other films that we've seen
this year have we talked about ex
machina at all I don't think we've
touched on it at all but we both saw ex
machina whores of course it was
excellent it was excellent excellent
over the next few days you're gonna be
the human component in the turning test
one day the a eyes we're gonna look back
on us same when we look at fossils
hello
well I appreciated the simplicity of it
I think about movies that I saw this
year that I really liked kind of have
that in common like simple concise
storytelling in ex machina because I
think I've said before like I have a
problem with AI movies where it's like
no matter how hard they want me to care
I still see just a robot and this movie
towards especially towards the end
without giving anything away it sort of
subverts that in an interesting way that
made it a much more complex and
interesting movie to me plus Poe Dameron
does a great job who Oscar Isaac Oscar
Isaac yeah his character's name in Star
Wars Poe Dameron it's something like
that I don't know these Oscar Isaac is
amazing in it he's great now yep there's
a nice switch of his character from no
spoilers yeah solid movie if it's a 70s
movie he's right out of plucked right
out of the 1970s not in terms of style
but just as far as like intelligent
sci-fi goes and well style too I mean
definitely the intelligence and the
slow-moving and but like really nothing
nothing visually exciting happens ever
it's all guttural characters you're not
Mysterio a great scene where Oscar Isaac
dances yes of us in there yeah it's
really it really is I think aside from
well not even a side room I think with
Mad Max it's right up there as far as
the best movies of the year goes yeah we
talked about the lies you've been
spinning me
what will happen to me if I fail you a
test
now that and another film I saw called
the Lazarus effect is that a movie yeah
I'd like to talk about that briefly it
starred Olivia Wilde it's gonna say
Oscar Wilde
I was combining Oscar Isaac into living
alone yeah they're both their father is
Oscar Wilde the author
Olivia Wilde and I had gosh it had some
other noteworthy actors in it but it was
just the biggest pile of shit I could
have said release in theaters I think it
had a small release in theaters okay I
saw it in the red box the red box pooped
it out red box generate movies now where
it's like in the machine itself but just
like complexity elements and outcomes a
movie there's a lot of movies that are
made overseas that have American actors
in them I think that's almost all
Nicolas Cage does anymore yeah and
they're made in foreign countries and
they you know they scrape up like
Nicolas Cage or Sigourney Weaver Al
Pacino
you know people there and there's still
big stars but they're not big stars and
then they put it in the red box and
everyone's like what's this I never
heard of this did they like they shoot
it in a week in between the real movies
but I don't I don't know I think about
the Lazarus effect other than it was the
biggest pile of horse crap I've ever
seen
well Mike I saw a documentary film
called call me lucky
directed by Bobcat Goldthwait who the
last couple movies he's done
I've been crap but I still think he's an
interesting filmmaker because everything
he does is so drastically different
world's greatest dad was not crap
world's greatest dad is great that's one
of the funniest movies of the last ten
years but the two movies he did after
that he did Willow Creek the Blair Witch
movie with Bigfoot in it and then he did
before that he did god Bless America
which was just completely flatline
attempted satire but but world's
greatest dad is amazing and I think
Bobcat Goldthwait's an interesting
person so you made this documentary
about a stand-up comedian named Barry
Crimmins who is very well loved very
well respected in the stand-up comedy
world's big back in the like 80s the
kind of heyday of stand-up comedy not
really well known now like I wasn't
familiar with him at all
so there's all these comedians talking
about how well-respected he is in the
world of stand-up comedy and so I was
thinking it was I didn't know anything
about it going into it I thought it was
just oh here's this guy but without
giving anything away the second half
takes a drastic turn a drastic turn as
far as revelations about his childhood
has passed his life and where his life
goes after being a stand-up comedian as
a result of things that happened to him
as a child
and returned like Bill Cosby drastic
turn no no he's not not anything where
he turns out to be a monster but in a
way where it ends up turning into one of
the most like gripping and
heart-wrenching movies I've seen in a
long time also without giving anything
away but yeah it's worth it's worth
checking out and what's it called it's
called call me lucky well that's lucky
you saw it then why do you say that I
mean it was good
so Mike what else did you see
well I think you also saw it but I saw a
speaking of documentaries I saw a Pho
documentary called
what we do in the shadows no I haven't
seen that what's I know everyone keeps
saying I gotta see it it's pretty good
it's pretty good at stars the guy one of
the guys from Flight of the Conchords
which everything play to conquer conquer
it's funny yeah yeah I don't see funny
things apparently Flight of the
Conchords has has forever ruined the New
Zealand accent for me in a serious
setting okay so I was laughing this
entire time we watched Everest oh yeah
because they all have the New Zealand
accents so if you see if you like to fly
you the Conchords
they say speak they speak funny but it's
it's I mean Clement is his name by the
way Germaine Clement yeah Jemaine is it
the same we've got to go to work Jemaine
it's it's not just him being like it's
the same team no no the other guy is not
in it
okay I mean like behind the scenes isn't
it yeah yeah the guy who plays um
their their manager their band manager
in Flight of the Conchords is also in it
and I'm assuming it's a lot of the same
production people because of shut New
Zealand but it's a fake documentary
about vampires when you get three
vampires and they fled obviously there's
going to be a pension viago was an 18th
century slave is a bit of a pervert this
is my torture chamber Deacon's like the
young bad boy of the group I was
supposed to pay rent but I don't trouble
with being a vampire he's
have to be invited in need some fresh
blood so and it's I think it's mostly
improvised so there's a lot of a lot of
funny moments it's not like the most
brilliant thing ever and there's some
parts that where the improvisation feels
a little weak but it's it's a good movie
it's really funny
and I'm surprised you can see it I
haven't seen it I haven't gotten around
to it everyone tells me to see it yeah
it's it's definitely worth checking out
what's what's the I know it's not like a
fake documentary about vampires but
what's the plot of it it's really like
these these guys come to document
vampires and then there's a very old one
there's one like a classic Nosferatu
looking one that lives in the basement
doesn't come out of his coffin there's
not remain Clements characters like from
like the 1800s and then there's a
there's a brand-new vampire who becomes
a vampire during the process so it's
sort of like a day in the life or a
day-to-day kind of thing
no no like different eras of vampires
there's different eras of vampires and
they all decide to go out in the town
and you know it's sort of like vampires
are an accepted thing and it's just a
simple little little premise that they
built up jokes around it
have you seen any other films this year
yes
tell me about it well I saw another
documentary called lost-soul : long
title something they did horrible
journey something of Richard Stanley and
it's about did you ever see the 90s
island of dr. Moreau movie no no in a
remote laboratory an exiled scientist
created something impossible
unmistakably human undeniably animal on
the island of dr. Moreau
the inspiration for mini-me or Marlon
Brando is this little monster sidekick
character I've never seen that movie
either but I was interested in this
documentary because I'm interested in
documentaries about movies that didn't
happen like I talked about last year
Jodorowsky's do and there's been a lot
of those lately and this one is about
this director Richard Stanley who is
sort of an up-and-coming director he did
a movie called hardware which I don't
like and they did a movie called dust
devil which I haven't seen but he was
there sort of you know independent
movies and he got involved with the
studio system making island of dr.
Moreau is like his ambition you know his
life's ambition
so he gets involved things go wrong the
studio fires him right into the
beginning of shooting they bring in John
Frankenheimer so just about all this
like unraveling and like how nobody sets
out to make a bad movie but they're all
these different too many cooks and the
kitchen
type of thing the interesting thing is
that the documentary actually gets way
more interesting after Richard Stanley
is fired and has nothing to do with the
story because that's when Marlon Brando
becomes a crazy person and makes all
these weird demands Richard Stanley
starts living in the woods like he
didn't just leave him or where they were
filming it but he didn't he just started
living in the woods and at one point
crew members that were still working on
the movie found him out there and they
really come back to the set so he hit
onto the he got onto the set by wearing
one of the monster costumes and was just
like checking it out and Val Kilmer's
ego was out of control and just all
these stories about like this complete
disaster of a shoot that gets even worse
after Richard Stanley left the project
from director John Frankenheimer
directed by John Frankenheimer John
Frankenheimer so even though her just an
Lee's name is in the title of the film
the most interesting parts of it are
after he has left the project would you
call it a modern day hearts of darkness
I'm nothing is as bad as hearts of
darkness as far as a shoot goes except
for maybe Fitzcarraldo well hundreds of
darkness wasn't a shoe that's a
documentary about Apocalypse Now
understand that your facts straight you
know what it's not it comparable to that
because Apocalypse Now is a great movie
and from by all accounts Island dr. Rose
like a disaster but there is one
connecting factor between both films oh
yeah the little midget guys in balls the
little midget guys in pop knowing that
the odds were stacked against me I
resorted to witchcraft
Buffett wondered what happened to
Richard Stanley oh I know we both saw
Maggie
oh yeah Maggie I've already forgotten
most of Maggie that's it's I I thought
it was okay but I don't remember most is
I remember you telling me Schwarzenegger
did a great job in it no oh yeah I
thought it I thought he was sucks I
thought he was used appropriately or the
like this guy's not a good actors so
we'll give him very few lines and let
him just like his face do the talking
yeah but that didn't even work he was
okay but like you know he doesn't not
have facially act his acting is kicking
doors open I didn't like Fortson anger
in that but the glow girl was good
Maggie's about a father on a farm and
zombie apocalypse and his little
daughter has the the plague yes the
zombie 'no sand and it's slowly gonna
happen right
they generally isn't it like they turn
the people that are going to turn into
zombies they turn him over to the the
girls yeah they send them to like a kind
of some kind of a camp was quarantined i
think they come round and which
basically is like some kind of horrific
nightmare where they eat each other and
they just get put in a big pen there's
some sort of terrible thing so he's
trying to keep his daughter from that
happening to her and then and then the
movie ends I mean it's basically a
metaphor for you know letting a person
and you know that's a loved one that
it's a nice yeah it's a nice yes it's a
disease yeah letting learning to let go
yeah it's more of a drama than a horror
film and I don't know boy is it
depressing yeah it's it's a manaat' a
lot happens in it I thought it was kind
of dull for the most part but I'd like
sure it's an anger in it I think it's
more like it's almost like the Stallone
thing like now that they're olds they
just like you look at their face and you
see all this history on their face and
so seeing him try to act sad I think it
like I don't know for me it didn't
formed that character more than just a
generic actor in that part
you
I think you saw this movie as well but I
saw welcome to me starring Kristen Wiig
have you seen in this film I have and I
rather enjoyed it I liked it a lot too I
think it's a really solid comedy premise
which for anyone that isn't familiar
with this movie it's she is what's what
is her issue she's mentally unstable
yeah
the Kristen Wiig character is mentally
unstable to say the least and she wins
the lottery and she uses her newfound
money to create her own television show
and pay a company to produce her show so
it's a person with mental problems with
their own talk show it's it's funny but
it's not like wacky funny like there's a
weak like because she has a history
she's to be a veterinarian so there's
like a montage of a week-long a week a
week's worth of episodes where every day
she's just neutering dogs yeah the
company is run by James Marsden I
believe and who else
music yeah and they're selling like
weight-loss pills or it's some sort of
like infomercials oh yeah one of those
cheap oh yeah and they have their own
network or their own TV station yeah and
she comes in and starts flashing money
around they're like okay you know the
diet pills we're not selling them very
well if that's what it is it's something
like that yeah yeah yeah yeah but
they're like okay and they're like it's
just ethically correct to a crazy person
run their show just because she's giving
your money in there but they need the
money yeah and so there's that conflict
there and and but at first it was like
annoying the first like I don't know act
of the movie was annoying to me and then
it started getting really weird and then
it bestirred becoming really fun yeah
well she just has all these like bizarre
ideas and bizarre like requests for
things she wants and everyone is just
like letting her have it because he's
giving the money um yeah I just thought
it was like a solid premise for a comedy
oh and I want to come in on a swan boat
there off your meds you're living in a
reservation casino and you're hosting
your own talk show it's a new era
eighty-six million dollar Ellis we go
live in five four three
why shouldn't I think she's frozen
anyway she has a therapist and then you
know I just the very interesting
character and it's not like goofy funny
it's not like the hints of UHF in there
a little oh sure but but not that's a
polar opposite sucker brothers type good
idea but but as far as like somebody
shouldn't be running a television
station it's more like it was this the
content there produce a very strange
awkward humor yeah and I like that
Kristen Wiig like bridesmaids there was
like a huge movie and she could have
done she could have gone to most of
mccarthy route just on all these big
broad comedies and she's kind of went
the other way she's been all these
little interesting she's done a lot of a
lot of smaller films you know smaller
dramatic roles and now she's in the
Martian too and welcome to me
well I both sigh welcome to me right I
would recommend that what else have you
seen anything you disliked I saw the
cobbler oh my god Adam Sandler in the
house in the mountain this is what I saw
completely just out of morbid curiosity
which is always a bad idea I saw them I
just just saw the poltergeist remake for
the same reason I saw that in the
theater oh my god that is a funny funny
film we get to the poltergeist remake
but I saw the cobbler because it was on
Netflix I was like all right people are
saying this is the worst thing ever I've
seen Adam Sandler movies I know what the
worst thing ever is this can't be that
bad
because this is made by a real filmmaker
the guy who did it at the station agent
with Peter Dinklage which is a great
little movie and he did the visit with
Richard Jenkins so it's like oh this
guy's made some interesting you know
character driven dramas the cobbler is
one of the worst Adam Sandler movies
I've ever seen it's unbelievable it's so
wrong headed so like what were they
thinking kind of premise or I even know
what the premise of the movie is they
make shoes he's a cobbler in New York
and he finds met his it was his dad's
business and now it's his business and
he finds this magical cobbler machine in
the basement of the store that when he
repairs somebody's shoes on it and he
puts on those shoes he turns into that
person so it spiritually or physically
physically so like if he's wearing the
shoes to other people he looks like
whoever the owner of the shoes is okay
so he uses that to there's a like a guy
that always comes into a store who has
this beautiful wife and that guy drops
off his shoes so Adam Sandler gobbles
his shoes so he looks like the husband
and then goes into their house while the
woman is taking a shower and is ready to
have sex with her
which is basically rape not basically
like oh they do have sex no the only
thing preventing him from doing so is
the fact that he would have to take off
his shoes to get into the shower so if
it wasn't for that our hero would have
raped a woman and
yeah so that happens there's twists at
the end of the movie that is the dumbest
thing possible which I'm gonna spoil
because why not the whole thing is like
oh my dad left I don't know what he just
abandoned me when I was a kid that's
Adam Sandler's character and did the
whole movie the next-door neighbor the
guy who runs the barber shop next door
Steve Buscemi and that's like his friend
Steve Buscemi that's who he confides in
turns out Steve Buscemi's his dad who's
been wearing the cobbler boots for
decades that makes me want to kill
myself
it's Thor's thing it's the word it's
almost worth seeing just for how awful
it is it's almost mind bogglingly bad
Wow well mind-bogglingly bad and Adam
Sandler's often paired together in
sentences I would say no most of his
movies are just bad where they're just
sewed like dumb and crass this one is is
fascinatingly bad okay okay well it
feels like it could be one of those like
you know to walk a mile in someone
else's shoes like some sort of morality
thing but that it's not it's just a I'm
Sandler wearing other people's shoes and
doing goofy things and oh the other
thing he does is because he lives with
his mom and moms like oh I miss my
husband if I could only see him for one
more day so Adam Sandler puts on his
dad's shoes and has a nice romantic
evening with his mom holy fuck that's
weird but his dad was still alive but
his dad was still alive and he was
disguised as Steve Buscemi next to her
at the barber shop the entire why
wouldn't his dad as he's trying to
escape from his mother
there's no no there was some sort of
explanation I don't know I was too like
flabbergasted to pay attention to the
exposition at that point right why would
you want to be Steve Buscemi
mr. e ok I'm not I'm not gonna eat you
well I'm gonna do this next one real
fast just recently and I saw black mass
starring Johnny Depp
oh you saw and friends a solid film ok a
solid gangster movie
it's no good fellows nothing will ever
be but it's good in the beginning Jim
was just a small town plate it's a very
smart disciplined man take your shot but
make it you better see cuz I get up I
eat he's a low time gangster and he
becomes big time but he becomes he's an
informant for the FBI for years and
years and years because his buddies in
the FBI this whole criminal ring there's
a bunch of murders and backstabbing and
gruesome scenes some really good
performances a little little unfocused
on the storyline you know but how was
Johnny Depp in it cuz he hasn't like
given a real performance and forever
he's good he's really good the only
thing is that for some reason he had to
look like the guy in real life so he has
like like a bald cap on and like dr.
evil blue eyes like contact lenses that
are really obviously blue contact lenses
okay it's very distracting
he's unrecognizable I had to see with
him where his face is inches from mine
and there is no sense of another person
being behind those eyes that hair those
teeth
those scars he's amazing just does he
have to look exactly like I'm doing the
transformation thing is more distracting
than if he just what he was just himself
yeah because I'm sitting there looking
at his hairline and his bald cap I'm
like there was the makeup see no there's
oh yeah movies on it's wild it's a wild
as you sort of forget what Johnny Depp
looks like but you know if you could
look past that a little distracting but
other than that is a good film I mean
there's a good box can we tell the
poltergeist remake this is the epitome
of pointless remake it brings nothing
new to it does nothing interesting it
brings a lot of humor to a humorless
movie I don't know what like into
unintentional I really well I it's a
very good Sam Rockwell comedy well Sam
Rockwell elevates anything he's he's
hysterical and he's like this irritated
father who just wants to get a job
yeah but he's burdened by poltergeist
that's true yeah yeah I think it's like
I'm going to the store with my credit
card now buying a bunch ah fuck this
poltergeist again and at the end he's
like let's go already come on
well they noticed like a Sam Rockwell is
a great actor and and he's just fine
with the material up until like the CG
takes over and then he looks like he's
lost in the woods it's not even built on
an Indian Indian barrel burial ground
Sophia and it's not like you know oh
we're safe we think it's over this only
racist I don't know i well know they
mention it they make a joke about it
early on in the movie they're like at
least it's not built on an Indian burial
ground it did cause it to be haunted I
forget it just is oh and then oh the the
the scene in the original poltergeist
where that the older daughter ends up in
the muddy swimming pool and like
skeletons coming out which were real
skeletons by the way I don't know if you
knew that yeah I did it I did but that
was replaced by her going into the
garage and a hand coming out of the
concrete came out but but that whole
thing is like they rescue care in the
originally rescue carol-anne and then
they're like oh we're safe and then it's
revealed like all the skeletons start
popping up and shit goes crazy again I
couldn't tell you the original plot I
know Zelda Rubinstein's in it and I
should have been in this I know she's
dead but I wish she was replaced by
the actor from that British man yeah
when you need a British man you call
this guy he plays a great character
named Lane on Mad Men
okay he's a good actor but yeah I'm just
waiting in this because they do the you
know oh he's a he's a phony like ghost
hunter show now he's a pony ghost hunter
show like investigator guy says wait and
then they say we got to get this guy and
then he shows up and is like okay
they're gonna do that thing really
reveals he's a phony but they don't do
that and he just sort of helps them it
would have been cliche but at least it
would have been something yeah as
opposed to nothing yeah
the idea that there are there ghosts are
real and they are revealed as being real
in the film and Sam Rockwell is just
annoyed is to me the most endearing and
watchable part of the film the and and
I'd if I were to give a positive the
look of the the spirit universe was cool
I guess it was although I wouldn't have
wanted to see it because they don't show
um the first one they just no and that's
something I want to mention is like more
is not always better right and this is
like it's not enough that you have the
little girl talking to the static on the
TV which this is a new movie on their HD
TVs you don't get static but they just
brush over that they did a little
mixture it was like glitch slash static
but whatever it was annoying and but
it's like not enough that she's just
talking to to us we don't hear anything
we don't see anything but you have to
have these hands come onto the screen
and like the part there's a part when
the kid the middle child is like
carrying a box of comic books upstairs
and he gets distracted so he sets him
down he looks into a room and he turns
around he looks back and all the comic
books are stacked up like a house is
like a stack of playing cards and it's
not enough like in the first movie I
remember there's a part where all the
chairs into the terrace yeah and she
looks and they're just there when
there's no music there's no and here I
was like
like this musical sting and it's like
the camera pulls back and it's like
that's not scary
remember remakes ultra guy are they
gonna remake the poltergeist remake are
they even so remakes are so bad that
they're not even giving sequels to remix
no these are all attempts to like start
a new franchise but they all flop no new
Nightmare on Elm Street actually no
they're remaking there is a new
Nightmare on Elm Street but it's not
going to be a sequel to the remake it's
just another new remake a film I rather
enjoyed was film called the overnight
but you still have yet to see oh with
with Piper yes Piper Chapman from orange
is the new black and also Jason
Schwartzman Jason Schwartzman Zinn it
and and Adam Scott is also in it and by
the way Adam Scott is in black mass oh
really has an FBI agent with put the big
seventies mustache oh my god I don't
think I could take that seriously I know
he does not really add much to the movie
he has a couple of lines he's like kind
of stock FBI guy in the background and
it just can't I can't take it seriously
but the overnight is is a really
interesting movie Adam Scott and God
what's her name it's not Piper Chapman
that's that's right Chapman it's fine
Adam Scott and Piper Chapman this woman
has a name and I'm sorry we can't
remember they they moved to LA and they
meet Jason Schwartzman and his wife Mary
they meet Jason's Schwartzman in a park
and he's like come on over you know
suited to meet people in the
neighborhood it and then it becomes a
very very weird evening and as you seen
from the trailer and if they kind of
bill it or they kind of advertise it as
sort of like like a hangover kind of
comedy where it's like whoa weird things
are happening now weird things are
happening but it takes a very very sharp
turn at the end it becomes very sobering
and mature and it's not what I expected
I know right in a good way okay and it
becomes almost uncomfortable but it
becomes you're laughing at all the weird
things that happen not laughing but it's
almost like you know that's kind of
weird and strange and then it takes a
very mature tone at the end in a
satisfying way so it's very different in
that regard it's not The Hangover so I I
really liked it and the posters very
clever you'll get the poster after
you've seen the movie well here's the
poster I don't get it
it's just a French kiss it's just a
friends kiss mm-hmm just a French kiss
it's just a French kiss yes now if
you've seen the movie the overnight I'm
going to segue that into another movie
that I saw recently which has a similar
topic Boulevard the final dramatic
performance from Robin Williams we
should think about accrue some time to
wait
Nolan take a vacation are you happy I
mean you've been here 25 years now right
almost 26 must've thought about making a
change from time to time
it doesn't quite tell you what it's
about in the trailers you say all I've
seen is the poster and he's in a car
yeah that's all I know
yeah well it's not really a spoiler I
guess but gosh I don't even want to talk
about it is it good I mean okay it's
about it's about a 60 year old man
coming out of the closet
essentially okay so kind of living
living a lie and him going through a
change you know becoming the person that
he is meant to be and there's a lot of a
lot of good acting a lot of dramatic
moments
I love you joy
I was never alive
it's just time for us to be in the real
world
r.i.p robin williams and a special
shout-out to mark and Debby Constantino
RI EVP you got that maybe it's never too
late to finally start living the life
you really want
you
I also tried watching Aloha oh god why
the Cameron Crowe film with a 1% run
tomato squirrel oh that bad I didn't
watch the whole thing okay Cameron Crowe
is like the weirdest filmmaker cuz he
did all these movies that people loved
and then he's made nothing but weird
nonsense that everybody hates like the
last 15 years yeah he did Jerry Maguire
and everybody loved that movie I've
never seen it but and then he did like
we bought a zoo no I was that after
Jerry Maguire okay yeah that was a big
movie and that's a good movie We Bought
a Zoo was just like Disney Channels Walt
I saw that actually he did Elizabethtown
which from what I've heard is kind of a
mess yeah I don't know what the deal is
with that Cameron Crowe it's it's weird
because it's about Bradley Cooper he's
like a former military officer and he's
on in Hawaii and a must-own is there and
she's like a go-getter and and then
there's like the native people of Hawaii
and and the US military and it all feels
like like it's a world that you're not
familiar with it feels like jumping into
the middle of the third season of a TV
show I can be like boom here Oh what's
it what's everybody talking about it's
like employees of a company talking shop
and and you don't work there well that
may be the result of I've heard this is
we know someone that knows someone that
was responsible for cutting the trailer
for that film like prior to its release
and according to that person they were
still doing like massive re-edits on the
movie like weeks before it was released
so it's like the people that made it
didn't know what it was yeah so maybe
that might be the result of that yeah it
was very confusing as to what was
happening and I kind of understood what
was happening and then I didn't that it
felt like the old world you weren't
introduced to properly so I was like
Aloha
more like Aloha you want to talk about
accidental love Oh God I you can talk
about it more than I can because I lost
interest after the first 20 minutes I
was like this is weird this doesn't make
sense now I'm bored it's a very strange
movie that's a David O'Russell film
right you sort of sort it was David or
Russell movie that had all sorts of like
financial problems they kept losing the
money for it and then someone recently
decided to finish it and it's like the
worst thing ever no I enjoyed it mr.
Smith goes to Washington meets The
Wizard of Oz at least Allison wanders a
little bit it's John Waters yeah is it a
Tracy Morgan laughs Oh Tracy Morgan is
really funny in it it's very bizarre and
an interesting at first it's bad but
then it kind of grows on you like a
fungus okay it looks like half paying
attention to it after a while because it
started weird where it's like it looks
like a horror movie
yes let's see a comedy and then the
shooting style dramatically changes yeah
and there was like the the cuz what is
it Jessica Biel I think so L Barbie I
don't know it's just gonna be old but
she's the one that gets the nails on her
head right there wasn't who she's with
no no no she gets the nail in her head
her she's with James Marsden he's
military ops and they're at a restaurant
and he's like trying to fix a something
above their table yeah he's got proposed
to her right it's like a social
commentary on the medical healthcare
system she has there's a little bit of
that in there she is this problem it's
not covered by cover medical costs for
these weird incidents that happen yes I
just remember there's lots of really
inappropriate wacky music where it's
like whoever took over this movie to try
and like rillette it and make it a
comedy he was like we gotta let people
know it's a comedy putting this Looney
Tunes music yeah it's a mess
a huge mess but there is it's bizarre
enough to amuse me now can tracy morgan
is really good in it
i love i love his voice and and the way
he delivers comedic lions ouch and i was
more interested in watching it trying to
figure out what it was originally
supposed to be because it was clearly so
manipulated and changed in editing yeah
that's what the original vision was i
saw the main character the woman Jessica
Biel as sort of your your Dorothy and
all the characters are on her and she
goes to the Emerald City trying to
trying to get back home aka get health
care coverage to remove a nail in her
head I would recommend accidental love
it's a it's a strange thing I I would
recommend it just on the weirdness of it
and the way it like like looking at it
as this like mess of a movie but like I
said I after that wore off I kind of
lost interest in it but together we can
make things good again I definitely
think we inspire each other
let me apologize for my insensitive
white friends and take you to Benihana
and smooth via trauma with a sake bomb
well Jay you saw a lot of documentaries
I saw a good documentary too it was
called Mission Impossible rogue nation
starring Tom Cruise Simon Pegg and
Jeremy Renner and Friends based on true
accounts of CIA operative Nathe nathan
hunt Ethan honey I'm sure it's got great
action right everyone he talks about how
much Tom Cruise own stunts let me say
this yes Tom Cruise does his own stunts
there's an amazing sequence ways he
literally holds on to the plane and that
really takes off and they have a cable
around him of course safety but he's
actually on the outside of the plane not
on a green screen and the the the films
that I haven't seen I don't even know if
I saw the first one that's the only one
I've ever seen and that was because it
was a Brian De Palma movie but if
there's any of the sequels well I saw
the last one that was directed by Brad
Bird that was excellent this one was
very good there they have this kind of
tongue-in-cheek tone to them it's not as
serious as I can for an identity or
right there in there meant to be fun the
Bond movies yeah they're there see
there's serious enough to where you
could take it seriously but it's still
kind of fun right and less on the
trailer Simon Pegg does his best role to
impression
let me ask you this though about the
Mission Impossible movies is does Ethan
Hunt have a character see a character or
is he just Tom Cruise Action Man yes
okay
I was curious I think they did a thing
in the last one like with like wife or
something and he had to he had to tell
her tell her she he was dead and really
he wasn't he's going kind rogue or
incognito or something but yeah he
really doesn't
he's action man everyone else does
though to a certain degree but this one
this last one was too like who are you
working for like are you working for
them no I'm working for them it kind of
had that that's the impression I have of
all those movies I haven't seen them but
I feel like everyone is like uh our
organization is disbanding because we
don't know who to trust I feel like yeah
but it's it's it's a framework for for
really well done clever action sequences
and some fun banter yeah so good luck
well I saw a film called back country
which is a back country not back country
yeah what sounds fucking boring is about
farming no no it's about a bear attack
not to be confused with another movie
about a bear attack into the Grizzly
maze during James Marsden that was on my
must-see list see I haven't seen that
film it looks like schlock
but backcountry is the most simple thing
ever it's a couple ghost camping in the
woods and gets attacked by a bear
it could not be a simpler premise but I
really liked it because of that
simplicity it's it's very like just
watching this couple getting to know
them understanding their relationship
and the dynamic between the two of them
and then how they react when a bear
attacks our fucking tent and it's
fucking horrifying what's the rule how
to survive a bear attack Jane what is it
I don't know you don't got to be faster
than the bear you just got to be faster
than your friend
well that okay or I guess your wife say
that applies here yeah it's very like I
conceived some people being bored
because it is a lot of like not not a
documentary feel almost like a home
movie feel like it's not a found-footage
thing but just like lingering on these
people and watching their you know going
out and camping and it's very slow and
methodical but for me that worked
because it made when the bear shows up
more it's more sudden it's more like it
would be in real what they were saying
is they ripped off jaws no no they
didn't rip off jobs because jaws has
more of a plot this is two people go
camping and get attacked by a bear
it's it's the simplest thing ever but
that's what made it work for me is that
simplicity so what you're saying is they
rip up a movie where a guy got eaten by
a bear obviously a man no well grizzly
man that's a completely different story
that's a fascinating characters that's a
real found-footage movies that's the
story of a fucking lunatic I think the
title of Grizzly Man should have been
there bears you fucking moron
I saw another film in the theatre
starred the guy who was interested
development who is this the brother of
Justine Bateman I can't even think of
his name Rick Baker
oh no he makes monster masks while you
retired Bela Lugosi
Jason Bateman Jason Bateman yeah
whenever I think a Jason Bateman I think
a Bela Lugosi wearing a mask made by
Rick Baker none of that makes any sense
but Jason Bateman is in a film called
the gift the gift is I heard the trailer
was misleading I just not what you would
expect well no that's not true no really
yeah I guess the guy who plays The
Creeper guy in it is the writer and
director okay and Jason Bateman has he I
think he moves to California with his
wife and then the guy shows up and he's
a kid from his past but he they he's a
guy from his past but they don't mention
that up front yeah well I doubt they do
actually he's like oh yeah I kind of
remember you we went to high school
right and it's one of those things and
then it becomes kind of a thriller where
it seems like the guy's a stalker and
he's gonna get creepy and but you know
there's something more to it Jason
Bateman's hiding something the wife
starts looking into it below blah blah
and then
and it kind of becomes a yeah turn
twists and turns a little back and forth
Jason Bateman's kind of portrayed as the
bad guy then and then the other guy is
and then it goes back and forth and then
it ends is that a recommendation dance
maybe it has a file on him I think he's
been lying to you just tell me what
happened that was 25 years ago I have no
idea you really are
Simon Says new house
it kind of it kind of takes a little too
far at the end it's trying to be seven
so his wife gets her head cut off and
put in the box okay but there is a scene
what's in the box there's a what's in
the box scene does Brad Pitt show up
just I don't know but there's a box and
Jason Bateman opens it and goes oh my
god
John Doe has the upper hand John Doe is
the upper hand that's a great movie
that's seven you're a solid moon it's a
solid fucking movie but there's a scene
similar to that and then it's like oh
okay
good movie I don't know if I'd recommend
it okay watch Hotel Transylvania 2
starring the cobbler Mike are there any
movies that have come out this year that
you haven't seen yet that you're anxious
to finally check out well you mentioned
backcountry and we talked about into the
Grizzly maze that was one of the films I
wanted to see this bear it's not
territorial hungry pissed off
when a grizzly gets angry all of you
taste the same it looks terrible and it
looks hysterical at the same time but
who knows but I also really wanted to
see boy-next-door
starring Jennifer Lopez oh sure
mainly most anticipated movie of 1992
yeah cuz he says the famous line I love
your mom's cookies do you want to take a
cookie for the road
help your mother's cookies I actually
did want to see that cuz that's like a
fuck you it's January movie that looks
so trashy like it looks like one of
those trashy movies from the 90s that
they don't make anymore
there's like it can't be that bad
candidate there's also a film floating
around on red box and Netflix called
playing it cool with Chris Evans okay
and I want to watch it based on the high
quality poster art alone where it
appears that they've hired the best in
the business
to design their movie poster doesn't
seem like some kind of slap together
film or a film somebody found in a
drawer that was never released for
whatever reason and they threw it out
there but they spent they spared no
expense in hiring the top graphic
designer to make their poster so they
sold me they sold me on the film that's
what a post you're supposed to that's
what opposed are supposed to do and by
golly they did it with that poster
well I guess we should continue on our
way we're only 5,000 feet from Lincoln's
house or maybe 10,000 I don't know you
know
as long as we have enough extension cord
I still plan on making my documentary
film I'm going to document our trip just
like the little girl documented their
trip make sure you bring your extension
cord
so what you're saying J's they'll have
to run an extension cord up the mountain
I never will bring two just to be safe
yeah baby three three remember I brought
the video camera it's in my satchel it
fit in there with all the boots yeah
I'll take your word for it
because I'm gonna videotape our
adventures of Mount Everest why haven't
you done that yet well I did a little
early on I didn't see it yeah we'll have
to leave the coffee maker behind oh
that's fine okay so you hold this yes
okay if they can leave dead bodies on
Mount Everest so we can leave a coffee
me yeah
complain about that let's go okay
hi ho hi ho hi ho ho hi ho silver
