Jan 24, 2015
Inherent Vice and Oscar Buzz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faefBP7Sp08
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/559033987126284289
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152661495332634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-inherent-vice-and-oscar-buzz

Half in the bag.
I like to eat cheeseburgers.
oh my god the North Korean
missile is still headed towards my house
which is also still on the bottom of
Lake Michigan hey Mike do you remember
North Korea no hey J do you remember the
movie the interview what a hit
oh no the missiles still gonna blow us
up no it's not
it's going to dislodge us and send us
back to the surface my plans got all
work oh I think it just hit the house I
think oh I guess it was a dud all thank
goodness for faulty North Korean
technology what a bunch of hacks
oh he got it got what the joke I just
made what was the joke
hex like was a computer read ruler
hacking they did they did the song the
Sony hack thing oh is that that thing
where everyone saw Jennifer Lawrence's
boobs no no Jade that was x-men well
speaking of duds do you want to watch
inherent vice absolutely that's the new
PT Barnum joint right yes
okay get out if it's a quiet night out
at the beach and your ex old lady
suddenly out of nowhere shows up with a
story about her current billionaire land
developer boyfriend and his wife and her
boyfriend in a plot to kidnap two
billionaire and throw them in a loony
bin
who's your home talk maybe you should
just look the other way your advice is
the latest film from acclaimed filmmaker
Paul Thomas Anderson it stars Joaquin
Phoenix as a hippie private investigator
in Los Angeles trying to solve the
mystery of what this film's plot is Mike
what did you think of inherent vice J do
you remember a time when you could
understand what Paul Thomas Anderson
movies were about I was excited to see
this the trailer looked good I was
saying yeah I wasn't the biggest fan of
the master I was like a big so what
after it was over I thought I thought
Philip Seymour Hoffman was great Joaquin
Phoenix was great I mean okay you can't
you can't go wrong with acting and the
directing in Paul Thomas Anderson films
top notch but the master when I was over
as I what oh she was the master who
gives a fuck am I supposed to get
shivers on my spine see I remember when
we talked about the master on an older
half in the bag you had not seen it at
that point and that was I just seen it
and I didn't know what to make of it but
I had an interest in revisiting it and
trying to kind of get a better
understanding of it which I've done a
couple times have grown
we are talking about inherent vice which
is based on a novel by Thomas Pynchon
who is both despised and praised in the
literary world from what I understand I
can't imagine why some people say his
books are completely nonsensical and
then the literary snobs say that they're
brilliant and I think I think the the
same kind of applies this movie and when
we saw this five guys walked in with
beards and glasses and we're giggling
the whole time and and and I was like oh
this is films getting giggling like oh
this is clever I get this sucka and then
we uh we heard them chatting in the
lobby afterwards like so the drug cartel
was it like they understood the plot but
yeah the real truth is no one understood
anything that was happening in this
movie and those that did are lying
whoa you all right
Am I are you ordinarily we're the ones
asking the questions and your question
is we're sign of my own good question
wrong answer
I think some things are supposed to be
less literal than others um but I I mean
yes the plot is dense to the point where
I would say convoluted probably uh but
my biggest problem with the movie was I
think Paul Thomas Anderson is great I've
loved every movies made the took me a
while to warm up to the master but they
all show that he has a very clear
understanding of the visual language of
film great movies his early ones a
little like look at me I'm a filmmaker
showoff he eased up on that so but but
he's shown that he knows how to put
together movies very smart when it comes
to the way his movies are shot and
edited and this movie was so baffling
because every scene is Joaquin Phoenix
walks into a room he starts conversing
with one other person and then the
entire scene close up close up close up
there's a few exceptions but there's so
many scenes one after the other where
it's just him walking into the room and
then them talking endlessly about a
character that isn't in that scene so
then he leaves and then he walks into
another room and he starts talking to
that character that they were just
talking about you could have a
convoluted plot that doesn't quite make
sense but you're really interested in
your main characters and watching them
go through the movie of the story is the
is interesting part or you can have a
plot that's fun to to develop and sort
of soso main characters this head was
kind of in between
Joaquin Phoenix does a really good job
as performance is great there's lots of
little subtleties I love the part when
she shows him the picture and he screams
go god yeah
is so much better and and him like
making all the faces and he's great he's
a great actor but his character well
that's a movie that a lot of people
compare this to is The Big Lebowski yes
which is an example of that movie has a
convoluted plot but fun doesn't matter
at all with the Big Lebowski because
it's not what it's about really and it's
yeah all the characters are memorable
and fun and this has elements of that
but it's more like the scenes are
propped up by
the strength of the performances not the
characters one at one exception to the
the close-up closeup shooting is a great
sequence with Martin Short oh yeah and
that's a scene where it's like oh now it
feels like a Paul Thomas Anderson movie
where there's this like tension in this
escalation and it's got a real driving
force to it and then that scene ends and
we get back to just people talking
endlessly mmm I actually could have a
heart attack
actually my heart is racing like it was
almost for the point of comedy how
convoluted it was to where I thought
maybe that's where they were going yeah
yeah and and it's gonna be fun watching
this character stumble his way through
this plot and not really uncover
everything but then there were scenes
that were slightly realistic and dark
and it's like oh are we supposed to be
taking this seriously and that was a
problem to us the tone where there is
comedic stuff and there is some very
funny moments in this movie but then
there's so much where it's just played
completely straight and dramatic and
it's like I don't know it didn't have a
consistent balance of those elements
yeah
hae-joo you know I was thinking the
whole time is that this movie would make
a really good book that I don't
understand I remember seeing the trailer
a long time goes okay that looks great
when's that come on January okay I'll
wait for that and then I'm watching it
and I was like this feels like a book
and then I was like oh yeah this was
based on a book where it was like boom
it I was reminded of that fact and I
think it was happening during like two
characters walk in and talk for 40
minutes where it felt like the dialogue
was in a book where it wasn't written
for the screen I think this was a pretty
direct adaptation of the book and what I
understand then it was a book on a
screen it was a book out of screen and
and that there was part of the problem
was that there were no really strong
visuals yeah that stand out and it was
more it felt like a puppy it almost feel
like film noir in the 70s as opposed to
like a black-and-white 1950s which could
be great I will say this is this is an
actor movie I would say obviously all
these actors are a high enough caliber
where they don't have to do this but
each individual scene felt like a great
scene to put on your demo reel
that's it felt like a series of scenes
from a demo reel if high caliber per
actress still created demo reels Martin
Short passing is out to agents he may
still be doing demo reels yeah he has
his uploaded to YouTube right now what
will what was the point of the movie I
was it to entertain people what is what
the point the point of the movie was to
do a very literal adaptation of this
book and nobody read I guess I don't
maybe this guy is a big deal they're
they're people that loved him they think
he's a brilliant writer and then I know
other people that I am NOT the most
well-read person I own I have not read
his novels but I know people that are
very into literature and into writing
that say that his books are incredibly
frustrating and they can't get through
them which seen this movie that seems to
make sense
yes
doc may not be a do-gooder but he's done
good this one when I sat down to watch
this I was told that it's frustrating
that's the perfect word yeah and it's
hard it's a little hard to follow and I
was like okay and so normally movies you
know I'm like playing on my cell phone
I'm in the theater the theater I'm
talking on my cell phone sometimes I
take a nap okay
other times I leave for like 30 40
minutes yeah run some errands I come
back so most of the time I'm not paying
too much attention but this one I'm like
okay I got to pay attention and I'm
listening to every word that the
characters are saying then I found
myself like not enjoying it yeah like I
want to sit back I don't want to shut my
brain off as the expression it goes but
I want to to sit back and and enjoy a
movie become immersed in it and and not
have to sit there and go you know it's
like doing math that's kind of how it
felt here I've got to pay attention
I felt like I was like taking a test and
I'm like okay okay don't lose track
second I lose track I'm gonna not know
it's happening and so I found myself
more of a laborer as opposed to
enjoyment yeah the movie seems to be
challenging you to to it stay with it
well you know I I can appreciate amateur
heavy movie absolutely dreamer I just
want to understand what's happening in
it I think that's fair enough no that's
all I ask
cuz well understand attempt again we're
also just go watch transformers 5 well I
don't understand what's happening in
that either so Mike would you recommend
inherent vice no no no I know I have to
give this one a disappointing non
recommendation I want to recommend it
it's got lots of things in it that I
really like lots of great elements lots
of great acting but I just didn't
connect with it if you do go see this
movie make sure you pay attention
everyone's fucking named if a character
is mentioned in a scene oh yeah make
sure you remember that name or you will
be even more lost than you probably
would be otherwise coming just in time
for Christmas
inherent vice more like incoherent vice
well I've got another plan to get us to
the goddamn surface oh really what's
that well I'm going to draw a picture of
the Prophet Mohammed and then when the
Muslims come down to kill us we're going
to hijack their submarines and take them
back to the surface I don't know about
that one mr. Plunkett it sounds pretty
dangerous what else do you got hmm do
you remember what I told you I used to
be a hot air balloon pilot no no hey
Mike did you know mr. Plunkett used to
be a hot air balloon pilot her racer or
whatever the fuck you call it hmm I did
not know that Jay
I wonder how that'll come into play
later oh oh well I found my old hot air
balloon up in my attic so so my doctor
says I have a condition called hyper
flatulence that means I fart a whole
bunch more than Mickey Rourke and
sometimes even more than Jay Leno my god
my doctor said that if I eat just one
bean I'll fart a full 35 pounds of
metric pressure that means if a mouse
were living near my filthy asshole I
could literally kill it oh my god this
is my life
so mr. Plunkett your plan is to fill
your hot air balloon with farts and
float us to the surface yes I'm going to
eat those Industrial size cans of beans
and then I'm not a fart a lot really
this is where the shows gone I mean Jay
did you hear that the Oscars
have been announced I did hear that
should we talk about them yes we never
have before
we haven't but you know we will listen
so Mike were you surprised to see that
boyhood had so many nominations not at
all J it's truly an amazing film
terrible awkward cringe inducing
dialogue flat boring cinematography no
story to be invested at all in plus a
boring lifeless character that we all
end up hating at the end and don't
forget Mike it's really long - I would
say it almost feels twice its length oh
that's right J but did you know that it
took 12 years to make nothing has ever
taken 12 years to make with all that
hype do you think it'll win Best Picture
at the Oscars I don't see how it
couldn't with all this critical praise
it'd be like say losing a football game
in the fourth quarter with only five
minutes to go and you're up nineteen to
seven yeah it's not going to happen
that's right Mike so Jay what's your
pick for Best Picture a hood like what's
your pick for Best boyhood boyhood
boyhood boyhood it's fucking amazing hug
boyhood boyhood boyhood boyhood boyhood
it's amazing boyhood it's a 12 years to
make did you know that it took 12 years
to make it was amazing it's magical you
could see a kid grow up on screen it's
fucking magical boyhood boyhood boyhood
boyhood it took 12 years to make did
boyhood take 12 years to make took a
really long time to make it took longer
than it took them to make the Great Wall
China no heel did you know that the
actor in boyhood grew up on screen
before your eyes holy shit that's never
happened before there was a sink called
the 7up series
nor a very long running television
series I mean did you know it took them
seven years to film roseanne boyhood
academy awards
please make boyhood this year's Best
Picture winner
dear Academy members please vote for
boyhood it took them 12 years to me I
think they should retro actively give
boyhood the best picture for the last 12
years of the Oscars that's a very very
good idea J and if boyhood wins Best
Picture they should revoke the Oscars
for all last 12 best pictures yes
because boyhood was being filmed while
you know fucking trash movies got the
best picture got a respect that kind of
artistic determination to stick with a
project for 12 years 12 years of slave
did not take them 12 years to make no
Amy it's a it's a fucking misleading
title they film that shit over a year
how lazy can you be 12 years ago was 12
years 12 years or 12 years 12 years 12
years I had nobody's ever done that
before 12 years of slope years of this
12 years was on 12 years a 12 year
period it took 12 years ago this movie
yeah 12 years is 12 years 12 years 12
years but 12 years it took you 12 years
12 years of your life 12 years over 12
years from now both years is 12 years of
12 years of 12 years 12 years o 12 years
everybody gets only with people would
ask . so what happens in the movie and i
was like not much the New York Times
calls boyhood one of the most
extraordinary movies of 2014 or for that
matter the 21st century so far well Jay
I have here a list of all the nominees I
guess we could talk about sure we could
talk about the Oscars or we could go see
the new George Lucas masterpiece strange
magic
I thought he retired why is he making a
strange magic magic films I think he I
think he he saved up money for his
retirement and it didn't go as far as he
was hoping hmm he had like a like a
piggy bank full of money and he thought
that would last the rest of his life and
it lasted six months yes now he's like
shit I got a
animated children's films now Bernie
Madoff was his financial advisors George
Lucas is so desperate for work he's
showing up in the background of
unrelated documentaries now because they
call it pyroprocessing but it's a molten
salt process they're dissolving this
thing in a molten salt and they're doing
electrochemistry on it well jr. first
category let's go with Best Actor
because we're sexist just like the
Academy Awards just like there's not
enough women in the Best Actor category
um we have Steve Carell and Foxcatcher
Bradley Cooper in American snipper
Benedict Cumberbatch in the imitation
game and Michael Keaton Birdman the
Eddie Redmayne in the theory of
everything which i think is the Stephen
Hawking film yes I've seen Foxcatcher
have you seen pucks I have not seen
Foxcatcher I've heard mixed things
yeah well it's it's it's a
it's a it's definitely a performance
movie that surrounds completely around
Steve Carell he does a good job he has a
prosthetic guy yeah whenever whenever I
see a predominantly comedic actor in a
role like that I'm always a little
annoyed like where they're going to such
an extreme to say look at me I'm
dramatic now it always feels like a like
a little bit of an ego trip thing I
haven't seen Foxcatcher
I don't know but I could see that the
the role is very subdued though it's not
like I'm really going over the top and
it it's almost like like you're watching
it and you're like oh this is Michael
Scott which is a good thing obviously
for an actor or you're like okay I knew
nothing about the the true life story
and it was based on a true event and I
knew something bad happened that's all I
knew so if you're going see this movie
do not look up what happens in real life
because it's not that incredible or
amazing of a true life story it's very
simple okay it's a really interesting
character movie can I can I ask you by
the end you don't have to get into
spoilers but did they catch the Fox did
they yeah okay
Bradley Cooper American sniper haven't
seen it yet now I have to see anything
without I'm terribly impressed by
Bradley Cooper in though he just seems
like generic actor man to me look of you
okay that's fair I guess I don't know
was he in that movie a man running
around in garbage bags was I called
linings playbook which I also haven't
seen oh we haven't seen I haven't seen
that one yeah it was good he's good he's
good he's fine yeah yeah my favorite
performance by him is Rocket Raccoon and
guardians of the galaxy he's a good
actor uh one of the biggest but people
are saying is a big snow business Jake
Gyllenhaal for Nightcrawler how does
that happen
not even a nomination that's all anyone
talked about with that movie was his
performance he was the most interesting
part well he is the most interesting
part but I think that is because he's so
good at it I think it's a great
performance it's a matter of opinion but
I sure do I wasn't like blown away by
his performance yeah some people are
upset that he's not nominated and I
guess we should point out we don't have
any sort of investment in the Academy
Awards I don't care about awards I also
get for you Michael Keaton Birdman great
performance and Benedict Cumberbatch
Herbert Oh Cabbage Patch in the
imitation game also a really good film I
haven't seen eye on either and I have
not seen we have not seen the theory of
everything know the theory of everything
is one of those movies like every year
there's at least one of those where it
feels like it exists solely to get Oscar
nominations it's not made for an
audience it's just made to win awards
well Jay let's move on to Best Actress
we didn't I want Michael Keaton and
Birdman we said it was good go ahead
talk about him uh Birdman it should win
everything because it's Birdman and it's
different that's now with the Oscars
like though they don't like different
they like satisfying and convention yeah
boyhood is gonna win everything all
right I'm the best actress okay I don't
know who's nominated for those either
let's see Marion cottilard two days one
night no fucking clue Felicity Jones
the theory of everything of course
theory of everything is an oscar movie
is that the Stephen Hawking's love
interest I am assuming so Julie I can
see I don't even know who that actresses
and I haven't seen the movie but I can
already picture what that role is
Julianne Moore still a lice which she
attempts to remove lice from her hair as
as I've seen in the ad for the film
she's pulling lice out of her hair
although the singular of lice is louse
so somebody's getting fired over that
rose Rosamund Pike gone girl and then
Reese Reese Witherspoon in wild wilds a
more recent movie I haven't seen that um
a more recent movie
I Rosamund Pike said her name from gone
girl she's really good Matt Bowie hello
Julian I like Julianne Moore and pretty
much everything she says she's a classy
lady and she always gives a great
performance
I'm so hungry for the beans anything to
get drugs out of her system or something
that goes backpacking across this
country I think it's not trailer I don't
remember but I don't care what's next
Jase our Oscar discussion well we have
Best Supporting Actor uh Robert Duvall
for the judge Robert Duvall's a great
actor I don't know this movie ethan
hawke for boyhood Edward Norton and
Birdman Mark Ruffalo in Foxcatcher and
JK Simmons and whiplash which is that's
what I keep hearing about that whiplash
yeah because it's worth it just for him
but yeah Ethan Hawke's really good in
boyhood the movie should have been about
the parents in that movie Finn Hawk is a
solid actor mm-hmm
yeah my vote is for Mark Ruffalo and
Foxcatcher
although you can't really really vote
for anything except for boyhood um of
course uh you don't even have to see
those films just go for boyhood but you
can't really vote for you have a solid
solid pick unless you've seen the other
nominees in my opinion that's why I
don't have a solid pick for anything one
I haven't seen all the movies into I
don't care about the Oscars
Edward Norton is great in Birdman yeah
everyone's granny Birdman as far as I'm
concerned as far as like all these
oscar-nominated movies read like Birdman
should be celebrated more just for being
something so unique but and yeah there's
so many great performances in it
but we also have Best Supporting Actress
uh Trish Arquette for boyhood who's
traveling I think that's probably the
best um role in that movie the best
performance in that movie was yeah sure
shark ed we also have Laura Dern for
wild which I I've always liked Laura
Dern a lot I think she's a great actress
I'm surprised she hasn't been nominated
for more stuff because she's solid Keira
Knightley for the imitation game no get
out of here fake Padme
and then lastly Meryl Streep into the
woods some Disney Fantasy fairytale crap
Meryl Streep's nominated every year even
if she's not in a movie it's a given so
they get sued if she doesn't nominate it
she wins for that I I doubt she will but
if she does I'm sure she'll do her her
fake humbles Oh people care about me oh
oh that she's been doing for the last 30
years she's fleeing the which as we
talked about before any actress over 50
they end up Lane over sure a 30 dress
over 30 now okay now Meryl Streep has
joined the ranks of pumpkin Jensen
moo-coo and Angelica Houston who else
has played witches in movies lena jolie
angelina jolie him did a Julia Roberts
play a witch or something I think so
there was like it was it Snow White or
Cinderella or one of those fucking
things she's a she's the bad lady in it
I said that should be a separate
category to Best Actress in the role of
a witch falen your beauty starts to fade
we got plenty of which roles come on
down come on down
okay so here's an interesting one I've
got some things to say about Best
Director we have Alejandro Gonzalez
Inarritu
I'm sure I'm fucking that up horribly
for Birdman
a Bennett Miller Foxcatcher Wes Anderson
grand Budapest hotel morten tyldum the
imitation game
and lastly Richard Linklater for boy
Richard Linklater really lets her 12
years to make okay I guess that trumps
everything it doesn't matter you know
and I like Richard Linklater I liked a
number of his movies um they're all very
flat naturalistic that's the way they're
supposed to look there's nothing there's
nothing like filmic about them it just
sort of just don't move anything what do
you want well compare that to something
like Birdman which is this like
carefully orchestrated long takes lots
of energy lots of visuals not to mention
the performances like the fact that
those two movies are in the same
categories like a joke the New York
Times calls boyhood one of the most
extraordinary movies of 2014 or for that
matter the 21st century so far the only
one who could get away with filming a
movie that looks like shit is Woody
Allen these are doing it for forty years
because he the writing is good yeah and
boyhood the writing is not good I mean
it's the best thing ever do you think do
you think that it will win Best Director
yeah really do one but because it took
12 years to make yeah well so so what
happens in the movie I was like not much
so finally we get the best picture no
good we okay Best Picture we have
Americans sniper Birdman boyhood grand
Budapest hotel which that's kind of
surprising usually there's more other
attend well no there's more movies
listen I'm just thinking like grand
Budapest hotel
no actor nominations for that yeah
that's odd yeah everybody's really great
in that movie the imitation game Selma
the theory of everything and whiplash
all all the Best Picture movies are
about like a lead male character that's
complex hmm or troubled or so the saying
that the Best Picture nominations is
just a big sausage fest this year it is
no I mean so yeah this is a sexist and
racist year it's it's almost like 90% of
the academies is is men ah yeah so the
see Oscars the it'll happen and then no
one will care
isn't it funny there's always those
movies that get like it's a big deal the
year comes out and it gets nominated for
a bunch of stuff maybe it wins
everything then a couple years later no
one even remembers it the most recent
example of that is the artist you
remember the artists it's black and
white like an old silent film uh big
deal wins all these awards
nobody cares or talks about that movie
anymore did you see it no oh god it's
working oh god it's gonna happen
Oh God I wasn't a fart Oh No one of my
dog oh shit ah hopefully not literally
oh my god okay now it's coming Oh
