Feb 12, 2015
Jupiter Ascending and Battlefield Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKZYFn8qEQI
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/566025407586369536
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152698202882634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-jupiter-ascending-and-battlefield-earth

Half in the bag.
What stupid piece of crap movies I gonna talk about now?]
hold on it's coming how's he going a bomb
oh oh oh God don't you remember mr.
plink it ate all those beans so he could
fart into his hot-air boy you grabbed
the hot-air balloon from his attic not
coming out yet okay but you really think
farting in a hot-air balloon is gonna
lift this whole house up to the surface
I don't care oh it's calm and if it did
work and the house ascended to the
surface really fast where do we get what
they call the runs Mike I think you mean
the Benz and no hey speaking of asunci√≥n
have you seen the new wachowski film
Jupiter ascending no how the fuck am I
supposed to see a new film when I'm
stuck in a house in the bottom of Lake
Michigan well fat guy eats beans to the
fart inside of a hot-air balloon
let's watch it
you're the perfect sponsor machine
fearless relentless you be searching for
one thing your whole life and she's down
there Jupiter ascending is the newest
film from the Wachowskis the siblings
that brought you such hit films as the
matrix and and let me tell you only the
Wachowski could take such a perfect idea
like mixing the harvesting of the human
race with Cinderella and fuck it up so
badly Jupiter ascending stars Channing
Tatum as strange Magic Mike a half man
half werewolf with wings
who has rocket boots and a Gungan
electro shield Mila Kunis reprises her
role from Ted as a girl who says
dialogue terribly and looks like she has
no idea what's going on together a bunch
of cartoon aliens giant winged lizards
robots and men who whisper want Kunis to
sign contracts or to marry them or to do
something so that someone can turn the
human race into genetic goo so that they
could fill up their fountains of youth
for rich aristocratic white people J
what did you think of Jupiter ascending
let me tell you Mike I'm so glad that
George Lucas decided to make another
Star Wars prequel oh that's what this
movie felt like a lot it's it's
fascinating to me that a movie as your
synopsis explained has just an endless
arsenal of silly weird shit that can end
up being this dull and boring I wouldn't
call lifeless or joyless entirely if
we're going on a grade grading scale
give it a big C mmm I did I like a 20
percent on Rotten Tomatoes like everyone
hates it like you know it it it doesn't
feel like oh what chow ski movie to me
it felt like I felt like a Ender's Game
or like a movie made for for teens
that's what I was thinking it's like is
this based on one of those young adult
novels
it felt like a blending of different
movie ideas that didn't quite gel and
the Mila Kunis character well let's say
the premise real quick here no gone for
those that haven't seen this Mila Kunis
it's essentially I think it's like a
sci-fi fairy tale yeah like obviously
she's a Cinderella character she's
scrubbing toilets I even mentioned
Cinderella yeah and her becoming a
princess and there's a hero that saves
her it's very fairytale meets sci-fi
okay with a little bit of their their
horrific matrix a sci-fi horrible or
horrible things are happening to the
human species but we don't know about it
that whole thing somebody always wants
the harvest humanity for some reason
right some nefarious purpose yeah we
need to turn them into batteries or we
need to take out our genetic material
yeah and that I thought was any sci-fi
concept the bad guys in the movie are
these rich aristocratic ageless people
who turn human DNA into clear goo vials
of semen vials which then they they
bathe in it restores their cells
introverts the aging process and it
keeps them alive for centuries and
centuries basically the most valuable
currency in the universe is time they
say yes which yeah interesting sci-fi
idea that goes right along with which
house keys having lots of like pseudo
philosophical boring dialogue scenes in
their movies it's neat it's a neat idea
that that all these alien civilizations
and technology has advanced the point
where you know you can have money you
can have riches and any kind of anything
you want but the one thing you can't
beat is you know time paging this is a
Justin Timberlake make a movie about
that where he is oh the in time movie I
don't know if that has anything to do
with aging but did in time have a former
space cop Wolfman with rocket boots yes
it can be difficult for people from
underdeveloped worlds to hear that their
planet is not the only inhabited planet
mila kunis is the quote-unquote
reincarnation of a queen
princess queen the mother matriarch of
this these three siblings that are these
evil people that want to live forever
right and it's it's a random DNA thing
like one in a billion trillion whatever
that her DNA would be identical to the
mother's like a rebirth and then um
everyone's got to get her because now
she's technically the queen of the earth
she's queen of the earth and earth the
earth and that means she has the power
to say who can harvest all the people
something like them and either she's
gonna give it to to whisper man or or or
some other brother who has was twenties
orgies in a fish tank and one or the
other and then the other daughter would
seem a little more reasonable but I
don't know and then Channing Tatum is
like a bounty hunter roomed x space cop
who is part werewolf and and has wings
and was cut off because he ate somebody
this is real this is all stuff that
happens in book yeah and then Mila Kunis
is the worst actress on the planet they
hire her for a feature film for some
reason you wanna that I've mentioned the
Star Wars prequels earlier I read that
the original actor is hired to do this
movie for that role was Natalie Portman
that's that's kind of ironic because a
lot of this reminded me of Thor like ass
guard like the all the costumes and the
cities yeah if it looked very similar to
that but it kind of felt like this is
their attempt to crack in unlike that
Marvel franchise like we're gonna do our
own original yeah sci-fi universe and
it's gonna be expensive and well they
they fucked it up with trying to make a
whole series of films out of the matrix
and then they tried to make their their
heavy lofty
ambitious movie with Cloud Atlas
everything they've done is bombed
horribly so now they're trying to just
make a fun sci-fi movie and start a new
franchise I think is what's happening
with those yeah well they failed yeah
when when you look at Mila Kunis and
Channing Tatum in this
wrong and wrong Sheriff Channing Tatum
wasn't bad he wasn't anything I'd like
him in movies I think he's good he's I
the only thing I've seen him in I think
is the 21 and 22 Jump Street he's fine
comedic I think I've seen more dramatic
stuff I've seen him in Magic Mike and
Foxcatcher
okay and you know magic Mike's a good
movie it's a Steven Soderbergh movie and
it's not all about like it's not
schlocky right it there's some heavy
stuff going on there's some good
characters so yeah I and he did great as
a guy flies around space boots I think
the problem is the characters as written
that's that's my biggest problem with
this movie is that it's you can make a
movie that has all the silly shit in it
but you have to have a sense of fun a
sense of humor to it I mean I was
thinking a lot of guardians of the
galaxy that's a movie like probably just
as silly as this but you really like the
characters in that and the movie is
having fun with it yeah but not in a way
where it's not like constantly wink wink
it's just it you know it's trying to be
a fun space adventure it's not leather
part6 self-aware silly this was I
believe the first recorded instance of a
CIA agent being eaten alive by a rainbow
traverse right or worse tactic guardians
of the galaxy talking raccoons giant
tree monster put a lot of fun this movie
it's like there's a couple little
moments where it seems like they're
having fun with it there's one sequence
in particular that I think was well I
know it was clearly inspired by Brazil
because then Terry Gilliam shows home
but like that was a fun little sequence
or it's showing like the the
bureaucratic red tape of you have to go
to this department they have to go to
list of arm and all just so she can
become the queen of Earth basically I
loved that sequence yeah but it stood
out as totally completely wrong exactly
because the rest of the movie is is dour
serious and the characters aren't
interesting Mila Kunis is a flatline
Channing Tatum is boring there's nothing
to his character he doesn't bring
anything to it as far as charisma goes I
think because I was written so boring
the main bad guy played by Eddie
Redmayne who we should point out was
just nominated for Best Actor not for
this movie that was fucking horrible he
speaks
line in the movie like this it's just
the whole movie except for a couple
bursts where he's like no I see his
character and a crossover with DC and
him having conversation with Bane and
then both just well that character
actually had had and flavors aromas
reminiscent of
gary oldman in the fifth element to
bring this down another example of a
very silly movie but it works yeah can
we have a sci-fi movie that doesn't
define all laws of physics completely
with human beings the Channing Tatum
character and he's flying around like
Superman with mr. Spock's Vulcan boots
on rocket boots and he's like to hold on
to me real tight cuz I'm gonna hold on
to the spaceship that could go Mach 40
yeah or the atmosphere No
yeah don't don't lose me don't lose me
here I wish the movie was on DVD so he
could do a supercut if every time she's
falling going ah there's lots of falling
save me Channing Tatum yeah someone's
the disadvantage there because he
kidnapped me
some wives who always must more than us
the dialogue was really bad for a movie
from the Wachowskis you know like I mean
I'm not they're not Matrix sequels well
sure but those had some more like
gravitas to them there was a little
something else going on this was it just
felt like like a shitty b-movie kind of
there's one part when Channing Tatum was
fighting in the big lizard monster with
wings or Channing Tatum's on the ground
and the lizard monster standing over him
and I remember he said something like
like you have injured me yeah and now I
will make you pay like that's an exact
line from the movie yeah and a lot of
times I picture someone writing that and
they're just writing that line and going
is there something better some
interesting like moments some
interesting dialogue but really the two
main characters really poorly written
and then I would like to reverse like
it's the last starfighter kind of
premise yeah where some young guy goes
into space and it goes in this adventure
now I'm not being sexist relax people
it's just um a magical princess story in
a violent space universe they don't
quite gel yeah like I am a little new
idea but the point I'm trying to make
these little girls aren't gonna want to
watch this right I don't think anybody
wanted to watch this this one's hard
though because when when you when you
pitch this idea it's real hard to tell
how it's going to turn out well it it's
not it's an original idea I mean it's
taking oh you know ideas from other
sources but it's not a sequel it's not a
remake it's not you know based on a
novel a young adult novel so it's like
it's trying be its own thing and there's
ideas in it yeah I guess I give a points
for that I do I give this movie a lot of
points because there's some neat there's
some neat costumes and neat ship designs
there's some good action sequences of
the little guns and the gadgets and all
that's great and and I applaud them for
their their own trying to do their own
original thing it's just some
miscalculation as far as the angle of it
and the
it's clear what you're trying to do
you're taking fairytale lore now as
before you were doing philosophical
biblical religious lore and and now
you're doing that this with sci-fi
elements and you know so Mike would you
recommend Jupiter ascending um you know
I would I didn't hate it
hmm I wasn't terribly bored it just it
just was shy of the mark but like like I
said a good C c plus okay I think I
think it's probably a good movie for
preteens like it's on that kind of
mental level I don't think that's what
they were aiming for but that's well
that's what they ended up it it's it's
not it's not the matrix it's not it's
not for adults it's a the action scenes
and stuff become boring but I think it I
think it's a good movie for kids J I
would not recommend it it's ambitious
there's lots of ideas going on there's
all sorts of silly shit as I've said
which is why I wanted to see it cuz I
had heard it was like a train wreck of
weird ideas but it was too cold to
really even find it entertaining on that
level I just would there's no one to
care about nothing to root for and
everything just I don't know felt
completely Hollow
okay it was kind of uncomfortable so
there is a scene in this when Channing
Tatum flies into Jupiter and and there's
a mining city run by aliens has like a
glass dome over it and he's like I got
saved Mila Kunis from something and he
smashes the ship into the glass dome and
it shatters and there's chaos really
reminded me of a scene from Battlefield
Earth mm-hmm when one of the characters
tries to blow up a glass dome that
protects John Travolta and his a
friends from oxygen or something have
you seen Battlefield Earth no we should
watch Battlefield Earth right now okay
oh I'm gonna be the first man in history
to have a cesarean fart
it's so coming coming
she definitely gonna happen so I saw
multiple headlines in relation to
Jupiter ascending making comparisons to
Battlefield Earth so he thought it would
be a good time to revisit Battlefield
Earth we have this lovely previewed copy
for $9.99 available now at your local
Blockbuster on DVD as DVD now ironic
Battlefield Earth starring John Travolta
and Barry Pepper had you ever seen it
before I saw it in the theaters yeah
holy shit dude and I recall being bored
in the theaters like because I heard it
was really bad epically bad yeah yeah
but that was as it was being released
right it wasn't like afterwards like it
came out and bombed and then it became
like I'm so bad it's good movie it was
like immediate right yeah it was
immediate and I watched it hoping it
would be so bad it's good movie and then
I just ended up being kind of bored but
upon revisiting it it is a so bad it's
good movie yes we watched this with a
our friend rich Evans who none of you
know about but he's a guy we know yeah
and yeah it's pretty great
it's a dangerous job but someone's got
to do it yeah but with just a few minor
tweaks it could have been a great comedy
film it kind of is in a lot of ways yeah
but the idea the concept of these
arrogant egotistical aliens that think
there's so much smarter than the
post-apocalyptic earthlings get
outsmarted by cavemen because they're
actually really dumb reach for the gun
sir I might get shot reach for the gun
I'll be damned
Battlefield Earth was written by l ron
Hubbard the author of the book Dianetics
who created his own religion cults scam
scam money scam called Scientology yes
so this is this is made by this movie
but the book that this movie was based
on is written by the guy who created
Scientology hence the John Travolta
producer whatever this is a passion
project for John Travolta passion
project for John Travolta before his
current passion project is cruising for
dudes at gyms at 3 in the morning but
back in the day it was Battlefield Earth
yes
the his passion project is not his wife
it's dudes and gyms but yeah allegedly
allegedly well the aliens have their own
slang they have their own language the
the biggest slang word they use is crap
mm-hmm the weird thing about the movie
okay John Travolta and all of us cohorts
the aliens look like giant Klingon
warriors but they are they are and they
act like they act like savage warriors
they act like Klingon they act like
violent space alien sailors yeah
but they are part of a company or a
corporation are you not aware that I
graduated top of my class quite an
accomplishment I don't mean to
second-guess the Home Office but surely
I could be a better service to the
corporation home office is well aware of
your academic achievements and obvious
talents they don't have the guy in this
guy's in suits kind of business
mentality they have more of a warrior
mentality which right off the bat is the
one doesn't work there there's a company
that is is mining the earth for
resources mainly gold and they've been
there for a thousand years yes this is
the year 3000 yeah and they act like
Apes like giant Apes and the humans well
it's kind of like Planet of the Apes to
speak of apes
um the humans don't speak their language
and they are basically cavemen at this
point and the aliens that aren't played
by famous movie stars look like monsters
right side if you're John Travolta you
can't put that kind of make them a
little pale or something which mini-golf
courses were built to last
okay so the plot is a sort plot loosely
Don Travolta a big big fan alien like
ugly ass alien says you guys stay here
for another 50 cycles oh yeah he wants a
promotion and he doesn't know it's a
promotion yeah first of all the aliens
are called cyclos yes like psycho but
just cyclo and John Travolta wants to
move back to cyclo mania psycho home
world and have a fancy house and a wife
wives wife and be rich but he's starting
hanging out of gyms at 3:00 in the
morning and hang out at gyms at 3:00 in
the morning Andy but he's stuck in this
shit ass job where he has to watch over
this planet being mined yeah we've
decided to keep you here for another 50
cycles but is this options for you
within this options for you again this
options for you
and then the fat guy for no reason and a
really awkward scene pic goes on forever
that goes on forever tells him that he's
got to stay there and this guy for no
reason seems to enjoy telling John
Travolta that he's got to stay there
yeah and everyone's angry all the time
every character is angry but John
Travolta and Forest Whitaker have a
secret plan to mine a bunch of gold that
they found that's that's like coming out
of the mountains there's so much gold
you could see it this planet the gold
belongs to them that's the beauty of it
whole planet doesn't even know the gold
exists for those corporate crap heads
won't even know we stole it he's so
perfect crimes and then there's some
some politics involved where they they
can't get more workers more psycho
workers to mine the gold so John they
got to keep this a secret from the
company they got it was yeah so John
Travolta has a brilliant idea of taking
Barry Pepper
and shooting laser beams into his eyes
and make him smart yes so that he's now
smart enough to mine the gold or at
least to tell others how to mine the
gold he's the only one that gets shot
with the knowledge ray yeah but but even
more important than that he wants to
train John Travolta wants to train these
people kind of like you would train a
dog so he wants to give them treats so
they there's a whole section of the
movie where they send the humans into
like this old mall and they're watching
them because they have cameras
everywhere and they're hungry either
you know they're being held captive so
they're hungry and the very first thing
they see is a live rat so they all
pounce on the rat and they're eating it
that's their favorite food that's their
favorite food if man animal prefers it's
rat uncooked and our job is that much
easier they like the rat so much how
come those two aren't eating
anything the leader of the pack always
eats first it's like it's the very first
thing you've ever seen him eat ever yes
why would you jump to that conclusion so
then they use that rat over and over in
the movie to try and can to persuade
them to do things he's given the most
knowledge but he still wants to please
really banking on this rat eating the
the aliens that have taken control of
the planet are so dominant that they
can't figure out that he's just eating
to survive yes they think he loves rats
so yeah he's trying to make him smart
and then he's like the the smart ray
isn't working because he doesn't want to
eat this rat and then later john
travolta takes I don't even remember his
character's name Barry Pepper
to the Library of Congress and says this
is what you're civilly the civilization
used to be hahaha everything you humans
knew is here and you can look at
anything you want because there's
nothing that will help you he just takes
him there laugh at him but it really the
purpose for the plot was that so he
could look through some books and find
out about Harrier jets and Fort Knox and
nuclear weapons he learns a lot in those
five minutes he's at the library there's
a lot you know
via the mining site I'll be watching so
that so the plan is they john travolta
sends these guys out these cavemen to
mine for gold but they have the plan
even though there's cameras on them they
know they're being watched so they're
gonna fake them out here's the men we
split them in half and one group goes
and one group stays work while some of
the people are mining they're gonna
learn to fly jets in a flight simulator
that somehow works without electricity
oh there's a flight simulator it works
just fine
mister just fine they all everything
works wouldn't a flight simulator
require electricity to run you probably
know that seems to be working fine
though this is fucking stupid but
everybody learns how to fly these jets
in like 10 minutes no right and then
they go to Fort Knox and they get the
gold and that's what they're presenting
in John Travolta it's enough extra time
just neither character is smart
no one says wasn't gonna be weirded out
or suspicious that you just gave him all
this golden bar food and then he didn't
think of that
and then when John Travolta sees it he
assumes that they smelted it yeah even
though they have no smelting equipment
any kind
these are cavemen they would have no
knowledge and no one knows how to do
that or to achieve the temperatures
needed to melt gold yeah
both characters are villain and our hero
are both idiots and and it's really
unclear how all like Barry Pepper okay
that John Travolta straps women
chair and this is not real life this is
in the movie yeah ah John Travolta
doesn't put all the other cavemen in the
intelligence ray chair the reason to use
these guys was because he had no one
else to do it yeah and then he shows
Barry Pepper a complex flight simulator
as well about how to fly a mining cart
yeah but then they just go in a cave and
there's no technology at all yeah it's
like how are they mining they don't have
equipment how is this happening what's
the process we don't understand anything
we don't need we don't need the details
john travolta wants the gold he makes
the cavemen get the gold yeah that's all
you need
yeah and he has cameras I think that
flyover was that what that was yeah so
there it's not a constant camera but
instead they're given the free rein to
fly around one of John Travolta
spaceships yes and then go all over the
whole country gathering up weapons
airplanes yeah and gold from Fort Knox
yeah so John Travolta's is a dummy he's
incredibly stupid yeah everybody's
incredibly stupid and his character of
the ciclo is also incredibly stupid I
see what you did you see what I did that
damn right rat brain that's the first
intelligent thing you've said yet my
favorite moment is is what I call the
your friendly bartender scene which is
hysterical it's it's a it's the biggest
laugh out loud moment in this movie
because it is so dumb John Travolta's
right-hand man Forest Whitaker they do
this little back and forth where they're
filming each other with cameras to try
and like one-up each other or not one-up
each other but to get dirt yeah to make
it make each other look like they're the
one responsible for this the secret
mining thing and Forest Whitaker is
finally outsmarted John Travolta and
he's like sitting there relaxing he's
drinking he's like I got the footage and
he's playing in the background and John
Travolta's is like he basically plays
him a mustache twirling villain in this
yes his performance is completely like
ha it's it's so terrible while you were
still learning how to spell your name
trained to conquer galaxies it's it's
like no one told him how to do this
character maybe no one knew but the
director was too distracted he was too
busy trying to keep the camera propped
up correctly because it kept falling
over you're kept tilting yeah every shot
but no one knew how John Travolta should
play this character so he's fuck it yeah
but anyway yeah comically evil and
forced Whitaker sitting there and he's
relishing in his he thinks he's got John
Travolta I've got I've got the footage
and he's like it's right there I can you
know take it he said I made a copy oh
did you yeah and then um would you give
it would you give it to no why would I
tell you who I gave the copy to give you
an old teacher clue as to who this might
be a concubine it's like a different
camera I'm laughing about that that's
what gave the copy to your friendly when
somehow John Travolta knows and that he
gave it to his friendly bartender which
means John Travolta knew he had the
recording ahead of time in order to
place the capitated head in the little
box there's a whole series of scenes
that we just didn't deceive just
terrible terrible
so Mike would you recommend Battlefield
Earth uh uh I don't know when you
realize that they are actually going
into Fort Hood and training pilots in
and a flight simulator to fly terrier
jets and these are people that that live
in a cave yes they have no grasp of
anything like that it becomes something
that feels like it was written by a
six-year-old yeah so yeah it's it's a
notoriously bad movie and if you're a
fan of notoriously bad movies should be
on your list yeah yeah anything it's
just to see John Travolta hold up a
decapitated head and say y'all friendly
well I guess my stupid farting idea
isn't gonna work I mean the design
