May, 2015
Disney's: Marvel's: Avengers: Age of Ultron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAMSey5retQ
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/596750284916916224
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152884323307634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-disneys-marvels-avengers-age-of-ultron

Half in the bag.
Fuck all this stupid popcorn shit.
well J that certainly was a
very exciting ending to a long story
line we stopped those jewel thieves we
saved the president and we even taught
that conservative town to enjoy rock
music that's right Mike although I do
feel bad that we left blankets stranded
on top of that mountain oh right oh so
cold so cold and whatever what's more
amazing is that we made it down that
freezing mountain with no coats or
climbing gear well Mike we should
probably get back to work I'm sure we
have hundreds of orders from asshole
hipsters that want their VCRs repaired
that's right
what
- fucker those things on the walls
there's like a little cartoon pig riding
on a Twinkie oh my god it's a tarted
certainly is what the fuck is all this
oh hi can I help you do you need your uh
Terry 2600 fixed the fuck is that
or your Nintendo or Sega Saturn what are
you fuckers doing in our store you must
be Mike and Jay the landlord told us
about you he said you've been gone for
months and never paid your rent so he
let us have the building
what's rent fuck you yeah we took over
this business legally from Tim Heidecker
right after he flew through the ceiling
to start a web series about two guys
that review movies well sorry dudes
but it's our shop now and business is
bombing a booming business is booming
what's wrong with that man yeah so take
that box of personal stuff with you when
you leave Mike what are we gonna do I'm
sure I'll think of something really
terrible and stupid but first we've got
to stall them hey guys I feel like we
might have gotten off on the wrong foot
what do you say we all go out together
and watch a movie
how about Disney's Marvel's The Avengers
to the age of Ultron No yeah what do we
look like to you a couple of
mouth-breathing man children hey I
resent that good sir I am NOT a
man-child
oh geez the bottom broke on the box damn
it
oh no all of our manchild toys fell all
over the floor give us a moment to pick
them up oh no my gizmo lost his body
that's not gizmo that's the other
grumbling from gremlins to the new batch
my Lenny lost his box right oh no my
Return of the Jedi speeder is broken
warp zone can Alvin Jacques's this is so
sad to watch a Stay Puft Marshmallow guy
I feel sorry for him whatever why don't
you put that Pokemon machine down we'll
just go watch the movie with them sure
sir can I'm gonna bring my portable
Pokemon machine oh god yeah course you
bring in two portable pokemon machines
Jeff give emerald or Ruby oh oh good
yeah
I was designed to save the world
people who look to the sky and see hope
I'll take that from them first the 2015
summer movie season kicks off with
Disney's Marvel's The Avengers 2 age of
Ultron
that's right man children it's that time
of every other year when the Avengers
Assemble to fight something smash
buildings and learn the important lesson
of teamwork in this second film Ironman
makes an AI crazy person called Ultron
Ultron wants to kill all life on planet
Earth
his counterpart is a man with red skin
who lives in a metal box his name is the
seer or the watcher or the knower or
something he shoots at Ultron with a
laser crystal on his forehead and other
characters have some development the
film ends eventually so Jay rich Jack
what did you think of Avengers 2
interesting names I couldn't remember
that's funny I like it
then you get that porno game you what
did you think of Disney's Marvel's
Avengers 2 a lot of explosions happen
but that's that's not too shocking uh I
enjoyed the character moments when they
all lay it lived on a farm for like a
week let's talk about the game there
inevitably going to make about the movie
wait let's continue to talk about the
movie Jack or man what did you think of
Avengers 2 I liked it it was less
focused than the first Avengers movie
and I think that part it's also missing
a lot of the hype from the first
Avengers movie and so it fell a little
flatter
for me it's missing the excitement of
like the first movie it's like they're
building up all these movies and it's
like BAM the Avengers they're all
together and they're in a tightly
crafted story with lots of great little
moments and good character work this is
exciting and now we've had all these
other movies and now we just have
another Avengers movie well it's kind of
the opposite the first movie is about
them coming together this movie is about
them flying apart yes oh that's true the
whole movie the theme is breaking down
of thanks and and I think that's going
to be because of civil war there's they
need to be enemies by the time Civil War
comes around we can tear them apart
from the enzyme
got the best you can do I think the
point is though with the opening is you
start off they're a cohesive team that's
the point of that scene everything works
together fine they're great they all
work well together number the end iron
man wants to do things that Captain
America doesn't like and Thor's angry at
Iron Man for trying to do this or that
and they all go their separate ways
that's the breakdown and all that's fine
okay
Avengers age of Ultron it's about Ultron
right sure
and that's was a neat storyline I
thought unfortunately it's clouded by
tons and tons of other shit that's going
to be related to other movies setups for
future things just introducing all these
characters because hey look it's
Quicksilver or it's fast man but isn't
Quicksilver and he's not a mutant I
disagree that they didn't introduce too
many new characters well there's like
them and there's uh they gotta bring
back all the elders side characters in
the previous movies we ought to put
stone skarsg√•rd in it cuz he was in the
other there he was barely in this we
have to introduce Hawkeye's wife for no
reason it was the best part of the movie
though well here's the thing okay
nothing in the movie was a problem on
its own like I liked all the elements
and there was lots of fun stuff in it
the problem was like you got a you got
to stay focused like you got to cut out
some of this stuff or save it for a
future movie it was like everything oh I
get this movie is like an ice cream
headache right like ice cream is great
but you don't eat it so fast you gotta
savor it because if you did too fast and
it just becomes headache-inducing oh no
and like we we get introduced to major
players like the arms dealer is a big
part of the Marvel Universe vision
Ultron Pietro Romanoff and lady Romanoff
the two people who are not mutant
they're not me and they're definitely
not mutants so Quicksilver is not a
mutant well not in this universe which
well which one because quits Quicksilver
is in x-men Days of Future past
mutant in that because they have the
rights to call him a mutant in the in
the comic books Pietro what who's this
girl Pietro and Mara and Wanda are
Magneto's children oh that's right yes
quicksilver's magneto so I remember that
and so here their genetic experiments
certainly not mutants because they don't
have the right but they never calm
Quicksilver because they don't have the
right or Scarlett wit they did
Berman's on them that just happened to
mutate some of their genes he's he's
quick it has silver hair and white
lightning bolts in a blueish suit she
has which like powers that turn red some
would say scarlet I was confused about
her powers is that similar to the comic
like I understand the making everyone
have weird nightmare visions but she was
like shooting red beams out and like
what was that do he doesn't which he
shook she technically speaking has
reality-warping powers she is the most
bizarre mutant or not mutant in the
movie character in the Marvel Universe
she has reality-warping powers which
mostly make it means she can pick stuff
up and throw it okay but it's changing
reality my smashing thing yes she's got
to be able to fight sure yeah can't
fight in the scene then you got to get
out of the movie that's why they got rid
of Jeremy Renner Jeremy Renner has the
best there's been a dialogue in the
whole fucking movie bring him into a
comic relief character it was a great
eye
that's a great idea because he has
nothing to do so as there's a great
little scene with him and not Scarlet
Witch or he's talking about exactly
what's happening he's like we're on a
floating city
we're fighting robots and I'm shooting
arrows none of this makes any sense it's
the best light in the movie yeah
actually this is a really great comedy
film I don't think I don't consider it
like it's a comedy action and after
watching the trailer for that the
god-awful looking Superman versus Batman
yeah little fun allow it's like this is
this is a comic book movie not in a Joel
Schumacher this is a comic book movie
kind of way but this is a comic book
movie in the way that it's it's fun yeah
it knows how serious to take it but
still along with the cop yes yes and
they went a little too far here and
there with their with their wink wink
humor but I didn't care personally I
don't I don't take these I don't take
these comic book things all that serious
if you do like get Ally
you bring up like the Batman vs Superman
trailer and just how funny depressing
that movie looks it's fun watching the
heroes like worried about saving
people's lives there was a significant
amount of action dedicated to stopping
people from falling off of bridges and
getting them out of buildings that are
collapsing but they did leave the the
threat at the end of the movie is we
have to rescue all of these people not
we have to stop the blue laser there's
some kind of blueish laser esque things
going on but there's no blue laser look
at Captain America's a hero he just
rescued that lady that's great yeah he
took time out of all this massive chaos
to get this one person maybe you won't
save everybody but he'll try and save
people in that nice that's why their
superhero because here are heroes
they're a they're heroes they're not emo
people with superpowers the right right
I just want to beat the shit out of each
other they just want to see who bleeds
Superman on Batman I want to beat the
fucking shit out of your face
call me next summer
well that's what superman/batman
we're all about yeah that's exactly what
made them popular they're gonna have a
little Happy Meal toy so Superman
bleeding just a giant head wound maybe
like a red piece of paper that you
shoved through to make it look like you
see mommy p-please so I'm making him
it'll be a ketchup ketchup toy it'll
squirt ketchup on your fries so be a
little Superman doll oppressiveness
melon squeezes it that's brilliant
that's pretty great em and they can
bleed on my fries now we got to by the
way lovin it and it seemed like they
were lacking a lot of the build-up to
the action you know the first Avengers
movie was all build up and then we get
the blast I want to say half hour of the
first Avengers movie is nothing but
action that's what makes it satisfying
is to build up exactly but here it's
like the action starts in an age of
Ultron and you're what what where who it
almost it almost uh felt out of place in
some scenes there's a little cartoony
you've had first vaccine it looked
terrible but first - yeah when they're
all jumping you start laughing and you
know it looked a little cartoony a
little goofy but then I was like okay
I'm alright with that I had for a moment
I had that that watching Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles - moment and I told you
about the secret of the use yeah I like
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles one is a
little darker a little more and then you
go in there and then watch the second
one and they're hitting like the bad
guys with yo-yos and little there's like
little kids and birthday party hats
cheering and it's like no I shows up in
the vanilla I shows I'm you're like oh
no it's turned to this and so I had that
moment feeling for a moment when they're
all jumping like cartoon show it's like
the opening of the x-men cartoon Jim
isn't a little bit action no no didn't
and I like superhero movies like that I
wish there were more corny instead of
like all this like brooding I like that
Ultron was like sarcastic yeah no Razi's
movies are just the right level of corny
don't compare me with stark he's a six
ah jr. you're gonna break your old man's
heart if I have to it has to break
anything clearly you've never made an
omelet you beat me by one second so rich
did they do
Ultron right there Jack and rich I guess
sure you know about what is Ultron I'm
not the hugest Avengers kind of put buff
event.the Ultron is a robot built by
ant-man who goes crazy and tries to kill
ever you know Michael Douglas in the
ant-man movies that's Hank Pym he's the
original an ink pimp pimp
Pym ironically he is a pimp though right
mm-hmm
yeah dog he built the original Ultron he
knows how to backhand a hole been
banished that's a thing the comic book
ant-man hit his wife uh okay wow that's
a really deep reference yeah and its
face it's basically the same thing and
you know he wanted to destroy earth to
purify whatever and who not and vision
is the same in the comic books where
he's a spawn from Ultron basically they
just replace ant-man with Tony Stark
yeah so so Ultron wasn't supposed to be
a bad guy he just was so so incredibly
powerful he realized humans were the big
threat to her he's basically ed-209
we're you know if you step out of line
even a little bit you're dead it reminds
me of that episode of Star Trek The Next
Generation when they accidentally create
Professor Moriarty well they say they
created him an accident they create a
super villain on accident use in the
episode the majority and data are
playing on the holodeck right they're
playing there they're playing there
there Sherlock Holmes adventures and
data keep solving all the cases too
quickly so Geordi says computer create a
Anatomy or create an opponent an
adversary that kate is feeding data
feeding data and so the computer
interprets that interprets that to
create something that's
I really liked the part where Black
Widow was riding on Hulk's back as they
climbed up the floating city that was
great that was awesome
I also just in general enjoyed their
relationship
in the last one or is it no no no there
was a tiny bit of setup for in the West
I thought she was fucking the guy with
the arrows but that's why they
introduced to his wife so you didn't
feel bad for him
no but like you know she's the one who
recruited him and you know she was and
they had that their little like quasi
fight on the Helicarrier in the first
movie yeah
and so like there was there's backstory
that oh yeah they were like brainwashed
or something he was brainwashed no he
was just the Hulk oh I'm talking about
the Silver Streak er that's not even
though what does that have to do so guy
who runs across our nigga that's a
superpower I love Black Widow and oak
was the guy with the arrows John Hawkeye
Hawkeye Silver Star
whatever similar Silver Streak er is a
super spider-man going right
nah no the Silver Surfer Silver Surfer
is a fantastic four thing and was a hero
on his own is that Aunt May's alter ego
the Silver Streak er I saw a giant
silver bush run by the speed of light
I'm getting out of the city you can't
unmask her though so I can't you know
you have a hard time making that be the
surprising reveal that it's a hat Bay
unless he doesn't recognize her until he
puts like a dress on her oh my god your
Aunt May it's so distracted by her naked
on big bodies you're looking away no she
that's like the perfect disguise is it
old lighting with their clothes up her
power is that she run so slowly
it's like Medusa each individual wrinkle
flapping in the breeze
yeah you think this is the real reason
Sony's spider-man Cinematic Universe
completely fell apart because this is
what they were planning for the solo in
May movie
here we all are
nothing but our wit and our will save
world so stand and fight
know where we all get through this I got
no plans tomorrow night
I'm always picking up after you boys I
feel like this is the first real sign of
kind of Marvel like cracking under the
weight of their own mythology a crack
and the Iron Man armor sure sure I don't
there's any one chamber kin the armor
listen uh but what you guys are starting
to see now is they're scratching the
surface of when comics run out of ideas
it gets weird we get into space the
vision as a character in general that's
how he is in the comics he's a weird red
man with a laser in his forehead and
it's weird yeah I liked vision I like I
heard like Jamar leaving the theater at
you were saying that you thought he
looked stupid in this movie I loved him
because that was the most comic book II
looking yes goofy character I thought he
was great walked right out of the 1970s
comic books yeah he really did I don't
know if that's a good you know I thought
he doesn't fit in the Marvel Cinematic
Universe though I know when you look at
like guardians of the galaxy that's the
real weird shit they're doing out there
like he's fine you could picture that
guy in the Garlic galaxy movie loved it
but they had to throw on that tie-in
though to the the Pharaohs and the
infinity gems and this movie did not
need this just needed to focus on Ultron
yeah I'm fighting Ultron well that's we
were after the movie we were discussing
like what was with the gem the magic gem
I know it's the Infinity stone but it's
like okay we have a scene where Oliver
characters are having moral conflicts
about whether they should bring this
artificial life with human skin or
whatever to life Tony Stark Bruce Banner
they want to do it
Captain America and whoever else they're
like no you can't do that Scarlett and
then Thor comes out of nowhere and he
throws down his hammer and lightning
shoots everywhere and I was like what is
happening and then he explains something
about like I had a vision and this is
the infinity stone and I was like now
this is a trick question but how many
Infinity stones are there six point
being they put that in there even though
is convoluted and confusing to anyone
that's not a huge comic book nerd so Lee
so it would tie in with these other
movies because ending
Cinematic Universe is more important
than telling a clear concise story yes
I'm gonna say I think I know what your
problem is I understood what was going
on it just would have been cleaner if
they took out the the lidium stuff yes
you take that part out it's just the AI
who goes mad and wants to destroy a life
because I liked all those elements
you're talking about but all of that all
the other things crammed in it's like
going to like a web site and trying to
read an interesting entertaining article
and just like pop-up ads taking over the
entire site where you're like seeing the
article through it but you're like get
out of my way and then you have to click
on the hyperlink to understand that
annotation you start reading that go
back to the main story oh there's
another hyperlapse oh no oh that's
another I want to see a story about Tony
Stark fucking up and creating an AI that
decides that it wants to destroy the
world like what that's great that's
pretty percent slot if that happened
you'd be complaining those too
simplistic no not at all not if it had
all the other elements of this would
like the characters working together and
the banter because I'm like I don't know
I I I got the stone thing I like the
fact that this weird alien superhero
came out of a box
I like that God knows he's a robot
superhero a robot yeah and they were all
shooting lasers at Ultron at the end
that was great I don't mind a little
touch of a little expansion here and
there I I thought it was more or less
decently blended yeah there's nothing
that sounds more nerdy than infinity gem
it's true it's pretty good story in the
comics well let's talk it's gonna make a
terrible movie look at but let's that
let's talk about that then they're
setting up the infinity gems for the
Infinity Gauntlet
yes Santos will have that I'm assuming
it's going to be the next Avengers movie
no I think they're gonna make a separate
movie for it
okay but either way they're setting this
all up also Thanos is the purple monster
that you see in the movie yeah for
played by Jasper well let me ask you a
question when Thanos has the Infinity
Gauntlet and puts it on is the film
going to be called Thanos in the hand of
fate
yeah but Burrage you were saying okay
that story line great comic why don't
you think that'll work as a movie these
movies are all about the heroes beating
up the bad guys and they have action
adventures the Infinity Gauntlet is
about a God who worships death that
murders everybody and the heroes are
powerless to stop him isn't that the new
Superman movie basically see that's
that's my problem with it these de toll
and the Marvel movies all been been fun
the infinity thing that they're building
up to is the climax is not just it's
just not gonna fit with everything else
they've done if they do it like the
story is in the comics well then they'll
just change it and then make it
light-hearted as I make setups for
fifteen more movie exactly what if
Thanos is defeated by the Silver Streak
er I got yeah if he's so distracted and
then then fast man that isn't
Quicksilver just runs up and steals the
Infinity Gauntlet right officer no
silver streakers bush catches on the
Infinity Gauntlet and rips it off oh I
got a Brazilian what is it the Infinity
Gauntlet basically as the story goes and
there might be different versions
because that's a comic book works in the
Marvel Universe there was a singular God
who murdered himself and committed
suicide and what was left over are the
infinity gems and those are the pillars
of reality what do you mean left over
how when you die how do these magic gems
appear they created the universe as we
know it your space is space space space
and if you if you gather the infinity
gems together you are God in the Marvel
Universe for all intents and purposes
and Thanos who worships actually
worships like death not not just worship
that he's in love he's in love with
death who is a real person a real person
in the Marvel Universe so he gets the
gems becomes a god and he literally
murders half the universe okay and
everyone is completely power to power
let's stop because He is God because
with all the infinity gems you can
control reality
so and the crux of the story is that
with all phantos wants is for death to
love him back and she just doesn't she
won't so The Avengers will stop Thanos
by learning to work as a team
well speaking of Man of Steel in this
new film
okay we're watching this film and it's 2
hours and 41 minutes long we get to the
end credits and there's 55,000 people's
names is are these movies now are these
like rich you're saying they could trim
it down to a cohesive 90 minutes no not
anymore
it has to be twice that length it has to
be filled with everything and it has two
action scenes have to be so over-the-top
so exciting that they need 50,000 people
50,000 computer animators just doing
this like is that what movies are now
like I'm just speaking action movies
seems likely my point wasn't that they
should have cut it down to my 90 minutes
my point was they could have and it
still would have had the same plot I
think yeah exactly see that is extended
fights you know what it is it's like
fast food it's like when they made fast
food meals yeah they keep making like
the large size cups bigger and bigger
and then the meals get bigger and bigger
and I think that's what it is it's just
like an expansion of light because
people only 90 minutes long with on the
flawed myth and a lot of Explorium
you're right technically they could have
cohesively made a 90 minute long story
with a couple of sporadic action scenes
that was very satisfying but people say
90 minute it should be 241 minutes and
should have lots of explosions and lots
of things going on look much like the
McDonald's value meal has gotten bigger
and bigger and bigger over time because
people's appetites keep getting bigger
and bigger for entertainment yeah yeah
yeah I definitely feel like Joss Whedon
was struggling more with this one than
the first one is so clean cut it's long
but it doesn't feel bloated it doesn't
feel like oh this could go this could go
this movie I feel like there was a lot
of stuff that could just like it wasn't
necessarily bad on its own but pull it
out have a more satisfying clear-cut
story we're not going to happen anymore
can I say though for a movie that's just
like a clusterfuck of people shoving
everything into it
they did a good job with it oh sure it
didn't fall flat on the train three or
it's like this doesn't go with us
exactly yeah but it's getting near that
point it's like that little Running Man
game that we play where you hit ABC you
obviously mop it's like go up that's
like go up where coop coop where it's
like running and soon it's gonna fall on
its face if and the guy's just teetering
and balancing and you're making progress
but eventually you're gonna fall yeah
but that man is Kevin faggy
was that his name Kevin hey G hey G I
want to say is lobby's the coop guy
right now because a Avengers 3 will not
be a cohesive 90-minute film it's going
to be three hours and 41 minutes you
bring up the amazing spider-man 2 and I
think the difference between this the
amazing spider-man 2 is that the amazing
spider-man 2 is like a a baloney bacon
tofu and Ice Cream Sandwich is just all
this shit that doesn't work together the
Avengers 2 is is just like a larger
cheeseburger it's still a cheeseburger
there's just more meat there's more of a
lot of there's longer more extended
fight scenes by more meat patties on it
or like a bigger cheese like I like like
a bigger cheeseburger yeah almost to the
almost of the point where it's
ridiculous where you're looking like I
could never eat that but you eat it
you feel a little bloated afterwards but
you're still able to get it down but in
the end it's it turns into shit I don't
like this metaphor anyway
just a lot more of this metaphor should
stop before the digestive process
speaking of Marvel movies at the end of
the credits we got our mid credit scene
which is the first time in the history
of any of these movies I knew what it
was all these other ones something
happens I'm like who's that what is this
what you're like hey it's Robert sadar
and his final role are you saying Pano's
is played by Robert siddhart Oh
rest in peace Raza fine are you can tell
he's dying because his skin is purple
that's right
it's not blood reaching his face they
film that on his deathbed
um rich would you recommend Avengers 2
yeah that's a lot of fun it's all you
have to say that's all I have to say
this is if you like action there's gonna
be a lot of explosions there's gonna be
a really awesome fight between Iron Man
and the Hulk and you get to watch good
guys rescuing people and if you don't if
you're not as big on the action stuff
there actually are a lot of good just
character moments there's the romance
stuff and then there's the family with
Hawkeye a lot a lot of good characters
just being interesting characters so
they it's good it's fun movie jack
agreed I definitely recommend I think
you have to temper your expectations
it's not going to be the massive climax
that the first Avengers movie is it's
now it's another brick in the puzzle
instead of the the showstopper but I
enjoyed it uh yeah I will agree it's
hard not to recommend it it's a big tent
pole summer movie that filled with
excitement and humor in action
everyone can enjoy it you almost say
that begrudgingly like it sounds good
it's so exciting I guess or whatever but
that's what movies have done at this
point where it's like nothing is really
spectacular anymore you're not that
impressed but it's like this is more of
what I've seen I enjoyed the first one
the first Avengers more you know that's
an a this is a good B B+ you know and it
has it's it's it's so all over the place
it's hard to define exactly what the
problem is or you just like yeah but
really like there wasn't much of a
problem it's just it's so all-inclusive
that it's hard to not like it you know I
mean yeah well that's what the solo
movies are for these Avengers movies are
like a big celebration of everybody
coming together the individual movies
are where you can connect those specific
characters that you like you know on a
and you realize which which characters
you like based on their individual
movies like Iron Man's the tops yep and
then there's there's Captain America and
then Thor is on the bottom no yeah
nobody loves the over like store so a
thorny Thor works as a comic relief
character in the big movies raising
I enjoy movie Thor more than I ever
enjoyed comic book for losers kind of
fun yeah it's a little tongue-in-cheek
you know a little bit second one was so
goofy I know and I'm glad that I don't
know if they're doing it but I'm glad
that they didn't bother to make a solo
Hulk movie with Mark Ruffalo I know
they've done because no one cares that's
true yeah we just want the big green guy
to smash you think yeah he doesn't need
a movie they did two movies with Edward
Norton and then been out everything I
was the first one ed Norton was the
reboot line yeah and technically the
Edward Norton one is Marvel Cinematic
Universe yeah that's in Canon yeah it
might be fun if they ever decide to do
Planet Hulk that's where that's where
because Holga so dangerous Iron Man
sends him off into space and then he
ends up at an alien planet where he
fights in an alien gladiatorial arena
see and that's a movie that's the move I
would watch that yeah III don't need to
see the same like super God villain
rehashed stuff every movie I want to see
Planet Hulk then he takes over he
becomes their king and he leads a space
army back to earth where he's really mad
at Iron Man or something into space
that's amazing rich that's amazing this
is gonna be like 2025 army cinematic
universe yeah Jay whatever this was
Avengers 2 the age of Ultron yeah I
would recommend it it's it's and like
you said it's hard to pinpoint I think
it's just that like everything it is
heart is it both of you you know sign
dishearten but just remember that
trailer for Batman vs super no no this
this is a thing like there's lots to
like in this movie the problem is it's
too much of a good thing
like all the individual parts are good
but it's just III as someone who likes
in especially in this type of movie I
want a clear concise story I think
because it's the Avengers and it's
because they've taken all of these big
major hero names they put them together
I think they just feel pressured throw
in everything oh sure like I said they
want to please everyone and I get that
but it doesn't create for a completely
satisfied story tell that to the 25
billion people that watched it oh sure
you'll get you'll get you know a lot of
entertainment out of it I mean I don't
want to come down too hard on the movie
I just I just worry I can see the future
I can see what's cubby you're
to have been directed by richard
linklater this movie wants to see thor
hood
what a loser oh yeah we'll just be
boring fucking boring
I think that was that was that yeah yeah
I can't wait for the Avengers 3 where
they all get together and fight another
super powerful being yeah yeah
so Mike J rich and I have actual work to
do so please get out yeah
after that whole discussion does just
treat us like garbage I guess we should
go Oh Mike
why didn't you say you were gonna come
up with a plan to get these guys out of
here oh shit that's right I was supposed
to be thinking of a plan you know we
just talked about the Avengers for so
long I forgot I owe you fuckhead
what are we gonna do now I don't know J
but I'm sure it'll be violent and
terrible and very poorly thought out Oh
all those guys coming back they said
they prepare four minutes
