Jul 6, 2015 
Termintator Genisys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=II6OAIJPe70
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/618145540837126144
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153014906942634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-terminator-genisys

Half in the bag.
Get this shit off my cabinet.
hello and welcome to half in the
bag i'm jay and i might and we just saw
terminator tales from genesis space
that's right Jay
the 1984 John sent you to it no longer
exists
I was so wrong Oh John John sent me here
to save you from the Terminator that was
sent back to create a terminator the age
of Ultron will only be in theaters for
about a week so see it while you can
that is before Joe Dirt 2 knocks it out
of its ninth place in the box office Joe
Dirt 2 isn't even being released in
theaters it's a Netflix in the
Terminator fans rejoice Arnold is back
in the iconic role that made him famous
The Terminator
oh wait I guess he was also back in
Terminator 3 rise of the machines so
he's back again wow he really meant it
when he said I'll be getting divorced
for fucking my elderly Puerto Rican
cleaning lady in this new film
Arnold plays old Terminator who was sent
back in time to protect a nine year-old
Sarah Connor for some reason but not
before the other Terminator was sent
back in time but not before Kyle Reese a
Chinese t1000 and a dog named Einstein
were also sent back in time in this
alternate timeline Sarah Connor played
by someone terrible is driving around
with guns her whole life waiting for
action scenes to happen then Kyle Reese
shows up and together everyone
pointlessly shoots guns at a guy who's
made of some kind of digital metal or
some J what did you think of the
Terminator age of Ultron oh man as far
as franchise reboots that are completely
driven by nostalgia and recreating
scenes we've seen in previous movies
Jurassic world's looking so much better
right now
I'm a dark Theater movie starts and I
start to see things I recognize this
movie is terrible it's it's watchable
it's not like I wasn't like angry in the
theater I was just sort of baffled and
and laughing a lot and how the key word
for this movie is convoluted I will
probably say it a million times in this
discussion needlessly convoluted Leslie
convoluted that's good yeah I also I
have the same feelings on it I didn't
hate it
it was watchable really impressive
visual effects sometimes almost all the
time I mean I the the digital aren't
obliterate for a digital Arnold it
suffers from what they all that I'm
whenever they try and do that there's
that uncanny valley effect where you're
like something's not right
sure but it was 98% there for me oh sure
5% it I noticed there was like the the
recreation of the first movie where he
stands up and there's like a tighter
shot of his face
that really tight shot of his face
looked great whenever he talked it
looked weird but when he was just
standing there silently like that looked
really good I look at each of you and I
see the marks of this long and terrible
war
fight
the opening and the first almost the
first act I really liked when they
recreated like they show Judgment Day
happening and they showed some of the
battle stuff and then the whole like
lead-up to we found where the time
machine is and kind of the whole bit
Kyle Reese backstory which we never got
to see we get to see finally done I
think it's around the time
Arnold shows up that the movie goes off
the rails which Arnold the real elderly
Arnold old Arnold okay oh well middle
aged Arnold because they go to 1984
first and I think they did some kind of
digital miss on his face they they
opened up a computer and they scooped
out computer stuff and smeared it on his
face because he looked noticeably
younger I did not kill him and in the
1984 timeline I was like oh he doesn't
look that bad and I I think they did
what they did to like Patrick Stewart
and Ian McKellen and the third x-men
were they I didn't notice that they
smear computer stuff on all over their
face I noticed a he I was like he looks
good and then there's a oh that's a real
they smear Vaseline on the computers
yeah yeah they they come in and manually
like q-tip Vaseline on everyone's
eyeballs in every theater okay
just squint he doesn't look that old
you're closed give them to me now you
won't be needing any clothes
I've been waiting for you
if felt like a terminator fan filled
like now the t1000 shows up and and he's
in 1984 parties in the department store
with calories and he has to fight the
t1000 and it felt like a fan film and I
was like okay you know if you like
terminator things you're gonna enjoy
this from like a a completely mindless
like Batman vs. predator kind of way
where there's no real stakes or plot or
anything like that or no emotional
investment isn't it neat to see these
Batman fight the predator and this t1000
is also dressed as a cop because
reference I'll be back what and I start
to see things I recognize what well
we're gonna say spoilers now but you
should know that you have already had
the movie spoiled if you've seen the
trailer yes
so it's entire movie yeah and spoilers
will actually be helpful because we're
gonna try and break down the plot so if
you have not seen the movie watch this
whole review you might enjoy the movie
more by listening to us trying and make
sense of it because then you'll have
some like it's like studying for a test
oh oh sure it's like this is like the
the Cliff Notes version of the film
where it's like oh okay now I understand
Romeo and Juliet that's what's happening
yeah yeah so Mike do you want to try and
break this down best of the worst style
where we just kind of go through the
movie cuz this this entire movie is just
a non-stop barrage of what what but J on
best of the worst we only watch terrible
movies let's start at the beginning the
Terminator 1984 James Cameron's original
film yes the the nostalgic and quaint
it's a very simple tale it's such a
simple streamlined great story it's a
very simple causality loop but then and
and really the the whole backstory of
Skynet and robots coming to life and
taking over the planet is just a
framework to hang-hang this little
action movie on but now that's become
its own mythos and logic of for we've
had five Terminator movies and four of
them have had the exact same story yeah
the second one it's like so
was really good but once they they said
oh also who are chil of the t1000 once
they said oh also there's a new
terminators coming back in time his
name's the t1000 that's what it's like
it's starting to fall over the line but
but there's this overall theme of which
is I think is irritating it's starting
to remind me of the Matrix movies now
there's this overall overall theme of
their sky no matter what you do Skynet
will happen Judgment Day will happen
yeah like it's inevitable and it's
almost like becoming like like a chore
and pointless when you look at this
movie it really feels like a bunch of
people in a writers room going what can
we do to save this franchise what can we
do to make this work
so so to put an elderly Arnold
Schwarzenegger in this movie they came
up with a hackneyed reason why he's
there it's at some point in the future
in some timeline a liquid Terminator was
sent back to when Sarah Connor was 9 and
Arnold was sent back to protect her from
the liquid Terminator because that's
what always happens every time and since
then Arnold raised her and we wondered
who sent Arnold back and the state of
California was ok with this this whole
like adopted parent sure yeah why not
oh she even calls him pops but I was
thinking like okay who sent him back and
Kyle Reese is wondering the same thing
and Arnold just goes that's classified
and the rest of the movie I was thinking
okay well we're gonna come back to this
we're gonna learn we never learn I hope
you forget by them they hope you just
forget it's basically the lazy writers
way of getting out of explain why
anything in this movie is happening my
guess is they have no fucking clue and
they say if there's a sequel we'll
figure it out later so Kyle Reese sent
back in time he discovers he's in an
alternate timeline he runs into the
department store just like the first
movie he's being chased by the t-80 1000
who's also in a cop uniform for no
reason and then Sarah Connor bursts
through the door and it's not the
Terminator one Sarah Connor it's badass
tough Sarah Connor badass tough Sarah
Connor who's played by someone from Game
of Thrones who looks like a little kid
and acts horribly and has nothing on
Linda Hamilton
and she says come with me if you want to
live because reference yes and they had
been waiting 17 years for calories to
show up be up there three hours late
well can we get into Genesis which is
this was another writers room brainstorm
what's what's going on in 2017 what's
going on the future everyone has iPhones
and iPads what everyone's connected
technologically instead of Skynet being
a military thing it's an operating
systems you know it's an operating since
I know control everyone that way cuz the
atomic weapons are so nineteen eighties
I gotta say like you're making fun of it
that's the only interesting idea in the
entire but what was it gonna do it was
they say Skynet are uh there's an
operating system cause of nuclear war
Genesis is a Trojan horse for Skynet is
what they say
what that means I don't know but that's
what they say what does it have to do
with everyone's iPhones but it's they're
gonna update their operating system to
Genesis and when that happens
Skynet takes over Skynet can take over
all the fuck it wants I could control
everyone's iPads and smart TVs and
iPhones and Samsung Galaxy six and your
little thing in your car and your GPS
and your eye watch remember Apple
watches what a hit no those are great
but until they have the power to to
launch ICBMs all over the planet there
really isn't a judgement day so I didn't
get the connection between your phone
and and the the fuck NORAD launching
nukes maybe the robots plan to take over
the planet without like nuking
everything maybe they don't want to live
in a post-apocalyptic junkyard but based
on the movie that's what happens yeah
you're right it doesn't make any fucking
sense
so oh well okay so right after Kyle
Reese goes in the time bubble and go
travels back in time a man who is not
Ultron but who is not the Borg who is
not the Phalanx who is not any of these
things put this hand on John Connor and
says you're coming with
me it's it's Doctor Who that's who that
actor was Doctor Who exactly I feel like
the franchise has been reinvigorated
like this is a Renaissance the there is
now a living embodiment of Skynet Agent
Smith
oh wait that's the Matrix films this was
ripped off from that oh he shows up and
he he grabs John Connor and converts
them into something zombie robot John
Connor
zombie it's not really CI watching the
trailer I thought John Connor has been
turned into Terminator they're gonna
like get that technology out of him
somehow and they're gonna save him and
he's gonna still be a good guy but it
wasn't John Connor was John Connor dead
it was just like a robot John Connors
dead by the end of the movie yeah I
guess anyway instead of making him the
most indestructible fuckin Terminator in
my opinion is liquid metal guy but this
guy he's made of something where his
weakness is magnets
well magnets how do they work I don't
know how they work but they're
everywhere yes he gets stuck to an MRI
machine an MRI machine almost kills him
so I was expecting them to end up in a
junkyard and our own to be driving one
of those like oh that wasn't great I
would have been great
maybe we should have wrote this movie
instead of a bunch of soulless corporate
hacks
I mean screenwriter named here well
that's the only like whenever every
Terminator movie now it's like the only
thing that constitutes like a creative
new idea is just having a new type of
Terminator the second movie introduces
the liquid metal Terminator the third
movie introduces the robot with liquid
metal over it which seems counter like
like a step backwards and then this
movie magnet robot digital magnet
computerized matrix robot yes well when
a hologram doctor who puts his hand over
your mouth that transforms you into a
robot so it's kind of like that that new
movie pixels oh wait the the Pac Man
Bites you and your hand turns
yeah I see people were transforming the
pixels like an infection
you
they'll have a time machine oh yeah they
also invented it they built a time
machine in 1984 fuck I'm Bill and Ted
used their time machine much more
efficiently well I guess the idea is
that the Terminator the protector of
Sarah Connor pops knows how to build the
time machine because a robot that's
built for combat is also equipped with
that information it turned out to be
very fortunate for our heroes though yes
because in 1984 terminator built a time
machine and Sarah Connor and Kyle Reese
are preparing to get into the time
machine and then they take off their
clothes because you have to be nude in
the time machine and we get Kyle Reese
looking at a silhouette of Sarah Connor
and it looks like fucking cartoon of her
undressing looks like Jessica Rabbit
it's like a complete silhouette like a
spotlight silhouette like a cartoon so
yeah Cyberdyne genesis whatever it is
now is conveniently built a time machine
in the same room is a liquid metal that
is making robot people but they can't
run because the old arnold says
something about they don't have cpus or
something like that and then he
sacrifices himself with robot zombie
John Connor and the time machine causes
John Connor to but that shoots old
Terminator out into the VAT of liquid
metal so now he's upgraded he's now
liquid metal Arnold so Kyle Reese and
Sarah Connor get in the time machine to
travel to 2017
Arnold cannot go with them because his
skin has been burnt off and so he's a
robot so he says I'll meet you there
wait stop oh my god okay I've seen
plenty of Star Trek or shows like that
you watch Star Trek I have watched Star
Trek this is the first I'm hearing it
was the show that takes place aboard the
Star Trek Enterprise with dr. Spock
where they there's these convoluted time
time travel shows right okay we got to
go back here to stop this and that and
then there's all sorts of things in it's
butterfly effect
causality loops you kill your
grandparents paradoxes paradoxes
whatever but at the core it doesn't
matter like okay this doesn't make sense
this year this time period this timeline
doesn't converge of them as long as
there is a heart to the story is there a
heart to this story no and that's the
main problem no the heart of this movie
is you remember the Terminator I guess
the point I'm trying to make is they
even stole the humanity and the heart
from the other movies they borrowed
their plot lines in this the only thing
I can I could figure out is that we're
supposed to care that young Sarah Connor
has this father relationship with pops
and that she loves him and we're also
supposed to think Kyle Reese and Sarah
Connor loved each other well they're
supposed to follow and this was the
phone and now they know they're supposed
to fall in love so there's conflictive
and then they just do with even though
those two actors have zero chemistry and
they both kind of suck yeah you actually
felt something in the second one like
the John Connor T Terminator connection
like it was a little sad the you know
the dududududu you know hello corny but
but it was said you liked the Terminator
in number two and then in number one you
felt the the connection and the romance
between Sarah Connor and this there it's
just like it's like these actors are
like blank slates they're like the
digital Terminator like this girl kind
of looks like young Linda Hamilton this
guy doesn't look anything like Michael
Biehn but let's just put him in the
movie because he has a boring face he
looks like like man yeah and and they're
completely chemistry lists and and
characterless and devoid of personality
other than let's put people in a movie
yeah any emotion you're supposed to draw
from it is based solely on your
nostalgia for the first two movies yes
my point is the main characters only
recourse to solve this problem is let's
put bombs all over the place yes and
let's shoot guns at things let's shoot
everything there's so many scenes in
this movie that are convoluted time
travel dialogue attempting to explain
what the hell is happening
and then bad guy walks in they shoot at
him and run away and scene start that
whole sequence over again these are our
main characters they're there their
entire knowledge base is I we need to
set off an explosive and they have one
explosive did they go around the whole
complex and put them in all the
buildings it's like the fucking end of
pike club you know where every building
starts falling like when did that I was
numb by that point so I don't even know
speaking of numb they play The Ramones I
want to be sedated throughout the movie
which is ironic listen to me Rhys
everything's changed this is all wrong
but John John sent me here to save you
presents new Rhys everything's changed
1980 1982 terminator I know so Kyle
Reese has the Irish parents not John
Connor yes go figure that one out
maybe maybe Kyle Reese's mother and
father are really John Connors mother
and father
holy fuck Kyle Reese fucked his own
mother to make John Connor and John
Connor fucked Kyle Reese's Irish mother
to make Sarah Connor it's a whole system
of time-travel inbreeding
oh my god you need to write Terminator
Genisys part two Terminator Genisys
space in space okay so they traveled to
2017 they land in the middle of the
interstate where they get promptly hit
by a car that's gotta be going at least
50 miles per hour and they get a tiny
scratch on their heads and they go to
the hospital that's a clue that Kyle
Reese is also a terminator maybe that'll
be established more in the follow-up to
this film so they go to the hospital
because Arnold didn't get to him in time
they got hit by the car and then cops
showed up and whatever then Arnold comes
to the hospital because he knows they're
there I guess and he walks in with a
comically large teddy bear so he can
conceal his shotgun and it's just Arnold
like 70 year old Arnold lumbering around
with his teddy bear yeah and the way
it's shot is
shot for comedy it's just shot which
makes it yeah and and they would have if
they're going for a nostalgia they would
have been better with the the box of
long-stemmed Rose yet they didn't know
that was classy and creative and Arnold
is really a comically large teddy bears
that's true that's Jeremy I'm sorta
Nagar is likable he's a likable man I
don't know this is the best part of this
movie like it doesn't matter how bad of
an actor he is or the fact that he can't
pronounce the word cellular which he
says multiple times in one scene it
breaks down on a cellular level he keeps
saying that yeah one of the weirder
aspects of it was like you said Arnold
saying words like technobabble
yeah and and I never saw terminators as
like like data's you know like brent
Spiner data like I saw them as just
mindless killing robots yeah or some
reason he's a smartest data and he could
build a fucking time machine yeah Jim
Irwin data traveled back to San
Francisco from the 1890s
and met Mark Twain data was also
building some sort of device out of
technology at the time to communicate to
the future but data could do that
because he's smart that was in the the
two-parter episode times arrow because
you need some way to have expository
dialogue in these movies and I guess you
need someone to build a fucking time
machine yes alright okay I don't gonna
do what happening in Arnold can build a
time machine because movie and I'm
watching this there's some kind of scene
where John Connor who's a magnetic
digital Roma zombie robot John Connor he
reminds me of those you know those those
toys or they have the magnets and
there's like like a man's face Willy
Willy Willy Willy yeah there's like some
amazing scene where he's like yeah his
skins coming apart there's all this like
detail he's like and that's on the
screen for like 15 seconds and I'm just
like yeah and I just picture some like
computer animator sitting there for like
17,000 hours working on this
meticulously and all these effects like
terminator
great all the the future tech everything
this visual effects in this really good
and just but it's at the service of
nothing you know what they haven't done
which they they really took advantage of
this in the tremors films and the Back
to the Future films is that they need to
have Terminator in the Wild West like
I'm just thinking like what if what if
cowl racing and Sarah Connor just said
hey fuck all this let's go back to 1890
and we're gonna start a little religion
called we hate Skynet and we're going to
change the whole future yeah start way
back and change everything for me from
the ground
go roundup stop the invention of
computers altogether it would give an
opportunity for them to sit in a Wild
West bar and marinate and aren't know
and Arnold to to walk through the door
he could be bad Terminator this time he
should be bad Terminator and he go he
walks through the I mean he's got like
the full-on like cowboy garb I told you
I'd be back
or he'd say I'm here yes the first day
yeah and then he would build and I like
Cowboys well I would take just about
anything other than someone gets sent
back in time make sure that Skynet
happens and someone else gets sent back
in time stops kind op Skynet from
happening and John Connor and Sarah
Connor protect fate no fate but what we
make now let's talk about a Wild West
Terminator I do okay sir John Connor
these two actors Joe the Terminator like
try to get on a horse to ride it and
once he jumps on it the horses goes yes
it breaks the horses back yeah oh my god
this is great let's get in the writers
room but you could really have fun with
um a lot of the the technology of the
day like they would they would sentence
terminator to like a public hanging and
then they drop the gallows and he would
just break the I mean just land on his
feet
gee willikers well that's even in this
movie in Terminator Genisys like cuz
Arnold can't travel into the future with
them because
his robot arm is exposed so he waits
like whatever it is 30 years 40 years
and there's like some offhand dialogue
about how he worked in construction like
I want to see that movie about what he
was doing that whole time I would rather
watch that like terminator just trying
to like kill time for 30 years now
they've like they've jumped the shark
pardon the expression because now
they've introduced the fact that
everyone has a time machine and people
at time machined all over the place well
that's the thing too is they travel to
2017 and at the skynet headquarters
they're also building a time machine
conveniently yeah is that supposed to be
the one in the future
maybe but like they say oh it's not
gonna be ready for several years but
then they just use it immediately anyway
I guess yeah why not build a time
machine there's no like they're making
liquid liquid metal people or in the
same room as the time machine
conveniently yeah and then they're also
making an app the app seems to be the
most important thing for everybody just
an app it's an operating system it's
pretty big in downloads but we're also
building a time machine in liquid people
but our app let's talk about our app so
uh yeah he's giving them I guess but
like what he's starting up Skynet again
so why have the time machine
why is he building one because it can
because it's convenient because movie
because that's how they need to end the
movie is with another time machine so
that just happens yeah yeah Wow like
movies have really gotten bad thank you
like the Terminator films
I'll be back here I love this movie this
movie is is a shiny object you dangle in
front of a cat it's it's very
nice-looking it's very slick the effects
are great the action is great but it's
nothing but a shiny object you dangle in
front of a cat so all you cats out there
get out you're catnip my recommendation
is if you're a cat you'll love this film
do you think Arnold took Sarah Connors
virginity yes like because he was
protecting her since age 9 I don't think
he let her go on dates that's exactly
what happened are you fully functional I
am fully functional that's a reference
to Star Trek The Next Generation they do
have sex on Star Trek
oh yeah that's a little weird he never
gets rapey but he does have sex yes sex
well I'm glad he doesn't get rapey so
they killed John Connor who was that
we're still talking about terminator
they killed John Connor we talked about
this movie more than the writers I think
I think so yeah I can say this though it
is better than Terminator 3 it doesn't
feel like a cheap like direct-to-video B
movie it's not a complete recreation of
the Terminator to do another part when
they get arrested and then the theme to
cops the TV show plays in 2015 there's a
movie where they play the theme song two
cops travel through time and come for
you but the like direction why is there
there is no like real vision there it
just don't know everything looks pretty
bland and here we film this now I film
that now and say these lines yeah they
tried to do an emotional scene where
they silhouetted Jessica Rabbit she's
undressing then it's like a complete
silhouette in spotlight it reminded me
of like a Naked Gun movie yeah I wanted
her to turn and there be a big penis
so Mike would you recommend terminator
rise of the Genesis Terminator no uh if
your this is a little specialized
audience thing if you're a fan of
terminators and Terminator lore you'll
get you'll get a kick out of this movie
there it's like a fan film it's like a
big-budget fan film a big-budget
Terminator phantom like I said it's like
Batman fighting the predator with very
little substance so if you like that
sort of thing I'm gonna go with like a
50/50 shot here Jay no
so now that we've watched Terminator
Genisys can we finally watch mom can I
keep her it's got to be better right
those the alternate title the Terminator
Genisys is mom can I keep him
oh shit Sarah Connor referring to those
nine year-old Sarah Connor that makes
you know that would also be a great
Terminator movie the the prequel oh sure
you know her going to a middle school
and Arnold pretending to be a student
sitting next door Oh Lily sideways hat
on him yeah I'm a very old-looking nine
year old boy yeah I'd buy that he would
play dodgeball and he built for me and
would like embedded kids head in the
wall sure you know like all sorts of
crazy stuff like that of the Wild West
but whoa we made it come with me if you
want to live I said come with me if you
want to live
