Jun 26, 2016
X-Men: Apocalypse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjNSCLQGzLA
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/737445670974525440
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153663965417634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-x-men-apocalypse

Half in the bag.
Once my next review
oh boy that took a while to clean up
that bloody dead body did a real good
job washing the floor Jay there's almost
no bloodstains I didn't exactly wash the
floor how'd you get the blood out you
licked it up is that what you're saying
I didn't say that you said that
well I implied it there's a difference
oh okay all I know is that if somebody
put a black light on this room they
would be blinded by the results it would
be almost apocalyptic in nature the
brightness of how everything would light
up from blood stains semen stains fecal
matter urine bodily fluids
well those last three are mostly
Plunkett but yeah mostly hey speaking of
apocalyptic have you seen mother's day
oh my god I have some believe that the
first mutant was born thousands of years
ago he was some kind of
God and he's gonna rise again you are
all my children that you lost because
you follow blind leaders
i'm Xmen apocalypse is another x-men
movie about Professor X and Magneto not
really agreeing with each other
mystique being a loner misfit who does
the right thing and the rest of them
learning to work as a team or something
Oscar Isaac is back with his greatest
acting role since Poe Dameron as the
titular villain apocalypse and ancient
all-powerful godlike mutant apocalypse
wants to do something bad I'm not quite
sure what but it's up to the x-men to
stop him x-men look out it's Apocalypse
Jay what did you think of Apocalypse Now
oh that's a great movie Jay what did you
think of x-men apocalypse uh why did it
take them two and a half hours just to
explain why Xavier is bald that's pretty
much all that you get out of this movie
dramatically it's an okay movie I like
some of it and I didn't like other
things in it
and it's kind of a it's like a constant
clash of like YT more serious end of the
world threats more dramatic superhero
stuff and complete schlock sometimes
that actually melds together in a way
that's sort of interesting and kind of
neat because it's it's it's daring in a
way but then other times it's just like
button heads well Jay I thought this was
the best x-men film since Wolverine
Origins
I don't I know you're gonna say that
first of all I loved it I loved it in a
way where Bryan Singer thought he was
making something dark and serious and it
turned out to be the schlock that I love
yeah there's there some unintentional
laughs in this movie Bryan Singer is
such a we make such weird decisions or
it's like you could call them bold
going all the way back to the first
x-men movie on the first scene in your
first x-men movies big comic-book action
movie is set in fucking Auschwitz like
that's bold that never worked for me I
always thought that was like borderline
tasteless and they bring it back in this
but he took the fact that he takes
chances like that even if sometimes he
falls on his face sort of interesting to
me in a way where something like Civil
War these Marvel movies aren't even
though I like a lot I like I think Civil
War is a better movie if you're just
looking at the big picture like it's a
better movie I was more entertained by
this it was a darn good attempt at doing
a live-action apocalypse kind of a goofy
weird all-powerful character that's hard
to do attempt to destroy
for your humorous
not much about apocalypse well I mean
you know I don't know that much either
other than the the very basics and what
I got from the cartoon show he's a very
ancient all-powerful mutant nobody could
stop him and he's like the biggest
baddest threat I thought Oscar Isaac was
really good in the role he was scary to
me he was a really interesting villain I
liked I liked that it wasn't guy wants
revenge he was just like so
I mean his his motivation or what he was
trying to do I had no idea that's why he
didn't work for me but the character
itself like just his presence is fine
Foreman's presence of look like it was
just like like he would have been more
intimidating though if I knew what the
fuck he wanted oh yes to cleanse the
earth I guess but then what well we can
get into that that that uh everything
wrong with is going to have a field day
with this one
um but yeah like we'll get into his
motivations a little in a little bit I'm
just talking surface level here speak a
surface level visually when people
started seeing pictures of him in this
role they kept saying looks like Ivan
ooze from the first Power Rangers movie
but watching the movie he reminded me of
remember the wishmaster you're that
movie from the late nineties I remember
the name he looks he looks like
wishmaster would what apocalypse have
worked better as a like a CG villain
kind of like a an Ultron type thing cuz
oh I don't know I like that there's an
actor there I think yeah I think Isaac
Oscar Isaac is fine in the role my
biggest problem is just yeah what the
hell does he want and that's why most of
the apocalypse stuff in the movie fell
flat for me together we will cleanse
yeah to the strongest
each generation has cried out for a new
world that has still the same old one
corrupt and weak but the new wound shall
come to pass I will purge the earth at
least been knighted humans that in
especially at the beginning you know we
start in you know Egypt's was a year
whatever 3000 BC whatever it is but we
see his the Four Horsemen his disciples
and they're like cult-like like they
worship Him they love him
they're they're devoted to him and then
apocalypse shows back up in the 80s and
he's just like hey you you want to be
one of the horsemen and they're like ok
yeah they are just horsemen for no real
good reason well the storm one made
sense every storm was really well
developed in this I liked her a lot I
liked that actress definitely better
than Halle Berry oh yeah
remember when Halle Berry tried to do an
accent in the first movie and then by
the second one they were like that was
embarrassing let's not do that again
at least I've chosen aside a storm in
this made sense and Archangel angel who
turns into Archangel when pocalypse
gives them special powers his character
arc no pun intended made sense
they say hitmen Nightcrawler fighting
the boxing ring and then the kind of
full circle back to that later on and
they fight again
and he gets like he's like drunk and you
know a battered and his wing is damaged
and and so he can't fly anymore and he's
it all pissed off and angry and storm is
poor and has to steal to survive so she
has some motivation and of course the
big motivation is Magneto which is all
very well set up very emotionally done
tastefully albeit a little dark yes in a
way that works like I ate about Bryan
Singer Taking Chances that's one that
works they don't all work but that one
does yeah and then of course we come to
the fourth Horsemen of the Apocalypse
my favorite character in the movie yeah
apocalypse and storm come into the the
workshop of the guy who smuggles mutants
out of somewhere and they're like hey we
want powerful mutants and then like
Psylocke comes out of the background and
he's like hey yeah I guess you and a
psylocke is of course played by Olivia
Munn yes as we know in Wisconsin Aaron
Rodgers girlfriend who I don't think
says a single fucking word in the entire
film I think she says something I don't
remember we're talking right doesn't the
Monday first meet her I don't know this
is this is how great her screen presence
is we can't even remember if she says
words Olivia Munn more like Olivia mum
because she doesn't say anything
you know she turned down being the
girlfriend and Deadpool to be in this
movie because she didn't want to play a
role where she doesn't really do
anything
instead she wanted to take on a role
where she doesn't really do anything
yeah I don't know it's like it almost
felt like who else should we have yeah I
mean maybe those four characters were
apocalypses horseman at one point I
think a lot of characters were given
Wolverine at one point or let's just
like I don't know comic book stuff is so
comforting everything has happened at
this point I'm assuming but it just it
just felt like who haven't we had in an
x-men movie yet yeah look who do people
like let's put her in there you know
just kind of fun
wake your ass up because it's time to go
beast mode
okay spoilers are we starting spoilers
yeah okay the whole reviews gonna be
spoilers all right uh in ancient Egypt
Apocalypse had to transfer his
consciousness to Oscar Isaac for some
reason I guess to have a young girl he's
getting audience I guess yes which is
okay yeah he looks pretty old I guess
it's what they're implying I don't think
it's explicitly said but so people that
don't want to live under the rule of
apocalypse like little resistance
movement sets a trap and buries him in
rubble and then I guess a bunch of
Egyptians find the top of this pyramid
buried and like worship it and the cult
and Moira MacTaggert covert CIA
operative for no reason tracks them down
and played by Rose Byrne who was she
from
she's a neighbor's she was in
bridesmaids she's been in a bunch of
stuff
oh the insidious movies she's the wife
in the insidious movies okay um but she
was apparently an x-men first class and
she left such an impression on us in
that movie that I completely forgot she
was in it so she shows up in this movie
but I thought it was like her first
appearance ever and then they remind you
that she's in them and for no real
reason she has her mind wiped which is
ironic because my mind most have been
wipes because I didn't remember that she
was in the other movie III noted the
irony to Savior wipes my memory to again
I don't remember anything I don't
remember and I was that did that's too
long ago because there have been that
that was well it's not just that it's
too long ago so there's such a
convoluted timeline to or it's like it's
hard enough to keep up with the main
characters yeah because I believe they
had Moira MacTaggert in the end of x-men
3 I know more
tough but also they introduced us to
angel already in x-men 3 yes it was a
completely different character in a
completely same age but just in a
different decade yeah and and so there's
lots of other like the you know two
different Jubilees well and also this
movie takes place ten years after the
the past of Days of Future past right
yes which is several years after x-men
first class so by now beasts should be
like in his late 30s or 40s but he's
still like a young dude there's all
sorts of timeline problems are these
people that's the thing is like yeah
yeah mystique is like I think mystique
ages very slowly that's fine yeah
because Jennifer Lawrence is like
they're like we're you're a hero to us
yeah 20 years ago when you did that
thing and she's like their same age I'm
like what survive but yeah it's a it's a
mess it's a mess
I think x-men Days of Future pants was
supposed to just like wipe the timeline
clean and start over but I think now
they're done well then they fuck that up
in this one because at the end of Days
of Future past
I remember they circumvent the whole
Wolverine getting sent to the facility
would Stryker and all that where they do
tests and experiments on him
they circumvent that from happening but
then he's just there again in this movie
well it's it's a it's like a alternate
timeline now he he still he's Weapon X
now right and Weapon X is Wolverine and
I don't know if this comic book or
cartoon but we'll Verne's part of a
superhero team called Alpha Flight which
was the Canadian version of like the
Avengers or the x-men okay and he and he
was basically like their their killing
machine and then he's like I'm leaving
this group when he when he's stabbing
people does he keep apologizing since
they're Canadian whoa uh-huh that
sequence low with Wolverine was was
great the most violent this is one of
the
most violent pg-13 movies I've seen in a
while because I remember x-men 2 came
out and everyone was all excited when
there's the the raid on the mansion and
he's going on the hallway and he's
stabbing people and you're like fuck
yeah but it's like bloodless and here
he's stabbing people and there's blood
do you see blood fly against the wall
it's violent in the way that him
stabbing people would be and we've never
seen that before in any of these movies
yeah then it ends on a really bizarre
note where they'll open the door all the
little teen mutants and he runs out just
in his underwear and he runs out into
the woods and just holds on this flat
shot and it made me laugh
forget everything you think you know
you're not students anymore
your x-men
you
everything they feel will fall and from
the ashes of their world will build a
better one
apocalypse wakes up and then he's like
wandering around modern-day well in 1983
Egypt and he's like people gotta cleanse
the earth I don't know what that means I
guess I mean just wipe everything out
and then but what's what's after that
no you just relax then he just sits on a
beach a little little tiki drink and
watch the sunset but no he's like only
the strong will be my new followers so I
guess he's just going to wipe out
humanity except for the strong ones and
then start a new civilization something
like that but he's all-powerful like he
could turned people into dust or
whatever do it he could manipulate
matter to make things out of anything he
could probably do it all himself but he
needs his horsemen because the Four
Horsemen of the Apocalypse and then he
also needs conveniently Charles Xavier
to talk to everyone inside their heads I
guess how did he know about any of this
how did he know about cerebro well no he
didn't he well he Xavier accidentally
discovered him and then and then he's
like what's this you know what was he
gonna do before he knew about that I
really don't know don't know it was
gonna have magneto fuck around with the
Earth's magnetic core and and trash
everything which is what magneto starts
to do yeah we talked about how magneto
is is is he's he's just a guy he's
chosen hiding in Poland and he has a
wife and old daughter and he's like
uh-huh and then something very bad
happens I don't want spoil it and then
we already in spoil yeah whatever and
then he throws a temper tantrum and
kills 38 guys and then pretty much
trashes the entire world probably
killing hundreds of thousands of people
yes and then at the end Charles Xavier
is like good to see you old bad
sorry Charles until our paths meet again
oh by the way I don't have my helmet on
which prevents you from going into my
mind
which is why I wear the fucking helmet
Charles Xavier the thought never crosses
him to incapacitate magneto forever
Charles you could put him in a coma for
the rest of his life then you don't have
to worry about Magneto but Mike their
dear friends they just don't they just
don't agree there dear Fred he's not
gonna incapacitate him even though he's
just killed hundreds of thousands of
people because he was a little mad
because he was a little man low mad
oh well pretty mad we're talking about
like the things that are funny cuz
they're stupid in this movie can we talk
about like a good scene when we're into
spoilers I guess but when Meg media's
family gets killed and it's really well
done and then cuz they all the the cops
show up and they're like we don't have
any metal on us we figured out who you
are because you saved one guy in an
accident exposing yourself which
probably shouldn't have done so it's
like I like the fact that he did that
that was really good the whole don't
they established that he doesn't need to
like wave his arms around to control
things though because that's how he gets
they figure out that it's that he did
something is he's like hmm
yeah I mean unless it was just very he
had to react very fast maybe but either
way yeah so the cops don't have any they
have weapons but they don't have
anything metal so he can't fuck with
them and then they accidentally killed
his wife and kid
two at once they got a twofer and then
he takes his wife's necklace and just a
little metal necklace and just goes and
it flings around and flies through each
of their necks that's that's a really
well done scene and that's why Brides
occur so frustrating like that scenes
awesome and then there's something so
stupid and then something awesome will
happen again and Psylocke shows up and
that's i la casa I have enjoyed an
entire film about magneto hiding in the
shadows yeah
and this little family life and being
exposed as magneto and then well that's
another thing to point out is that the
thing I've liked about the extra movies
is that they've never been to Grand
they're always mostly just a lot of
bickering ideologies and this one it
goes big epic typical summer blockbuster
out which didn't work for me because
we're seeing all this destruction you
see it in the trailer you see bridges
break apart and all that shit I don't
see a single reaction from a single
person there's no extras in any of that
stuff so you're just seeing it like in
these wide shots that are just
completely you know computer-generated
and then we cut to a little junkyard set
and that's where everybody's fighting it
you know that stuff didn't work for me
at all I don't know I was okay with the
things let's talk about things we liked
okay I like that uh it didn't revolve
around stupid Jennifer Lawrence yes not
entirely she's in a you know quite a bit
probably more than mystique would be if
it wasn't Jennifer Lawrence but she's
locked into these movies and she's
actually blue naked mystique for two
minutes maybe the whole movie and the
rest time she looks like Jennifer
Lawrence yeah but yeah the movie the
plot doesn't revolve around her the way
they were kind of starting to go with
some of the other oh yeah from the
trailers and stuff when at the the movie
ends with her starting to train the
young x-men in the Danger Room yeah and
she's like you're x-men and you know
now's your time to fight and or whatever
and I was like oh no she's going to be
like leading them and we have to work as
a team like x-men three I think did that
with Hugh Jackman and Wolverine where
it's like they have to look up to
somebody now that Pop's is dead it's
gonna be you a Wolverine no Wolverine
would just leave yeah and go fuck all
y'all but no I'm gonna be a leader now
cuz I'm Hugh Jackman me and Halle Berry
were the big names and Lawrence is the
biggest name in this so she's gonna be
the leader and really she wasn't and and
what was shocking to me was that the kid
who played Cyclops and Cyclops started
to kind of like take hold as a leader he
was running around with Jean Grey and
Nightcrawler and and he sort of was like
kind of starting to take charge and and
I liked the fact that they had Cyclops
in this I like the kid who played him he
did really good and he was starting to
learned
uses powers and
it was great
i-i've always liked cyclops he's always
sucked in the movies unfortunately
because they they push him to the side
because he's not as interesting as a
Wolverine I was tormented or whatever
and he's not a big star like Halle Berry
was at the time yes storm is boring but
it's Halle Berry so Halle Berry is the
big name and gray well at the end when
they're trying to kill apocalypse you
know a magneto turns sides and he's like
now I I'm going to start throwing all
the metal in the world at you and then
and then Cyclops is just blasting them
with this optic blast like the heavy
hitters are pounding on apocalypse and
then Professor X is getting his mind and
then and then big ending which really is
throwing continuity out the window
well three didn't happen anymore right
in this timeline so it doesn't matter
yes so so for those of you who haven't
seen x-men three the elder Jean Grey
played by femke Jensen has the the power
of the Phoenix within her and it's and
Professor Xavier works 24/7 to keep it
in check in her brain because if it
comes out it's the fucking under the
world she can't control it and it's
really dangerous in this movie a
thirteen year old girl unleashes the
power of the Phoenix on apocalypse melts
him melts his face off the most powerful
mutant ever to exist melts him and then
goes all right of a buddy let's go home
I guess I'm okay and in the comic books
I think the the Phoenix was a space a
space entity that that was able to
control Jean Grey because she was
powerful enough to contain it I think
okay from what I recall so there's three
different versions of the Dark Phoenix
this one it's now been established that
this girl is this the girl from Brooklyn
she looks like the girl from Brooklyn no
it's not okay this is a girl that's on
Game of Thrones okay what that Game of
Thrones that show with Peter Dinklage
and all
the dicks and boobs everywhere I was at
the show where you see Peters Dinklage I
know you got a little thing for him oh I
get it I know you got a little thing for
his little thing but yeah so now they've
established that the x-men have at their
disposal the Phoenix at their will yeah
and there's never gonna be any conflict
in any future movies so oh no we've got
another villain Haji
problem solved maybe they'll build on it
and say she has to learn to contain it
or some crap I don't know until she
doesn't have to anymore the the the
funniest part was at the very end when
Xavier and Magneto were saying their
goodbyes to each other and Magneto's
like Charles don't you worry for the day
when they will come for you doesn't it
ever wake you up in the middle of the
night the feeling that someday I'll come
for you and your children
that looks like what who all the please
you just killed apocalypse yeah they did
Savior had the right response he's like
I pity anyone who comes knocking on the
door of this school yeah yeah uh yeah go
ahead try the mutant Registration Act
we got the Dark Phoenix go ahead
we killed apocalypse yeah the most
indestructible mutant ever we're here to
serve you a warrant provide professor
very very fool
I loved it I loved watching them fight
apocalypse at the end it was so bad it
was great
it was very comic book II well yeah and
that that's that's why it worked except
for the couple minutes where I think I
nodded off because it was boring I think
the movies too long I may have been in a
in a like a fever dream but I believe
when a Xavier goes into apocalypse his
mind and they're in the dream world of
Xavier mansion I think he says you're in
my house now bitch and he smacks it
doesn't he say something I think welcome
to my house and I start playing that
song by slow ride oh yeah that was a
great thing do my accent have to pull on
all their powers without really doing
the whole stupid we have to work as a
team thing they don't have that speech
already and they just all start doing it
just everybody using their powers they
don't know what they're doing yeah they
just have to stop this guy because he's
really fucking dangerous and he's going
to transfer his consciousness into
Xavier because the only power that he
doesn't possess is getting into every
humans mind on earth and and I think he
wanted to do that I don't know why if it
was my cleanse the earth well if it was
if it was to like mind control everyone
to like like walk into the ocean and
kill themselves or to like like worship
Him like I'm just going to control
everyone's mind and make them worship me
like God that would've been like
understandable or yeah simple yeah no he
seemed to just want to kill everybody
yeah let's go to war
forget everything you think you know
and when Cyclops got loose pocalypse
melded him into a wall and then he's
like I can't take glasses off and it
looked like everyone was losing and then
Xavier gets the upper hand beast breaks
him out of the wall and he took rips his
glasses off is him a magneto or teaming
up and they're fighting them uh it was
so bad there is that awesome scene when
um Quicksilver comes out of nowhere and
starts kicking apocalypses ass yeah so
awesome and I'm like Keith this is gonna
last her too long than apocalypse is
like I figured you out
yeah breaks his leg now apocalypse
really would have just went dusts chair
but that's Evan Evan Peters well he's
the fan favorite because he's great in
these movies I've been Peters is is
great and everything he's in what else
is he been in uh well he's in all the
seasons of American Horror Story that's
right he spent in lots of stuff he was
actually Michael Scott's nephew on the
office of his very early performances
remember when Michael Scott publicly
spanks him oh that was him okay he's
like all over the place but American
Horror Story hotel or Lady gaga
he plays the ghost of the 1930 serial
killer okay it's a it's a it's a tape on
HH Holmes Jerry yeah you know who that
is
oh yeah he does this great like ah look
yeah I'm HH Holmes and then might I
suggest that when you murder him you do
so off the property and to be damned
awkward to keep running into him for all
eternity there's the fun sequence which
also totally doesn't match anything else
in the movie that's what I want to
mention that's the the ultimate clash of
tones is the Quicksilver scene in a way
that is so bizarre that it worked for me
because this is you've seen the movie or
time when of course the scene where he
comes to save all the all the people at
the mansion because the mansion is in
mid explosion the whole place is being
leveled this would be the dramatic low
point for our heroes
in story structure this is their low
point but they turn it into this wacky
fun sequence set to the earth mix where
he's goofing around and saving everybody
and it's so bizarre well yeah that's
from its own is so fucked up when why
again was Moira MacTaggert in the whole
movie I don't know
Moira MacTaggert more like Moira
MacTaggert just foolin him today
you just follow them puns I know Brian
singer was excited to work with James
McAvoy why do you say that well he
originally thought his last name was
James McAvoy and and he's like hey we
got a lot in common yet ooo sorry it was
nice to see Michael Fassbender who we
will if you've seen the movie shame he
is known as Michael Fassbender over
overall I enjoyed watching it and it and
it achieved such level of schlock when I
saw it had a 48% Rotten Tomatoes score
I either thought I'm gonna love this or
it's going to be a miserable Man of
Steel esque experience I I was worried
that it would fall more on the Man of
Steel side because you see the trailer
you see the the cities being torn apart
and as a go/no yeah but there and the
idea that it was like a villain of the
week type movie which the x-men movies
have up until this point basically
avoided so I was worried about those
things and those are the things that are
the weakest parts of the movie for me
yeah basically everything with
apocalypse fell flat for me except for
Oscar eyes it's actual performance um
but like the best of the x-men movies
has good character stuff I like
Nightcrawler a lot in this I thought he
was good running around in a Michael
Jackson thriller jacket for half the
movie that was fun the the Jebat x-men 3
was was good in a scene that exists
solely to have a jab at x-men 3 it's
like one shot you see the Billboard says
return the Jedi pans down they're
talking about series and they're like
well we could all agree the third one's
always the worst and then they look
right at the camera and then they
superimpose an image of Brett Ratner
yeah I thought that was a little too
much but well they pan by and Brett ran
just like sleeping on the street with
like a spa that would have been great
actually he would have that shoppings
does not need to be in the movie at all
it doesn't it doesn't serve any sort of
narrative purpose other than to take a
jab at x-men three oh yeah
there's Bryan Singer showing off I'm
sure he he's got the like there oh you
know thing going on after that's what
makes this movie so unintentionally
funny because what he thinks he's making
a serious movie yeah that that's what
makes it work is is much like x-men
origins Wolverine you know you you try
and and I like that's why I enjoyed this
more than civil war because war was just
like I like the this the fight sequence
in the airport I thought that was fun
comic-book schlock but then the rest of
it was just like everyone hates each
other wants to punch each other and this
is I thought the dramatic elements like
I've said before Civil War I think is a
much better movie but this was more
entertaining because of how silly and
weird at god I like James McAvoy and
Michael Fassbender together of course
their chemistry is great I wish they
were in the movie more they're in it for
I don't know a couple minutes and that's
kind of it that's always been the
strongest stuff in any of these movies
whether it's them or whether it saw
those two old guys oh yeah Ian McKellen
and Patrick Stewart is that their names
and they have anything else they've put
in some things offhand I can't recall
WOD okay some kind of like bigger sci-fi
series or series of films Oh sci-fi uh
Patrick Stewart was in life force yes
Mario is possessed by the spirit of a
space vampire what lady and then he
kissed a dude yes that's what that's
what you're talking about okay
so Mike would you recommend x-men
Apocalypto I would absolutely recommend
it I loved it so much and Bryan Singer
hit a home run
accidentally for the most part lease for
me only I was gonna say yeah you're
talking about it from a very specific
point of view if you were to look at
this from like a general audience that
wants to see like a good action
comic-book movie like it's harder to
recommend this I think why I don't know
you get your money's worth
it's two and a half hours long it's too
long that's my biggest problem but it
doesn't feel like it feels like all the
characters were given their their
appropriate amount of time I think I
think it didn't feel two and a half
hours long and in the beginning it did a
little because they were really taking
their time and they're really setting
things up I think if it was cut shorter
it would have felt more rush to know
about like who's this character that was
jumbled in there but it was because it
took so long to do everything all the
characters that are in this movie didn't
feel like jammed in or shoved in there
yeah yeah everybody's given the right
amount of time and I thought there was
maybe a little too much time spent on
exposition of Apocalypse yes because
that scene in the office with Rose Byrne
it was normally a good actress and I
thought she was terrible in this movie
but she's explaining the whole
apocalypse thing and it just kind of
keeps going well though the beginning to
when they're doing the ceremony
yeah that went on too long but what
about you
does anything yet about this I as far as
if I would recommend it or no um I would
kind of kind of with an asterisk kind of
like what you're saying where it's flock
and you kind of have to go in if you
want to see a solid follow up today's a
Future past because I was a solid movie
good movie this isn't really that this
is it sort of devolves into schlock so
people that want to see a good movie
might be disappointed I want to see a
good solid series x-men movie might be
disappointed
it falls on its face just enough to look
at entertaining that should be there
that should be on the poster yeah like
20 percent 20 percent fall down ratio
and that's that's that's what I want and
Oscar Isaac is great in it I feel bad
for him getting those giant checks now
he's caught up in the Hollywood machine
it's such a Hollywood X machinima I was
seeing that Oscar Isaac Oscar Isaac gave
such great performances in many many
films but now he's he's a schlock cloud
Amerind oh my god what a performance
well Oscar Isaac ain't Poe no more oh
he's making those hollywood that was a
classic a carton was bound to do one
eventually I guess that was real good
only took six years that was real good
I'm real proud of you well thank you for
watching
