Nov 17, 2016
Shut In and Arrival
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=da3aIQOhOFY
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/799435464658669568
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154094685972634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-shut-in-and-arrival

Half in the bag.
Fuck movies.
ah ha oh my
god what time is it where's my beer
where is my beer aware of what what what
what the fuck J wake up there's an
emergency I can't reach my beer what the
fuck well well well
last time I saw you two you were
drinking beers while I was piling up
VCRs to be fixed wow we must have passed
out passed out how could that be I only
drank one beer my record for blacking
out is drinking a hundred and sixteen
thousand beers oh is at that time when
your bladder bursts and we had to put it
back together with duct tape no sadly
that was a different time
it was when I was giving the
commencement speech at Harvard my speech
was titled when it rains it pours
oh how ironic you morons it's because I
drug you I'm not stupid I know you've
both been conning me for years well not
this time now you're stuck you're not
going anywhere until you fix these VCRs
so I can watch my nightcore tape I've
been waiting since 20 2012 10 well Mike
it looks like we may finally have to
tell mr. blanket about DVDs blu-rays
netflix amazon streaming cellphone well
sadly J this time I think you might be
wrong my life yeah that's right I
switched it up at the end yeah don't
worry mr. blinken you just wait right
there me and J are going to fix at least
one of these VCRs so you can finally
watch your fucking night court tape you
piece of shit
what kind of crazy plan do you have this
time well good because I'm wearing three
super absorbent adult diapers and I'm
standing right here until one of those
VCRs is fixed oh dang I think we're
about to talk about two new movies it's
not my son it's just a body that I feed
and wash and clothe
well Mike who would have thought that
going from a room to a whole house would
have been such a step down for Jacob
Tremblay that's right Jay our first film
is called shuttin which was changed from
its original french-canadian title of
the most boringest film ever made it
doesn't translate as well so that in the
US release they're like well yeah let's
just call shuttin this is called
something that nobody will ever remember
and we can write off on her taxes next
year hi Mary hi dr. Wilson
how's it even dealing same as last week
a week before is it possible for a film
to fail on every level yes apparently it
is from the director of such hit films
as hammer of the gods and and the writer
of such hit films as Naomi Watts travels
to Quebec for a free vacation to ski do
some light shopping and then
occasionally phone in a performance in
some shitty horror film she plays a
psychologist taking care of her 18 year
old invalid son but also thinks a deaf
boy is hiding in her closet
what a story well Jay what did you think
of Naomi Watts non vacation footage oh
uh well I mean this movie sucked so we
can say that right off the bat we should
explain why we saw it I don't even know
this movie existed I didn't see any
advertising for it anywhere why did you
did okay I had never even heard of it
until I was looking at you know some
movie website about the movies that came
out over the weekend I was like what the
fuck is this one that's bombing oh my
god zero percent and that's a zero
percent you know you got to take
advantage of them when they come out
even that talking cat movie with Kevin
Spacey didn't get a zero person doom
wait a minute I'm a cat yeah me wat
stills what she can in this she delivers
a perfectly good adequate performance
she you know true professional yeah uh I
was actually thinking of there when one
of the best the worst movies we watched
I didn't remember what it was but
there's a part where some some girl got
naked and Jack was like oh no not for
this movie I was thinking that there's a
part in this movie where Naomi Watts is
like drugged she's tied up in a tub and
she gets out she and she's like vomits
up the drugs into the toilet and so we
have naked Naomi Watts hunched over a
toilet vomiting up drugs and is like no
Naomi Watts not for this movie no no
it's much worse than that J she fellate
s-- a bottle of shampoo yes right in
order to pour the liquid down her throat
in order to spit it onto her her
restraints yes at to grease up her hand
to get her hand out and then uses the
shampoo to gag herself yeah but she
could vomit up drugs after first
flopping out of the bathtub like a fish
yeah although it's very possible that
was a body double because her hair is
all stranded in her face that's Gemma
Watson's like I'm doing that now for
there's got a body dog here you're not
David Lynch ever what hair on her face
yeah so let's talk about the movie then
the the story of the movie as he said
invalids steps on for reasons that
aren't really explained it doesn't
matter ultimately if it's a real son or
her stepson it I thought that was gonna
have some sort of relevance towards
something and it doesn't it could very
well be your son it makes no difference
on the story it played by the older
brother from stranger things Jonathan
Jonathan buyers from stranger things
given one of the worst performances ever
in the opening scene of this movie him
his dad or arguing in a car and he's
just like screaming and every line he
says sounds exactly the same
and I even leaned over to you and I was
like he's just terrible
and then they get into an accident
supposedly he's a seasoned invalid then
he's brain damaged and he just kind of
does his best Stephen Hawking impression
more of a Christopher Reeve okay and I
was thinking I was like okay zero
percent on Rotten Tomatoes what's the
worst thing they could do story wise
and that's what they did well we'll say
spoilers from here on out there are two
reasons to watch this movie one is if
you want to continue from this point on
in the review and you want to kind of
have a frame of reference ah
oh wait that's it because you it's not
funny bad no I I was expecting something
a little more from a zero percent err it
kind of gets funny towards the end
because the revelation is the son is not
actually brain damaged he's just
pretending to because he likes the
attention from his stepmother
he likes that she is taking care of him
and will dig it she's like a child
psychologist and she's a treating Jacob
Tremblay he doesn't say a word dialogue
in the whole movie because he's deaf
because yeah he's deaf um do you have a
can amia ward nominated actor who was in
the room it's really bizarre
and so yeah I was on the same page with
you the strange of things kid was you
know he had a one line of dialogue in
the beginning of the movie and then he's
invalid the RET I'm like he's he can't
be in England the whole movie yeah I
knew it wasn't gonna be invalid but I
was I was shocked at his motivation and
how stupid it was yeah
because basically Naomi Watts is
starting to give attention to Jacob
Tremblay
yeah the Naomi Watts is like treating
him like because he's deaf I don't know
what that matters but he's deaf and he
needs some kind of help from a
psychologist and then this lady comes in
I mean everyone in this movie is a
fucking terrible actor Sammy we won't
separate Naomi Watts but this lady comes
in oh he can't stay and come to you
anymore the state is going to take him
and they can afford to pay for these
services he's going into like a group
home for deaf kids we have no money go
now and then and then they take him away
somewhere the French accent trying to
sound American there's a running theme
throughout the movie but yes so the
little deaf kid is told he can't he
can't be treated by Naomi Watts anymore
and he has to go somewhere but then in
the middle of the night for jump-scare
purposes we hear rustling around in her
barn she goes outside
and then oh my god it's a raccoon
jump-scare and then then she hears more
rustling and then decides to down nine
one one because that couldn't also be a
raccoon but then Jacob Tremblay breaks
into her car in her garage just sleep
inside of it yes how the fuck he got
there no idea and then so the point is
is that uh he runs away well no she
takes him in to care for him and then he
well he doesn't run away he vanishes she
assumes he runs away and then we spend
the next hour of the movie with Naomi
Watts walking around her house at night
and occasionally she has a dream
sequence that is the only way we're
supposed to know we're supposed to be
scared mm-hmm and I was thinking about
that during that hour stretch of the
movie because there's nothing happening
and the kids invalid something might be
up with him we don't know and then the
only other threat is that there may be a
small boy somewhere in her house so I
was like what are we supposed to be
scared of here it's just Naomi Watts
walking around her house does this count
as the new hot horror genre person in
the walls technically it is oh yeah this
is like the third movie this year to end
up at beat above someone living in the
walls where it's it's a I'm gonna call
it a paranormal fake out okay where we
think activity is is of a supernatural
or paranormal origin and it turns out to
be completely normal but crazy person
yes
ie the boy a terrible film i watch
called within this one does that but
there's hardly anything even that's
meant to be supernatural
it's just Naomi Watts walking around and
hearing a noise nothing moves nothing
goes missing there's just noises
oh my god do you hear that it must be a
ghost
I better Skype with Oliver Platt hi Mary
hi dr. wells we thought about all her
plant I guess the day that they shot
with him Vincent D'Onofrio must not have
been available to play Skype exposition
man cool all I kept thinking while
watching this film is there's a bunch of
great memes in it with Oliver Platt
yeah remember when when he realizes the
big plot twist that oh boy is not in a
crippled wheelchair yeah he gets up and
then he goes oh and it's amazing and
then there's there he doesn't even cover
his mouth I think it's just like oh yeah
it's it's amazing
now there's one line where he says
what's what's her name and Naomi Watts
family wants us to missile some getting
tired of saying it Naomi we'll just say
name color wats what's where it goes
what's benzodiazepines are not to be
messed around with he says it was just
such like awkwardness yeah shouting like
very unprofessional and on medical like
he just yells it well so many of his
scenes are just Tim behind a desk and
it's like a one wall set I just have the
camera plopped down with him in the
middle of the frame so he probably
didn't even know what he was supposed to
be doing I would be surprised
another laughs outline for me was watts
runs into a shit watts as a patient of
hers like an angsty teenage boy as well
and then his father makes pass etre and
then eventually they have a nice little
dinner scene she invites him over for
dinner and then he's talking about what
school the kid goes to and then she goes
principal Hastings he's the worst and I
just laughed out one I mean these are
these are I already work around the
clock moments I already
around the clock I need gifts of oliver
platt reacting to things you know when
they announced the NFL draft picks you
know things like principal Hastings he's
the worst
she said it that line with such contempt
for the director and the writer of the
film it was perfect and you know what a
good reaction initially people always if
someone says something Dom on Twitter
and someone posted like a reaction gift
just uh Jonathan Byers just in his chair
going
authorities have stated the missing
child could not have survived the severe
drop in temperatures but a big a big
problem with the movie right one it was
only 90 minutes and it felt like four
hours yeah this unless it was because an
hour of it is just the only watts of
walking around a house it was so
miserable all of that stuff where Naomi
Watts is walking around the house and
hearing noises and all those attempts at
jump scares and setting the mood or
whatever the hell they were trying to do
yeah you could have cut down by 65
percent and beefed up the priests story
with the Sun now because there is no to
maybe make us care yeah uh yeah cuz
there is no there's no zero
establishment of what the Sun felt prior
to the accident other than I'm angsty
and I'm mad is it he's just Yellin like
Anakin Skywalker in Episode two yeah in
that car he's just angsty boy but then
all of a sudden he's like Norman Bates
yeah just out of nowhere after the
accident it's because of the accident
she took care of him and so that now he
loves her I guess and then there's so
little to even draw from as far as the
scares go that they just keep having
these fake out nightmare sequences to
make up for the fact that there's
nothing that's even supposed to be a
threat the thing is I was thinking about
this when I watched the movie within
which was a red box pic and this movie
felt like it should be in red box or
worse not not a major theatrical release
that it somehow was for some reason
shocking shocking it must have been a
case of they must have said like yeah we
don't have to make prints anymore we
just have to shoot a digital copy out
the theaters maybe we could make some
money in the first six hours of the
movies out for a word of mouth gets out
we just get it that must have been a
because it was like the most it looked
like a TV movie of the week or worse it
looked like a terrible straight to red
box movie that that should have been
nowhere near a theatrical release and it
made me a little a little sad because
I'm sitting in this theater in these
very comfortable seats this is very
large auditorium there's like six people
in there and I'm watching something that
like is the equivalent of dog food to an
actual dinner yeah you know what I mean
and I'm like why aren't other movies in
the theater I don't know what to just
what to say yeah I mean it's just a
feeling like Netflix releasing all
they're making original movies and I
mean theaters are done yeah and this is
a it was a good $15 $20 a ticket in
major cities like New York or LA
probably like who the fuck is going to
come back after being tricked it's a
trick hmm here's what I think happened
because I wrote a list of horror movies
that came out in the last two years and
and the trend that I see someone's in a
wall or someone's in a house kind of
horror movies
the the the the horror movies are not
slashers anymore that john was over yeah
it was revived in 1997 then it died then
a paranormal activity brought back the
ghost shit with with found footage and
and stuff conjuring still around the
some scary stuff still around but now
horror movies are about people in a
house let's give it one of those
simplistic titles like it follows or
within a shut-in
shut-in yes so the marketing the
marketing nightmare is alive and well
these are all about houses okay shut-in
within your next don't breathe we are
still here the other side of the door
it follows lights out house bound it
follows isn't really about a house shut
up
there's a house in it there's a house in
almost every movie now one word creepy
titles I was think about this movie that
we just saw called
shut-in yeah if this was Alfred
Hitchcock days it would be called lonely
on a cold winter's eve that's shut-in
there's there's a movie on Netflix right
now it was like a Netflix exclusive it's
directed by Anthony Perkins son speaking
of Hitchcock and it all takes place in a
house it's a supernatural movie the
whole thing takes place in a house but
you know what the title is house no the
title is I am the pretty thing that
lives in the house it's the exact
opposite of that okay it's pretty close
I really liked it I can't recommend it
to anybody because it's boring as fuck
but now let's talk about other movies
with one-word titles creep clown decay
ominous forsaken apparition restoration
the boy the witch the forest the hoarder
the invitation the darkness the invoking
so well we should point out this isn't
what you're talking about isn't
necessarily the quality of each
individual movie just the trend trend
yeah cuz I say the witch is a great
movie but right and I'm I'm being
humorous when I say they all take place
in a house point is the simpler the less
stylized then the simpler title yeah the
more effective it will be in your
marketing campaign I want to make a
horror movie that takes place in a house
and it's called the the inside their own
done signed on that's perfect let's go
the trailer really vague so people say
ooh what's what's happening here and
then they watch the movie and it turns
out that nothing happens no no here's
the trailer like a dark hallway a light
bulb goes on yeah camera dollies past
the door
door closes someone goes show a house
the inside block text yeah that's it
turns out someone's living in the wall
watch oh my god
and boom 48 million dollars from a 1.2
million dollar budget and and and it's
not even teenagers anymore like they're
going that going to the creepy house now
it's some kind of like um you know it's
a lady and her son cheer and the
neighbor knocks on the door the red
herring
his name's red herring hi my name's mr.
herring red do you your boy need any
help with any yard work
no mr. herring we're fine okay that mr.
herring is always staring at us from
from from the yard
he's just looking in our windows all the
time a night cut the nighttime sleeping
maybe throw in a dream sequence of you
guys are dreams to go off someone's in
your room it's mr. hare go I woke up
yeah next night Oh boring scenes where
you go take the kids school to me
nothing next night sounds get up
nothing's there next night next day got
to go to school with the kid right mr.
herring is is he's the cross guard I
Johnny it's me mr. herring a dream
sequence at night about more intense one
slightly more intimate up the ante a
little bit so it gives us the illusion
that something's happening in the movie
right yes sure so next scene next night
mom's awake with a glass of wine kids in
bed cheers noises upstairs runs upstairs
opens the door kids sleep just fine
shadow goes behind her front door open
oh my god the front door is open someone
was in the house run outside I have had
enough of this knock on the door mr.
herrings house some lady opens the way
what do you weigh I'm looking for red
herring use just in my fucking house
that's out of town
absolutists a alternately you have she
goes over there and she finds that he's
dead and that's when you start up in the
anti sure sure we have options I guess
it depends on what point of the movie
we're at a little point or we is this
the end of the third day this sounds
like the third X Reds death this is
approximately sixty five minutes into
the movie red red has gone to the
hospital he had a heart attack
shy okay he's in the hospital um cuz
maybe he'll come back at the end in
safety day okay why not um he he went
into the hospital two days ago with a
massive heart attack and she goes to the
hospital and she's staring at him and
then you know maybe something that's
creepy happens I don't know but then she
goes home something in the parking lot
of the the hospital parking lot that's
good some parking lots creepy the lights
are flickering and fluorescent lights
and she thinks she sees someone behind a
car and she goes and looks behind the
car there's no one there to to UM to to
continue with the the paranormal message
or the paranormal ruse of the film and
then she gets home and she discovers her
trunk was a boy in the walls jumped in
the truck went with it of the hospital
scare in the parking lot okay
then of course in the end boy in the
wall there's a boy in the wall a man in
the wall dug in some dumb backstory the
no J let's spice it up like really shake
up this this this film series old lady
in the wall why is the old owner of the
house maybe she didn't want to move out
the grandpa died an old lady didn't want
to move out so she's in the walls with
grandpa's bones there you go
well that could okay maybe early on can
be when they fold the bones fall out of
the wall she's having worked on the
house and that's grandma's motivation to
start doing these evil things yes you
you destroyed my husband's bones yes she
was alright just living in the walls
eating mice and right you know but she
looks all nasty and scary and and in the
end you got a head old old grandma McGee
in the head with cast-iron frying
which knocks her out temporarily even
though she's 86 she gets back on because
she kills red herring okay when he sucks
everything alright I just got back from
the bath is the Scatman Crothers scene
from the shining ring walks in just
immediately gets an ax in the jaw right
right alright so right there but we just
shout out there's a movie that's
infinitely more entertaining then shut
in and it's a slap together POS that we
just shut out and that's how you do it
and what's the name of the inside the
inside the inside coming soon the inside
something is going on and it's not just
in my head I can prove it
you'll have to believe me
real
so Mike would you recommend no I would
have been more happy watching a movie
about Naomi Watts just redecorating your
house paint painting the walls I'm going
to do this color as a base so this is
the accent wall it's going to be this
color
watch as I paint yeah paints the walls
and then you know for 45 minutes we
literally watch the paint dry and I
would have been more mesmerised and
intrigued by that is there someone
living behind that painted wall that
would be the tension drive in that film
particular is there is there other isn't
and credits they would know just go I
know like color
on to our next film there are days that
define your story beyond your life
like the day they arrived Amy McCrae
Chell McAdams plays a language expert
who is called upon by the US government
to talk to aliens her mission is simple
see what they want jeremy renner shows
up to play a super smart scientist man
to help out finally it's the Marvel DC
crossover film we've been waiting for oh
wait that already happened Mike what did
you think of arrival well Jay I thought
this movie sucked
I thought it sucked so bad - never got
to fight the aliens the aliens never
blow anything up no um I love this movie
I thought it was excellent
of course it's like that sci-fi movie
I've always wanted to see and I think
it's good the closest thing to something
that I'll ever get in my lifetime
probably um to where it's it's more I
mean there's there's a lot of emotional
elements to it so it's not just like a
pure like boring science fiction movie
but the emotion elements are handled in
a way that feel genuinely emotional and
knots like manipulative and saccharine
right I was thinking of interstellar and
like the ending of interstellar when
everything's big emotional II overblown
and interstellar came to mind and so did
contact the Jodie Foster movie and
interstellar was like like um I don't
know what's happening but I like the
science stuff like it was neat like
certain things that happened in there
and interstellar your time interstellar
though the low gravity planet with the
weird like super high waves and the
black hole and all like spacey stuff
this didn't have any of that was all on
earth but um in this field this movie
feels more tight story-wise
it feels I feel like like a Christopher
Nolan is sort of a big picture guy and
he just makes these big movies and he's
sort of a sloppy filmmaker yeah I'm
there any denis villeneuve i feel is
more in line with like a David Fincher
where he's very precise and very like
every shot you feel like he was like
carefully thought about right yeah this
felt very even though the scale of the
story was large it felt very small and
personal
mainly because it's it's very focused
through Amy Adams perspective oh yeah it
doesn't do the the I mean they're the
only times you see the outside world are
more or less through the lens of her or
her little world right there they don't
do the you know here comes the ships
they're landing and you know all the
people like a look up in the street
never old cars are crashing into each
other and we don't even really get a
good view of the ship until she does
when they're fighting with a helicopter
there's like little glimpses of it on
the news early on but the first time we
get like a grand shot of it is when her
her helicopter is coming in and she's
seen it for the first time there's that
wonderful first scene where you know she
gets up she goes to school her job as a
professor linguistics professor or
something and she's walking past all the
students and like the lobby Union area
and they're all like watch it glued to
the TV something's going on she goes in
the classroom there's four students in
there our phones are all blown out then
their phones start blowing up and
they're like can you turn on the TV
shows the TV doesn't show it yeah shows
her looking at it and then and then
signal loved it it feels appropriate for
the material and that's I see things
like on YouTube I've seen like all these
videos popping up that are like the
ending explained and like like as if
it's some complicated thing yeah it's
like it's not difficult to figure out at
least on a literal story level it right
of me having a very good episode of Star
Trek where it's like you have these
aliens here we're trying to figure out
what they want and and we're doing it
logically we're doing it logically and
that and that was the best part was I
mean they're there it doesn't it doesn't
go into that too much but it's a movie
with aliens but it's a movie that's more
about humanity and how humanity deals
with problems because it's a movie about
problem-solving and and Amy through
communication through communication
specifically yeah Amy Adams and Jeremy
Renner's like a physicist or something
he's there for other reasons but her and
him worked together on solving the
problem of communicating and it's like
they have 12 ships 12 that come to earth
and they just land Rand
like the one in the US lands in Montana
to Atlanta like the lawn of the White
House or anything it just lands in
Montana one lands over here or there and
they have all the different nations that
are kind of like working with these
aliens and every I think 18 hours
something like that they they just
appear in this room and they're this
like big squids we're here to do
something and they're like okay we have
to try and talk to you and then the
logical countries well you know are just
doing the math in the science and
they're trying dudes very slowly but
then you got like China and Russia and
Iran and they're all like getting all
militarized and we're going to get below
them up here yeah and then they cut to a
couple like the kooky conspiracy guys it
was riling people a lot of people are
rioting we should bomb him right away
and you know the very realistic the
depiction of the world is the fiction of
the way that humanity would respond yeah
you know ones making quips there's no
dumb Joe there's no dumb jokes and
that's all the stuff that I just
completely savored yeah was the only
thing that came close somewhat close to
a villain was the CIA guy and and even
in the end he was just like a ok you
know I'm the CIA guy weird we're done
he's and I would be we're gonna bomb
like the only one I mean the the grunts
the soldiers make an attempt to blow the
aliens on but that felt realistic yeah
they'd only go against orders to do it
right yeah yeah yeah they are like
they're getting riled up by Fox News
Russia that Rush Limbaugh they show Rush
Limbaugh talking about work lotta
broglie's early on top before they blow
us up first and they're like that's
right when they saw an accents
immediately davin yeah we have redneck
accents Jay because see what you're
talking about is the roland emmerich
version of this move no the one did I
don't think I notice that then just a
little bit yeah the rednecky accent
which means ignorant translates on film
to ignorant no it was subtle enough or I
don't think I even noticed it was subtle
enough but it was there and then and so
they're you know worried or xenophobic
or scared and then let's blow them up
before they blow us up first and and
really like that's a lot of the movie it
wasn't like interstellar
where it ends in like Matthew
McConaughey's ghost is in a house of
mirrors and and then that that's this is
humanity angle well in interstellar it
feels like there's a clash between the
kind of harder sci-fi elements and thus
multi emotional stuff here seamless it
all blends and it all feels like a part
of a whole although I did like
interstellar a lot but like you said
bombastic out of control is this is this
movie is scene after scene of them going
into the alien ship and like writing on
whiteboards yeah it's very methodical in
the way and which is how it would be I'm
assuming trying to you know communicate
with something that is literally alien
to us yeah there's a process that they
go through and then it and then it ramps
up and you know tensions start to build
and then you realize that like we have
evolved to learn and then it's like a
look overlooking a hippie dippie World
Peace movie at the end which I was okay
with and I enjoyed that it's about
communication and essentially when you
boil it all down because the big ending
is her making a phone call that's the
exciting action clients the exciting
action climax is her saying something in
a different language to someone that
understands it yeah and understands the
the meaning of it and then that kind of
like that's the point it's not it's not
Randy Quaid in in a jet drunkenly flying
into a laser beam
it's about words and communication and I
and that to me was pretty solid sci-fi
not everyone is wired for what you're
about to do so why they look like you'll
see soon enough every 18 hours but all
opens up that's where we go in
oh yeah a sci-fi film with a lot of
science elements in it's good characters
greatly performance I thought Amy Adams
was great of course I'm a runner a
little flat but Jeremy Jeremy Renner is
the blue-collar man's working actor yeah
he's just coming to be in movies I'm
Jeremy Renner and not that not that this
is a big special effects extravaganza
but the effects were seamless I thought
like I really loved when they first go
on the ship and we're seeing them kind
of getting re oriented to the difference
gravitational pole I thought that was
handled really well disorienting like
you feel disoriented along with them
Letta that felt 2001 yeah like that
tunnel they go through and all that and
the look of the aliens themselves sorry
I thought were great you know I'm like
what are these aliens going to look like
and then they were they're kind of like
like weird tentacle ish creatures and
I'm like okay yeah as long as it did
something interesting with them and that
so many aliens just like humanoid so it
was nice to see them that feels
legitimately alien aliens yeah weren't
very memorable but they didn't need to
be no there weren't really the point
yeah they weren't showing off their
design or anything and and that's what I
liked about it everything um felt
seamless and everything blended together
the look of the ships was appropriate
theme Attica Lee so many circles in this
movie literal circles and metaphorical
circles narrative circles
it just means time is a loop dad I did
like though when the alien crafts
started to take off then they turned
yeah and they totally look like the
Independence Day ships I didn't even
think of that I really thought that that
was a like a big if so that's a much
more subtler way of doing that than in
the first x-files movie where David
Duchovny is literally pissing on an
Independence Day poster out of all the
many many many things David Duchovny has
done with his penis that's when I really
approve of and I like schlock don't get
me wrong I love second Independence Day
I like that better than the first one
and I don't like better than a rival but
you know I I and I'm a man who can enjoy
schlock
I'm very much forward looking forward to
Logan because I like small little little
story but I also enjoyed Apocalypse Now
or whatever was called x-men apocalypse
now and I enjoyed that because it was a
big dumb schlock moving it so I have my
tastes are all over the place but I do
appreciate a high quality slow-moving
sci-fi film where people solve problems
with math and science it's their
language we need to make sure that they
understand the difference between a
weapon and a tool language is messy and
sometimes one can be boss and so I
applaud arrival I applaud Villanova :
wave on Danny Villeneuve cuz we should
talk about as other two films real quick
enemy well we've talked about enemy on
half in the bag
I liked enemy more than this as much as
I liked arrival um I'm assuming you
probably like this more just because
it's more sci-fi uh they're very
different they're very different enemy
is more my type of movie yeah enemies
more like like kind of like what like
really engaging and this is engaging too
but in a different way sir and prisoners
was good Luigi I still haven't seen
prisoners I saw his last film Sicario
and it's great it's a great movie but
it's just it's about a subject matter
that didn't interest me terribly much
it's about the drug cartel it's again
but it's a very good movie um I like a
rival an enemy more so yeah he bounces
around genres pretty well he's in he's
one of the best filmmakers working right
now I think and now he's doing the new
Blade Runner which I'm not a big fan of
later on her but I like him yeah we'll
see he's a good candidate for that yeah
you're gonna do it
he's a genre bending genre jumping man
got psychological horror sci-fi crime
thriller and drug cartel action crime
the only thing he needs to do is a
horror film and then a comedy Mike and
Dave need wedding dates too directed by
Denis Villeneuve no it'd be called Mike
and Dave need new wedding dates Oh a No
the two girls in that were the popular
part right yeah they were like the they
stole all the scenes or something I
guess see it but that's what I've heard
so it'd be those two characters need
wedding dates oh it's a switch it's a
switch you eject Efron and the kid from
Modern Family
Aubrey and Anna need wedding dates what
I would have denis villeneuve still like
films it like he films other movies so
it's all like over undersaturated and
like
sickly-looking it cuts to the wedding
and they both bring giant spiders that
was an enemy joke see enemy if you have
not well you don't need to see it now
that looks like he's still asleep Jay
have we ever tried just robbing him of
all of his money of course we have the
problem is he gets monthly checks from
Medicare disability and his pension hmm
I'm not following you it's the
difference between this and this oh I
got it it makes total sense now so the
only way to ensure that we get his money
is sorry Horgan's what I'm sorry what
what did you think what did you say I
said power of attorney oh I don't know
what that is but I said sell his organs
it doesn't make anywhere near as much
sense as power of attorney well can I at
least have his bladder
