Jan 25, 2016
The Revenant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwJTnUkyvVg
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/691790037797699584
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153382478642634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-revenant

Half in the bag.
I stood on my scale yesterday, and it said one at a time, please.
oh oh it's so cold in here it's
fucking freezing I wish we could see our
own breath it's so cold our breath
doesn't show it's too cold to demons a
scientific thing it becomes whatever
whatever oh it's fucking cold huh oh
what's this hey they're not opened oh
great no not really in a rush anymore
yeah got these well we just watched the
film recently the hateful eight about a
group of people in the freezing cold who
are miserable and kill each other huh
let's watch another movie with the same
plot line out here in the wild when you
don't fit in life can be a real bear
especially for nor what good is a bear
if he can't even on huh why did you take
a picture it'll last longer
no the revenant is the new Alejandro
Inarritu film he's the guy who made last
year's Best Picture film Birdman in this
new movie Leonardo DiCaprio plays Hugh
glass in 1820s era fur trapper who gets
raped by a bear buried alive and then
vows revenge on Shinzon who is played by
Tom Hardy this film is the latest entry
into the human misery genre so grab a
date get your popcorn settle in to watch
a horse get disemboweled well Jay what
did you think of the revenant and if you
don't know what the word revenant means
I didn't know either I looked it up on
that or not it means someone who comes
back or comes back from the dead yes uh
well we just saw it very recently and
I'm not sure how I feel about it it's
I'm trying to process it because it's
it's a great movie it's incredibly well
made it's very impressive
I as we discovered and I think one of
the big things people are talking about
it's all natural lights there's only a
couple hours out of the day they could
shoot it all the technical aspects of
the movie are great I'm not sure what I
was supposed to get out of it though
other than look at how great we are at
making movies well Jay I'd like to say
this film was was was a technical
wonderment
the craft of filmmaking is alive and
well with Alejandro Inarritu wonderful
composition the long takes the shot with
all available light they filmed this in
I want to say is like South Dakota and
Montana or something and they filmed in
like sub-zero temperatures and it was
like they had 90 minutes a day to shoot
because I shot a certain time of day
with the light was perfect and then it's
one of those those things where that's
the selling point of the movie and it's
the new boy Lee it's the new boyhood
until 12 years to make this they shot in
bad-tempered
shut negative 12 degrees yeah while it
was technically flawless we felt I think
you and I both felt the same way that
was a little like what exactly are we
supposed to get from this yeah you know
I was intrigued by this movie because
it's like based on true events and it
was funny because in the trailers before
this movie they have a preview for the
conjuring - also based on Dhruva based
on the secret Case Files of edible
Raymond I know all about Ed lorraine
warren the the most thing that ever
happened to them was like a table moved
an inch the name of Jesus Christ I
command you to reveal your identity and
this is like insane shit going on the
screen nothing's based that whenever
it's is based on we've had this
discussion before this is based on a
true story I want to puke all over it
and so I'm like I had no idea what this
was about like unless it's true story
this guy this bear attack and he's left
for dead by is you know the the main
character Hugh glass Hugh Jass his name
is Hugh Jass Oh Hugh Jass Hugh glass was
indeed a frontiersman okay that's all
they know about him oh so that's where
the true story ends they discovered he
wrote some letters so he was literate he
was a frontiersman guy who went around
and got pelts and he got attacked by a
bear there was a mother bear and two
Cubs and he's like ah fuck and then his
friends came and shot the bear this is
the realist is the real story and then
he's like oh fuck and then they say what
happened was true the two guys stayed
behind the rest of them went ahead and
they're like uh you know they're getting
further and further ahead of us he looks
like he's dead they'll put him in the
dirt and then and that's where the real
story kind of ends and legend begins
okay
and so it's like he crawled 80 miles to
get them and I crawled 100 miles and he
crawled 500 miles and then it becomes
like a tall tale almost sure and he did
not have a Native American wife as far
as they know he did not have a son like
all that was dramatized and same with
like the
showdown at the end and all that stuff
basic premise is true took place on
planet earth and there is a guy who was
mauled by a bear left for dead and
crawled out and said I'm not dead
there's some other stuff going on
there's the group of Native Americans
and there's one like tribal chief guy
who's looking for his daughter has been
kidnapped by rapey Frenchman and you
know it's like and then all these
elements that feel like they were put in
the movie so it's not two hours of
Leonardo DiCaprio wandering around in
the woods which it's close to anyway
but in a raw to said I think somewhere
in an interview like he wanted to make a
movie about what drives someone to fight
to live and I guess it's to get revenge
on a guy who stabbed your son there's a
line towards the end of the movie I
guess minor spoilers but he you know he
trudges through the woods after being
mauled by a bear all the shit happens to
him and then he finally gets back and he
says the main thing keeping me alive was
was getting my revenge on Tom Hardy and
at no point during anything with him in
the woods there trying to survive did I
get any idea that that was his
motivation
I always thought his motivation was just
not dying hmm at no point was I thinking
like he is pulling to survive simply so
he can get revenge on Tom Hardy I
disagree slightly I mean I didn't I
wasn't filled with this overwhelming
like rage or whatever but something like
that it's hard to translate on-screen
like other than him looking mad interior
emotions so they have they do have one
part where he writes on the ice with a
like a Chow rock news goes Fitzgerald
killed my son you know and then there's
always like like kind of dream sequences
where he's dreaming about his son or his
wife and can remind me a gladiator
little mmm that's kind of simplistic
story where there's a guy and he's
fucked and they took they burned his
village and killed his wife he's nothing
to live for except to get the bastard
who did it yes so it's weird because it
has that that mesh of that kind of
Hollywood ish plotline with this really
like innovative
interesting film trying to do something
sort of gritty and realistic grounded in
reality but then you have the schmaltzy
I'm dreaming of my dead wife moment yeah
and the showdown with the bad guy like
spoilers you know and and performance
wise everyone is great in the movie
except for Leo Tom Hardy is awesome in
this movie Tom Hardy
he deserves the Supporting Actor ma leo
is nominated leo is leo
in this movie you is one of those actors
that you can understand everything from
his eyes because there's a very few
words that he deliver he has to make you
feel very many complex emotions
simultaneously with his body language
and only with his eyes the big praise
that they're saying is like all the
tough situations he was in he really
eats a fish or whatever like for what
there's a difference between any good
acting performance and a performance
that's physically demanding like it's
impressive what he does in this movie
physically but his face is always just
wrestling it's physically demanding that
you can't see those guys getting Oscars
I'm looking at you Hulk Hogan Oh Cogan
got an Oscar for suburban commando don't
you remember oh shit that's right that
joke doesn't work you know which makes
you the right choice the squeeze it a
bit Wow
I found a good one there's something
about Leo where it's like the wool is
over everyone's eyes where they think
he's this great actor but in this movie
like he just kind of grunts and then he
does that stupid voice leo cannot do an
accent yes I don't to do the southern
voice I'm Leo DiCaprio and this is
probably what what fur traders sounded
black right in the 1820s I'm gonna
sound like I'm out I'm a Hollywood actor
in the movie was playing a fur trader or
as I can tell my place is right here on
the smart end of this rifle and Tom
Hardy he becomes that character you know
it looks like an actor playing that role
Tom Hardy just is that Tom Hardy you
know yeah like what about the six months
worked my ass off locked mute alright
risking my neck wind iron what um
taming all the other actors and everyone
else I mean DOM not and the hall leads
on he's fine you know they were is fine
Tom Hardy says it stands out it he's
really good it reminded me a whole lot
of Black Swan and my other favorite
actor man Black Swan of course an
awesome film and but she just makes a
face like she's constipated the whole
movie
there's no acting in that and the
everyone else is good what's your face
from the 70 show Mila Kunis everyone's
good in that movie and then Natalie
Portman everything Natalie Portman's
brilliant yeah because she's in Black
Swan it's the situation surrounding
situation in the film surrounding the
lead yeah and the the other stars shine
through brighter I think than Leo and
Natalie did in that spin Natalie Portman
we saw trailer for James got a gun got a
gun yeah I predict great things for that
film I predict this 16 percent on Rotten
titles that's my prediction 16 percent
on Rotten Tomatoes mark it down
we'll see how accurate it is write it
down in your journals or notebooks kids
but yeah like Natalie Portman that seems
to be the case with this movie but even
more so with this movie everyone's just
talking about the physically demanding
it is which you know props to Leo for
that I guess but there are certain
elements of that that kind of took me
out of the movie too because I know
Leonardo DiCaprio is vegetarian in real
life maybe even vegan and there's a part
when in the movie when he hasn't eaten
for days and he stumbles across this
Native American man that's got a buffalo
that's you know he's killed and is
eating and Leo wants some and he gives
him like a liver or something and
I read that that was a real organ
whatever it is and he takes a bite in it
he's like oh no any gags and spits it
out which is I'm assuming that kept in
the movie because it's real because it
feels real but in the context of this
character in this environment back in
those days that would not be something
that would physically repulse him if
we're given academy awards for people
that are doing dangerous or gross things
and Johnny Knoxville and the Jackass
guys should have plenty of Awards by now
they drink horse semen I don't really
like the expression all style no
substance but that kind of applies to
this a technical marvel but not much
else going on like there's no sort of
deeper thematic elements that really
stood out to me yeah and there was some
kind of like hints and little notes of
religion in there and you know choosing
the right path of not taking revenge
because in real life the guy did not get
revenge okay
he forgave them for burying him alive as
I think any sound person would like I
related a lot with Tom Hardy's character
I would not have stabbed how much of
that is because of the performance
though like well one he he obviously
lived a miserable life Sharon Behn
domhnall gleeson says you know I like is
it really worth the pelts like we got to
get going yeah is your life worth the
pelt she's like yeah I need money yeah
or else I have nothing and I was like oh
that's kind of miserable
I tell you gonna lose these pelts tried
to hold on to the palace of your life
life what life you talking about I ain't
got no life I just got living the only
way I get to do that Judy's pals yeah
and then he got he got partially scalped
yeah at one point not in his past not in
the movie but he's like scar missing
hair and you just tell he's lived a
miserable fucking life and he's tough
and he doesn't give a shit about anyone
but himself and you kind of have to to
survive in that kind of environment and
he's just like ah and they're they're
carrying around this guy
who's been mauled by a fucking bear and
who and under any reasonable person's
logic probably would have died in 24
hours check he didn't know he was gonna
live and he says look fuck this yeah and
I'm like again he's a little deceptive
about he's the way he goes about doing
things he does it he does a little a
pretty evil trick where it tells him to
blink if he wants him to kill him and
yeah and Leo strain told his eyes open
yeah oh you finally blinked okay let me
tell you yeah I'm like okay I would have
done that I gotta get the fuck out of
there yeah um I was thinking about that
during the scene when they're still
trying all the whole group is still
together and they're trying to carry him
up that really steep mountain yes I was
like fuck that this movie had hints of
Dances with Wolves a little like the the
white man who spoke the language and
then romanced the Native American lady
and now and Kevin Costner also ate a
deliver oh because the Native American
guy we just say Indian the Indian guy
cut open could open a bison and pulled
out some things like and then Kevin
cross was like I gotta fit in
yeah I had to prove I'm not just some
some cracker and then he eats it but I'm
sure for Kevin Costner is just a big
thing in jello um Kevin Cox is a fuck
I'm not even eating a raw liver what are
you nuts
what do you think I want an Oscar I'll
get one anyway for this and he did yeah
no tell Leo you don't need to eat a real
liver to get an Oscar right
it's about your acting yeah but in this
case he has to make up for his act team
yeah I think what it is with Leo is
there's that scene in Django Unchained
that everyone talks about endlessly
about how he accidentally cut his hand
while shooting so he's bleeding
everywhere
he's like oh you like that ah and then
the whole movie this whole movie is just
him cutting himself yeah this is the
it's like the equivalent of like a like
a teenage girls is just a cutter let's
love me love me give me a goddamn Oscar
already maybe
well the bear I have to ask if the bear
was CG I'm assuming because emotions but
it looked really good it's it's one of
those things or it's I mean it is CG I
to me it was obvious it was CG it's very
good-looking CG what's the term where no
matter how good looking at human faces
you can always recognize the uncanny
valley and that's the effect I was
getting with this where it's like
clearly Alejandro Inarritu in a rock -
in a rat - clearly has the idea in his
mind of how he wants to execute seeing
lots of long takes I think that whole
bear attack is one shot maybe two or
three shots but just lots of long shots
and I think the only way you can
orchestrate something like that is with
a CG bear cuz obviously you can't get a
real bear to do that much you don't want
to fuck around with a real bear like
that but yeah I gotta walk down some
goal yeah it was very specific yeah like
you could shoot this more traditionally
where you get cutaways of the bear and
then the bear puppet in the foreground
is it attacks leo
so yeah this way you wanted to do it but
yeah it's just the entire time you're
watching it there's that part of your
brain that knows it's not real yeah
what's still I mean I my brain went
there I'm like I'm just gonna enjoy this
now and I kind of shut it off I'm like
stop stop stop I see I couldn't same
with the Buffalo later on there's that
herd of buffalo that all look CG to me
yeah yeah I think that's us though like
maybe they are normal audience cover
maybe when you key in on that so much
the bear looked really good for being
close up and oh sure let's stop it's
very very good CG it's just it sticks
out when everything else feels so real
in the road there was a rumor that the
bear rapes him because the bear there's
lots of shots where he's facing camera
in the bears behind him go like this and
it's kind of like pouncing on them yeah
so somebody thought
he was being raped by the bear which was
not true most likely a female bear
protecting her cubs
shitting the male bear goose leaves and
then the female bear goes around with
the Cubs and then if you fuck with the
Cubs better watch out for mama bear
that's why they have that expression
look out for mama bear um so she she
gave Leo a thrashing yeah but Leo was
not raped by a bear the only male to
animal-like intercourse was it was when
Leo got all up in that horse yes
it's deep inside a horse so we gotta
watch the movie to see leo
get naked and put himself inside of a
horse I just I was just sitting there
waiting for Leo to say I thought they
smelled bad on the outside Jake and we
also talked about how Leo's character
was a Mary Sue I mean he was good at
everything like he just he knew how to
speak all the languages you know all the
routes he knew how to heal himself you
know how to cauterize his own wounds
yeah and Jesus Christ can we mention how
can we also talk about how nobody had
ever used the expression Mary Sue until
somebody posted it on Twitter once it's
it was epic it was brutal it was
gruesome was violent it was
heartbreaking it was painful all the
things I love in movies and for some
reason I liked it I admired it more than
I liked it yeah there were some scenes
that were really good I know and I when
I heard people were saying it was boring
I was so excited to see it then that I
will I will probably enjoy it
I liked slow-paced stuff and and this
certainly was Jim and it had its
sprinkling of horrific horrific violence
you know to keep you keep you your
appetite satisfied throughout the film
but in the end in the end emotionally I
wasn't too invested right like I felt
bad what happened to his son and his
wife and but I wasn't I wasn't feeling
that that a super strong urge for
revenge which may have been a good thing
because like I said I sort of understood
Tom Hardy's character a little bit he
was a dick yeah but he wasn't the
mustache twirling villain who I'm just
going to be an asshole for no reason
yeah well I didn't like what he says at
one point is he's like it doesn't matter
what happened to me it's not gonna bring
your son back yeah that's that's I mean
I guess it's ultimately the point of the
movie I just don't know if the the
journey there was worth such a simple
little idea that we we've seen before
for one thing just not executed this
particular way I just don't know if that
if that justifies the movie if that
makes sense mmm
my afraid of dying
I've done it already Jay would recommend
revenants um I would just bar hold the
filmmaking
I'd recommend scene in the theater what
a good way to see in the big screen like
the one ladies say after we got Oh any
movie you see now that's over two hours
long someone will say this in the lobby
someone said the same thing they said
after hateful eight which is two and a
half hours of my life I'll never get
back when really and it's always elderly
people like what fuck outs are they
gonna do yo you should be thankful that
you're around for two and a half more
hours we just said - hey bitch when do
you ever get any time of your life back
that's true that's very here you doc
round look like like shut the fuck up
you live in Wisconsin and it's the
winter what are you gonna do yeah sit
around with your phone cheesehead on
just waiting for next packer season
eating cheese you just watched a movie
that a whole bunch of people put a whole
lot effort into making and you paid five
bucks for it with your senior discount
well you'll cantankerous I hope you uh
I'll be car hits a brick wall where you
would recommend the revenant I am
elderly women to marvel at the
filmmaking yeah elderly woman they have
no fucking idea how hard it was to make
that they just go oh it's in the woods
I guess that yeah I would also recommend
this movie if you want something to
complain about yeah there you go just on
a plane about everything all this hard
work all is this marvelous filmmaking
but whatever it was boring I would
recommend them rather than I guess if
you're if you have a low attention span
no and if you're if you're offended or
shocked by like horrific violence it's
it's a gruesome it's a gruesome tough
movie it's rough and it's miserable
these are all things I like in a movie
but it just for whatever reason it
didn't quite click as something just
felt a little empty in it but it's a
it's a valiant effort it's a spectacle
it's like to be seen check and it's work
worth checking out
on the North dinner is
so the Oscars are coming up are you also
looking forward to the Super Bowl though
I am well not anymore I was but now the
green bean Packers are no longer gonna
be in the Super Bowl why aren't the
Green Bay Packers playing the Super Bowl
playful oh my god I've been raped by a
bear and also I'm white
