Aug 9, 2016
Top 1 Things we Didn't Know About Suicide Squad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sa5GDGSTrtI
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/763084441199611904
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153823879577634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/top-1-things-we-didnt-know-about-suicide-squad

well Jay it's been a couple days now
since we watched Suicide Squad and while
we did have a lot of issues with the
movie apparently there were a lot of
things that we missed yeah I mean the
movie is sort of notorious at this point
for having a lot of interference from
the studio
lots of reshoots lots of Reddit and the
movie is very quickly edited it's very
jumbled and I think it's easy to to miss
some information and some of those quick
cuts but after watching the movie I did
learn a few things do you remember that
scene it was a flashback where the Joker
pushes Harley Quinn off a ledge into
what looked like a giant tank of horse
semen oh here yeah and I found out
that's taken straight out of the comic
books it's apparently a chemical factory
okay and when she falls into the VAT it
was supposed to bleach your skin white
you know color hair all crazy colors and
I guess make her more crazy and more
submissive to the Joker okay but I guess
it makes sense maybe if they had a
longer edit of the scene sure sure yeah
I can see that while speaking of Harley
Quinn and the Joker I guess in the
original edit of the movie their
relationship was more one-sided and
abusive kind of like how it is in the
comic book like there's the scene in the
movie where the Joker shows up on the
helicopter and and in her he rescues
Harley Quinn and then later on he pushes
her out of the helicopter and in the
theatrical cut it looks like he is
saving her because the helicopter is
getting shot down but I guess in the
original edit it was done differently
and he actually pushes her out to kill
her Wow
yeah such an abusive relationship would
probably be off-putting to test
audiences I suppose sure well speaking
of abuse there was a scene in the film
where Batman punches Harley Quinn right
in the fucking face oh yeah which is
very off-putting for Batman you know
because he's Batman right but it turns
out and I guess this is somewhere in the
film maybe in text or a flashback or
something we missed that it says Harley
Quinn was an accomplice in the death of
Robin all right remember they show that
the Robins costume and Superman vs
Batman has Joker oh yeah yeah
okay so I guess that was going to be a
whole thing in this movie but they just
dropped a dollar cut it huh boy yeah all
those edits really just made the movie a
lot harder to follow mm-hmm the one
thing I still don't understand is how
did Harley Quinn get that cell phone
we may never know we may never know Jay
