Feb 19, 2016 
Deadpool and Comic Book Movie Predictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F2C2Svm-r1M
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/700682688219500545
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-deadpool-and-comic-book-movie-predictions

Half in the bag.
Looking good, looking good.
Looking good, Jay.
Almost there.
So did you get it working?
Almost, almost.
All right.
It's a good thing I found this
hopefully we could watch some TV before
we freeze to death
yeah we only have one movie left from
that Kris Kringle guy hey why don't we
go over to his place it's probably warm
there oh it's cold outside it's cold in
here that's a fair point
Oh oh my gosh oh it looks like a shows
come down something starting is it oh is
this the episode where Lenny and Squiggy
accidentally set off a thermonuclear
warhead no Jay I think this is for real
why
oh my god whoa what's happening oh my
god I was just in the Attic trying to
hang myself when I heard this huge
explosion I looked outside and there's
devastation everywhere what what are you
talking about oh my god he's right Jay
it's worldwide nuclear war
I guess we're safe because we're the
only ones up on Mount Everest the
highest point in the whole wide world
Oh at least there's that well we're just
gonna be the three of us left we better
start figuring out who gets to be the
front of the daisy chain not it not it
and also I get to be caboose oh shit you
do know that we're just gonna die of
cancer from the nuclear fallout anyway
right well I give a shit I was just
about to hang myself in the Attic I want
to go get the lube well I guess before I
get fucked in the ass by mr. Plunkett
and die of radiation induced cancer we
should watch one more film now you said
you had one from mr. Kringle sure what
was the movie Zoolander 2 how shit I'm
just kidding it's Deadpool oh no I'm
just kidding it's right along - Oh far
now I'm just kidding it's Deadpool oh it
really is that pool well it's the Dirty
Harry sequel Deadpool where Jim Carrey
lip syncs to guns and roses
you're probably thinking this was a
superhero movie but that guy in the suit
just turned that other guy into a
fucking kebab surprise this is a
different kind of superhero story
Deadpool is a labor of love from
world-renowned comic book expert Ryan
Reynolds the film tells the story of
Wade Wilson a guy who spends half the
movie on a freeway overpass explaining
via flashbacks how we got on the
overpass the film also stars Morena
Baccarin TJ miller and ed skrein as
supporting characters that stand around
while deadpool makes pop-culture
references in their faces hey everyone
remember the Spice Girls Mike what did
you think of Deadpool will buy your
sassy intro I'm gonna take a you didn't
like Deadpool no I liked it just fine uh
well I was wondering I mean you're
asking me if I like Deadpool I was
wondering if the six and eight year old
children that came into the theater like
that cool and if their mother liked
herself for taking her little boys to
see Deadpool warning this is not a
superhero film this is the most violent
r-rated film I've seen in a while
it's a vulgar pop-culture heavy comedy
code Kevin Smith like except much more
competent and exciting yeah but as far
as the constant references to pop
culture which I got tired of pretty
quickly I know that's a part of the
Deadpool character that's kind of his
thing but I think less frequently and
more like precision ones would have made
them made them funnier if it was used a
little bit less yeah I mean Ryan
Reynolds was teetering on annoying for
the first 30 minutes but all the other
parts in it made up for it and I started
to really enjoy it towards the end and
you I mean this movie is what it is it's
it's very different though and it's um
it's it's a movie I thought it was okay
I liked it well enough I wasn't in love
with it but I'm glad that it was as
successful as it was opening weekend
because hopefully that sends a sign
the people want to see things that are
different yeah this is somewhat the same
but different that's that's the big
that's the big takeaway from this it's
not so much like another Marvel
successful Marvel movie it's like they
took a big risk with this yes Ryan
Reynolds I guess like was really pushing
for this and then he purposely leaked
the test footage so that the fans would
get excited about it and and that's like
and then what what a risk to take with
the the clean-cut Marvel franchise
making an r-rated superhero movie and
then it's the biggest r-rated movie
opening ever took in like two hundred
and fifty million dollars yeah nobody
was expecting that it's kind of kind of
crazy it's it's it's not even just like
a cuz I think it back to you know the
olden days when you'd have movies like
Robocop and Terminator and all these are
rated movies that were really popular
but one that's this sort of irreverent
and not I mean it's a mainstream movie
in the sense that it's a Marvel movie
it's comic-book movie but I mean you're
not going to see Chris Evans get pegged
by his girlfriend with a strap-on in
Captain America
if I never see you again know that I
love you when I'm finished it mutates it
cells will heal anything but you still
think we're making you a suit thing
we're making you a super sleigh oh come
on you gonna leave me all alone here
with Jose Canseco I was reading an
article about Deadpool success and you
know when Hollywood smells money all
sorts of things begin to happen and it
was very it's it's very reminiscent of
how successful the Nolan Batman movies
were where everything's - took a dark
turn yeah and so whoever wrote this
article was basically like Marvel's
reevaluating there this person's
reevaluating and there's talk of
Fantastic Four 1/3 reboot she where it's
going to get a hard R rating of course
they're talking about they're like
starting to dig through piles of comics
there's like guys in suits just like
throwing what's the weirdest most fucked
up comic we get fine yeah I guarantee
you Lobos coming Lobo you know spawns
being remade I'm sure now well you can
do that as an AR that's appropriate for
gnar though and that's the takeaway I
think James Gunn wrote something about
this - or you saying like don't take the
wrong thing away from this movie success
like not every comic book movie now has
to be violent r-rated people want it
like Deadpool because it was something
different
exactly yeah it doesn't have to follow
this exact formula and be vulgar and
violent and filthy they just wanted
something different I mean that was
different and fun nope but here comes
mr. Magoo and kinda heart with a heart R
rating you know what you Jem's gun is
completely right but Deadpool took a
risk and it paid off and paid off
because it took a risk yes now the but
but it's like a lemmings like jumping
off the cliff and so it's going to
happen whether you like it or not or
whether it's appropriate or not it
didn't matter that Superman is not
appropriate for a dark gritty
Christopher Nolan desk reboots that's
what we got mm-hmm and that was
successful so then we get more like that
I noticed it would be have you seen the
recent Suicide Squad
trailer No so save the world where it's
it's set to Queen it set the Bohemian
Rhapsody and I was thinking of the
guardians of the galaxy trailer now
let's set it like a 70s song and it's
like oh now they're doing that so mmm
get ready hard our Supergirl films are
coming and this is just confusing it's
going to cause a horrible amounts of
confusion and problems like I felt bad
for the little kids because I'm sure
parents are confused as shit
you see Deadpool he looks like you know
a different Marvel character you got
Wolverine Wolverine as a man with the
fucking claws on his hand that stabs
people but x-men is okay for kids
they've tried though they've been really
clever with the marketing for this movie
where they're trying to they're not
trying to trick anybody which is nice
too
well all the marketing for this movie
has been very straight forward which is
kind of refreshing
yeah but I mean like this people slip
through the cracks they don't see that
and that's their own dumbass fault yeah
and some people are some parents of kids
Jay you gotta think of the children
I saw a Robocop when I was six and it
was the most amazing movie ever and you
turned out all right I turned out just
fine
and this is coming from the man who told
me after we shot that you had an
erection the entire time we watched
exploding varmints and that he said you
know that scene from American Pie think
of that with a varmint carcass and that
was you last night that's what he told
me he said the trick is to do it right
after it's dead because it's still warm
well I think that's pretty much common
sense yeah if you don't want to fucking
go for carcass just if you're gonna fuck
a carcass of anything you want it still
to be worn that goes without saying
not that I fully thought into it
whatever they did to me made me totally
indestructible
and completely no unfuckable you you
look like the inside of other people's
assholes
now we've talked about the circumstances
surrounding the movie I guess we haven't
talked too much about the actual movie
and he was all that funny there are
certain parts where I left I left at
certain parts
I liked the the references to the comic
book universe and the x-men there's lots
of jokes at the expense of like Hugh
Jackman at one point they say Patrick
Stewart looks like the the Heaven's Gate
guy like things like that that are sort
of in a world I thought were clever in a
way were just like referencing I don't
know Rosie O'Donnell isn't yeah that
certain there are certain jokes that
seemed a little dated and and stuff but
there was fourth wall breaking and then
Deadpool references that and he looks
directly in the camera he's like this at
breaking the fourth wall or I'm breaking
four walls and at the same time is that
eight walls and yeah you know they were
completely aware there's one part where
Colossus shows up and starts dragging
Deadpool he's like you're coming to the
Xavier mansion to join the x-men and
he's like he's like which which
Professor Xavier is a Stewart or McAvoy
it's like these timelines are so
confusing yeah he's like he's
referencing the actors and it's
completely fourth-wall breaking and then
there's fine that that's that's funny
because everybody feels that way at this
point it's almost commenting on
superhero fatigue yes
yes it is and and there's lots of
references to the formulas too like
especially the opening credits where
it's just like oh yeah you know starring
a high chick of a British bad guy comic
relief sidekick released the yeah CGI
character so he they're making fun of
the formula and the the universe in
which it comes from but it's nice to see
him decapitating people but it's it's
certainly not a superhero from film it's
a super violent crazy vigilante film yes
and that's I would say that this is
going into the negatives is that like I
understand we always talk about all
these comic movies the onion is they
have to save the entire city and there's
the blue light going up into the sky and
all that and this avoids that almost
going too far in the other direction
where there's not really much of a story
here the first half of the movie is told
in a kind of nonlinear fashion to kind
of like distract you from how little is
actually going on because the actual
story is really simple and not terribly
interesting or unique the style and the
humor is unique yeah the story is just a
guide turns him into a monster and then
he wants revenge on that guy yeah well
that's what I liked about it though was
like that's just the basic outline just
the framework and then they have fun
with all the details and I like the fact
that colossus and negasonic teenage
warhead were in it I'm not familiar with
that character at all I know colossus of
course i looked this up and negasonic
teenage warhead is a character from i
think the new mutant some like very
current x-men comic okay I want to say
that they probably did that as a joke to
find the most obscure x-men character
they could I mean I googled it and I
could barely find any comic book images
of this character okay my guess is that
he Ryan Reynolds or whoever wrote this
um I know he was heavily involved in the
writing of it said let's have colossus
in there and and the most obscure x-men
possible just for laughs
and then it's funny because they
reference that he goes to the mansion
and you know she answers the door and
it's always them too and he's like use
for the such a big mansion with all
these characters you think the studio is
getting cheap you know or couldn't
afford more characters it's probably
true right we'll let you use Colossus
whose greatness by the way it's it's
complete schlock with Colossus that's
how I can see voice that's how Colossus
should be yeah and then you know there's
another mutant woman who has super
strength and she she fights Colossus and
that's practically beats him which is
awesome and I like that it felt like it
felt like just some off issue of a comic
book
yeah and and while the Marvel movies The
Avengers the greatest biggest of Enda
know that this felt like issue number
three eighty-five colossus and negasonic
teenage warhead helped deadpool kill
this guy my favorite scenes were with
colossus and negasonic teenage warhead
yeah sure where the you needed that you
needed colossus in there yeah i mean it
seemed so out of place that it worked
yeah it's just like oh my to me x-men
character in here and it's so like he's
like the straight and narrow virtuous
like I you must do the right thing you
know and it was a very good counter
balance to Deadpool yeah that's why
those are the scenes that those two were
fun classic comic book archetype
character and then yeah yeah and when it
needs to be an action comic-book movie
that stuff works too
like a lot of the action towards the
ends like the fighting stuff I thought
that was fun it was great without you
know needing any wacky jokes or anything
just the action stuff was fine yeah yeah
taking the piss out of comic book movies
but at the same time making a really
good comic book movie mmm
I mean that's why I brought her oh no
finish your tweet it's not it that's why
just give us a second go get her tiger
oh I'm so pity the dude who pressures
her into prom sex
isn't a shame that you can't just watch
a movie like this type of movie now and
just be like that was an entertaining
movie you just have to think of like
because the way they've set up these
franchises and these connected universes
all you gotta think is like fuck now we
ideal twenty more of these well they are
franchises they are not duchess
franchises they are empires they're
multiple franchises that you can connect
into another franchise is a multiple
corporate conglomerate it's a it's
that's why it's all the more amazing
that this got made I guess under odd who
ever used to run fox that was sort of
like ashamed of the x-men things like
that he was very opposed to this
Deadpool movie being made which is why I
kept getting pushed off for years and
years that guy left Fox this movie gets
made and it's like the highest-grossing
thing ever like let people take chances
was that the guy who who greenlit the
original Deadpool played by Ryan
Reynolds and probably from those of you
who don't remember Ryan Reynolds was
also Deadpool Wade Wilson in one of my
favorite movies of all time x-men
origins Wolverine the direct-to-video
film from the Ann Arbor District Library
it's actually the company that produced
is the Ann Arbor Michigan District
Library produced Wolverine x-men origins
there is and yeah Ryan Reynolds is in it
as is Wade Wilson who has two swords and
he's probably obviously Ryan Ryan
Reynolds was or is a Deadpool fan a big
Deadpool fan he's like yeah we play
Deadpool and then Deadpool in this
version of it is I don't know if it says
he has cancer or just dies and they or
they just kidnap him and he he gets some
the guy Brian Cox his younger self um I
think he puts all mutant powers into him
yeah and he has like his Cyclops eye
laser eyes he has the Wolverine healing
ability and I think he has adamantium
sword arms and Wolverine and Sabretooth
vitam on top of the nuclear furnace at
the end it is melts own shot so is there
an explanation for that
I don't know I don't my character that's
known for being a smartass with lots of
quips in his mouth oh that's why they
show us some of the smells notice he is
quippy and irritating stuck in an
elevator with five guys and I protein
down oh wait dreams really do come true
just shut okay not honorable and I think
that is why from what I remember yeah
cuz he kept talking and babbling yeah
and kind of like the Deadpool character
and then I think they saw his mouth shut
because like but um yeah it's pretty
awesome
well let's talk about that let's talk
about the other comic book films that
are coming out this year that's right j1
other comic book films are coming out in
2016 2017 and 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
2023 Trench they released a teaser
trailer for Star Wars Episode 8 oh god
get you the book
are you excited yet oh my god did you
see the way hair was parted that means I
I just want to kill myself
it's understandable movies make me want
to be dead
anyways comic book movies slated for
2016 go well first we've got Captain
America Civil War remember Superman dawn
of Justice --is Doctor Strange in
November dr. Strangelove dr. Strangelove
they're remaking that but they're
turning into an action comic book movie
how I learned to stop worrying and love
the Fantastic Four think about it for a
second
think about it well there's a Ninja
Turtles movie coming out that's sort of
borderline comic boogey man children are
very excited because Krang is in it the
brain is 37 year old men should be
excited that Krang is in there Turtles
movie little Duke run roid Loretha or
the muscle characters name like then was
like a rhinoceros no bebop and
Rocksteady they're in the new movie how
do you know that because I was a ninja
turtle kid I was too but I don't
remember the name I remember their names
but I'm not excited to see them in a new
motion picture aimed at eight-year-olds
x-men apocalypse is coming out uh which
I can't even imagine taking any of the
shit seriously after Deadpool this is
like the death of comic book movies
yes Deadpool killed to come it's a
little whoopee cushion on the seat of
the comic book movie industry I think
it's a very clever analogy Jay a big old
whoopee cushion on the under the butt of
Hollywood executive yeah I mean I
Apocalypse I'm like Apocalypse is so
awesome and then I must throw okay
is it Oscar Isaac is he playing
apocalypse huh that's unfortunate
I'm sure the movie will be fine why he's
a great act he that's what I mean like
he's a good I do a great job okay it's
frustrating because like I want it like
there's that comic book fatigue that we
talk about but then you still have to
judge a movie on a movie by movie bases
yeah and a lot of them turn out to be
good Captain America the Winter Soldier
like I don't care about Captain America
but that Winter Soldier movie was
actually good good movie yes Civil War I
think looks good Batman vs Superman they
don't know what to do with it with you
you were telling me he read something
about that right I did I read that
they're actually worried about it and
this is a little condescending to the
Marvel fans they're worried about it
because they think it might be too smart
for Marvel fans yeah cuz Man of Steel
was too smart well apparently the
serious does not mean smart and and I in
a way when I look at it I kind of can't
agree sort of not not that it's going to
be too smart for audiences but that it
deals with bigger themes it seems to
anyway from the trailer yeah like
there's a god-like character and like
what are the repercussions on earth like
what you know and and it seems to be a
little more a little more heady than
apocalypse was going to destroy everyone
we've got to stop them like the big
theme stuff or I don't know it's
possible it'll be dumb punching and
smashing the whole time but it also
seems like it's trying to deal with not
just Superman that's just this like I'm
going to go save the world
but more of like what would happen if
there was like basically a man
anything yeah on modern day earth I
think that is like taking that idea and
putting it into a Superman movie is that
the right venue to tell a story like
that absolutely not and I don't
understand that Captain America Civil
War to me it seems like a Iron Man
should be the one who is like the
vigilante who runs off on his own and
does his own shit I was thinking that
yes like the millionaire playboy is like
fuck all this like rules and and then
he's like you got to follow the rules
but he's my friend
so was i I know that something's I mean
Captain America would say to Iron Man
exactly yeah I mean it maybe it makes
sense some sure it makes sense in the
context of the movie but I agree it
feels like those characters should be
reversed
ompletely ordered Captain America is a
soldier a soldier follows the rules yeah
and he's the clean-cut guy not the
reckless vigilante who runs around and
doesn't want to follow the rules
that's Tony Stark I liked that Winter
Soldier movie quite a bit that's one
that I think stands out as far as being
something different and that's why it's
hard to get to like beat down on the
Marvel stuff like it you can look at the
overall trend and it gets like tiresome
but a few years ago the idea that there
would be this the cinematic universe
where you would have all these
characters that we set up an individual
movies and then they'll start to
interconnect like that's ambitious
then the fact that all these movies have
different tones and then you bring them
together and you make you know the best
elements of all those different
franchises work together but then you
see those graphs where it's like 2016
here's every movie 2017 here's every
movie you're like oh fuck it seems to be
like they made their master plans and as
master plans go sometimes awry janna and
it's like now I think DC was like
worried about this Batman vs. Superman
movie so they're they're pushing back
Justice League a little bit and into
what retool what they want to do with it
I think they're worried that's going to
have a negative
fan reaction because they think that
Marvel fans which you know I mean
there's Marvel and DC I think the
general movie-going audience doesn't
care right there just like superhero
movie uh I think they're so accustomed
to the the big colorful fun Marvel
movies that when they go see the surges
can go oh yeah Man of Steel might have
just been like an anomaly right and then
so I think they're they're pushing that
back they're going to do a ben affleck
batman solo movie and then kind of like
go see how they work on this in a Batman
vs Superman looks a little nauseating to
me and it looks it's giving me like
post-traumatic stress disorder from from
Man of Steel yeah but if it's if it
tries to have big themes tries to do
something smart and works you know I'll
be I'll be okay with it but I think it
may have a negative effect audiences
will sleep we can't allow this Deadpool
I don't have time for your x-men
bullshit Colossus besides nobody's
getting hurt that guy was up there
before we got here
they're played
but Mike what did you think of Deadpool
would you recommend it absolutely as we
mentioned before I don't take any
children to see it but go see it it's
fun to watch an r-rated film it's fun to
see decapitations blood gore violence
nudity and to hear the f-word over and
over and over and over and over again
and have some some sick sick perverted
dark humor everyone's scared of all that
now yeah but it's it's been proven that
audiences are out there and want to
watch r-rated movies so fuck you even
more so than just our rated movies I
would recommend it too but you almost
don't have to because apparently
everybody saw it already
the whole world saw it over the weekend
and including the little children but
yeah as long as the this won't happen
but I wish to take away from this is
that people are open to things that are
different movies that are different
movies that take chances not necessarily
just that they're like hard our movies
they're gonna have to be hard our just
movies that are trying to do something
unique I want to see rich ovens
recommended Planet Hulk oh yeah where
Hulk gets banished to an alien planet
that comes our God yeah just wants to
come back to kick Iron Man's ass
whoever banished him I think was Iron
Man earth or I don't remember what he
said no one has the team up to save the
planet they're just pissed off at each
other yeah and there's some fun stories
a different story
I'm retired of the blue laser in the sky
yes and even though this one had had a
lot of cliches you saved the girl got to
get the bad guy you know even though it
had all those cliches in it there were a
lot of like oddball elements mainly the
introduction of two random x-men
characters for fun and that's what you
want movies you want to have fun so
everyone get your tickets for Batman vs
Superman dawn of darkness
I'm sure this will resonate 250 million
dollars in four days is like a shockwave
yes
and it's especially depending the rest
of the super
