Aug 12, 2016
Stranger Things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lMOsdHhqio
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/764171026993328128
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153831082227634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-stranger-things

Half in the bag.
Stranger things is an eight-episode series from Netflix.
Set in Middle America in the early 80's, the show is about a young boy that goes missing in the woods.
His friends search for him, and instead find a mysterious young girl with a shaved head and telekinetic abilities.
Also looking for the boy are his mother and the town's police chief.
Mysteries abound in a tale that's part Spielberg, part Stephen King, part John Carpenter, and part every other movie you can possibly think of from the 80s.
The show was created by the Duffer brothers, who also wrote and directed the film Hidden, starring Alexander Skarsg√•rd, which we have recommended multiple times on Half in the Bag.
That's right.
We like the Duffer brothers before it was cool, yo.
yeah Netflix makes some pretty quality
programming mainly this and orange is
the new black I like that and this
program is good it's not great it's good
it's it's what we got to get in because
everybody's raving about this show
everybody loves this show so we got to
get in before the backlash starts which
will happen soon okay I'm guessing I
really love the show the main thing that
people are talking about with this show
is the nostalgia nostalgia every article
every review 80s nostalgia 80s nostalgia
that's the least interesting aspect of
it to me I think this place to anyone
because it works as a period piece more
so than remember the 80s I think you
have to have a story like this set in a
simpler time yeah yeah I mean you should
clarify it's not 80s a nostalgia it's
80s movie nostalgia yes it's not like
Rubik's cubes Atari it you know it's not
that's the way people are talking about
it though is if it's that and it really
isn't it it pays homage to all the the
ideas and and like things that are
memorable from lots of 80s things like
you know there's a poltergeist Goonies
GT is a big fucking one t there's
Stephen King's it
which is just like a little too much
it feels very Stephen King ish oh yeah
down down to the font aliens that's in
there too but yeah it's it's basically
like a an amalgamation of 30 different
ideas from different shows it's very
well done I think I think the two
biggest attributes are the performances
and the unpredictability and and it's
not so much it's like wow this is an
amazing original clever idea it's it's
really like it's it's the style it's a
clever arrangement of pre-existing ideas
but yeah the performances is the big one
the kids are all fantastic and they feel
like real kids there's been so many
movies they feel like 80s movie kids
where they swear they say shit all the
time which is great they look like
typical kids
the one kid Dustin is missing his front
teeth apparently he was in real life and
they worked into the show the older
sister of the main kid her character's
name is Nancy which may be a nightmare
on elm street reference I'm assuming she
looks like she's made of twigs she looks
like a marionette puppet she looks like
the girl from Ferris Bueller's Day Off
that's what girlfriend or the sister the
girlfriend not Jennifer Grey the Sloan
character yeah yeah I was like she
should play that she could play that if
they ever remade that they will and
Steve of course looks like jean-ralphio
yeah from Parks and Rec yes which there
is someone who's made a theory about how
this is connected to Parks and Rec
because it takes place in Indiana and
how he is the Jean Ralph he is the
brother of jean-ralphio
okay so there's some kind of goofy
theory but he's kind of a funny looking
guy to his name Steve on the show but
yeah all the kids look like real kids
they swear a lot they play D&D; the
show's not afraid to get dark which I
liked I mean you have the shaved head
girl 11 Ellie collar for short she's
using her telekinetic powers to
- snap necks which gets pretty violent
and fucking cool so all that stuff is
great and the overall story I like and I
like that it feels like I was thinking
of lost as I was watching it because I
was like oh no we're gonna get mystery
after mystery and then by the end we'll
realize that they had no idea what the
fuck they were doing but as a this is a
season I mean there's not nothing
there's nothing confirmed that there'll
be a second season but you can watch
this as an eighth episode thing and be
satisfied with the conclusion even
though it leaves things open for future
stuff I was satisfied with where it
ended I think they have confirmed that
they are making a second season
last I heard and which which is
problematic for me because they had this
really great idea they seem to be more
in love with the the style and the
references and making something that
that you know was a love letter to 80s
movies yeah as opposed to having a
really like really interesting story so
I fear full of a second season because
it's going to be like yeah yeah because
this is not it was very well done
stylistically the presentation the look
like the the upside-down is with the
color yeah that was super neat like this
alternate dimension that existed on top
of our own the monster as far as the
story goes it just sort of Peters out
and then certain things that happen
don't are sort of inconsequential to the
overall story mainly I mean spoilers I
guess you will say this whole thing is
spoilers it's hard to talk about without
the support TV show without getting into
spoilers at this point if you haven't
watched stranger things probably stop
this discussion and go watch it if you
want to but if you've watched the whole
thing
keep watching I'm talking mainly about
the part where the nancy teams up with
the missing kids brother Jonathan
Jonathan - they buy of like bear traps
and weapons and they're going to try and
stop the monster their Nightmare on Elm
Street
Susie traps thing and
and they really don't it there were
aspects that kind of dead ended here and
there my favorite takeaway from that
aspect though is the the asshole Steve
shows up yeah
just like any any kind of turns into a
little hero and he actually helps them
out kind of subverts the typical 80s
asshole boyfriend trope that's what I
mean by unexpected yes is a lot of the
characters and and the may the big one
is the sheriff oh yeah played by David
Harbor David Harbor one of my favorite
actors he plays the sheriff and at first
like you know Winona Ryder is the mother
of the missing kid and she comes in
she's a cow but kids missing and he's
like look log-log yeah kids guy he's
went off in his bike somewhere and I'm
like oh he's going to be the disaffected
sheriff who who doesn't fuckin help
anybody ninety-nine out of a hundred
times kid goes missing the kid is with a
parent or relative what about the other
time and then it turns out like he gets
really involved started breaking into
the facility and nerve and he has a nice
backstory yeah involving his his
daughter who I guess we're sorry Larry
side of cancer yeah and and there's a
nice little flash the proper use of
flashbacks yes unlike suicide squads
flashbacks that were intended to be
flashbacks intended to be flash what's
not footage you didn't want to use but
in intentional flashbacks that are
triggered by imagery that's currently
happening so it's it's very well done
they should hire these guys to make
Suicide Squad
this show feels more cinematic to me
than suicides yes yes it does it suffers
a bit here and there from obvious
budgetary constraints yes yeah mainly
the CGI in the monster but that's that's
where it's like I don't care because
everything else is working i I do wish
with the monster it's completely CG and
if you're doing this sort of 80s homage
thing guy in a rubber suit with a
completely fine
but but that's a minor point because the
monster is not a huge part of it and you
don't see it very much I know and also
tonally when you have little kids in the
80s movies you're with the exception of
Stand By Me your your explorers your
Goonies your actual villain is seen
through the perspective of the kids so
it's not a murderous violent real-life
monster it's usually something a little
less yea violent but it seems scary
through the eyes of little kids on bikes
from et things like that where it's it's
its perceived danger and this is real a
real fucking horrible monster yeah
and I'm also withdrawing it from those
examples well I think one of the best
things about the show is that it has you
know you have that it's like it's like
if you had little kids on bikes doing
battle with Freddy Krueger
I think I think the tone of the show is
very well balanced though as far as the
threat to the little kid because you
have the kids you got the teenagers and
you got the adults yeah basically have
three different storylines going on but
they keep cutting around from they're
all connected but they almost feel like
the influences are from three different
types of eighties movies yet exactly uh
but I think they all I think the tone is
handled balance really well it's blended
as well as it could be yeah as well as
it had needed to be in order to pull
this off and I pulled it off but as far
as the this story goes I think they
would need a better script screenwriter
for a second season to come up with a
really good story because they did a
really great job with the characters oh
yeah and it's just like the overall plot
of like I opened up an interdimensional
thing and this I kind of liked that it
wasn't because I was worried like I
mentioned lost I was worried early after
the first couple episodes that it would
be like this unraveling giant mystery
and there's all these different
mysteries and it's like no it's pretty
but it's pretty straightforward it's
just the information is is you know
given to you as the series goes along
and I was fine with that
and I was fine that some of its left
vague I'm assuming they can expand on it
more in a second season but if they
don't I I'm okay with where it ends
you
a writer though I I have an opinion on
her that apparently everybody disagrees
with but I think she sucks on this show
I think she's one note
she's shrill and unconvincing at all
times
and everybody else saying she's great so
I know I'm in the minority on this but
it's like she's just constantly frazzled
with the big eyes and she's you know
fidgety in every scene like there's a
part you know the Leonardo DiCaprio's
and maybe like a cos she uh you know
that her son is um in the upside down
he's trying to communicate through
electrical devices which is cool and
then like he's trying to talk to over
the phone and the phone gets you know
burnt up so she goes to the store she
works at to get a new phone it would be
great in that scene when she's in the
store if she was trying to stay calm
trying to trying to stay composed
instead she just comes in and she's
frazzled like she has an every other
scene yeah I by I blame that in the
direction her character and this was
crazy and hysterical mostly all the time
even before the kid goes missing yeah
and you you could have played her very
disaffected and and withdrawn and
confused and that he could have played
it differently
I don't know which one would have drawn
more sympathy from the audience I just
would have liked to seen it played with
some range as opposed to be hitting the
same note through the entire thing yeah
that was my problem with it where where
she is she realizes she's crazy or the
idea that her son is talking to her
through light bulbs is crazy right but
at the same time she's still trying to
keep her wits about her and maintain a
perception in the public that she's
dealing with everything okay
yeah it was a complex set of
circumstances and yeah it could have
been handled with some more depth
instead she's she's frazzled crazy lady
the whole time yeah I understand I don't
think her acting per se was bad I guess
I don't know I don't know anything about
these duffer brothers I was it other
than their movie hidden so everyone else
is great though everyone else hits a
bunch of different notes the girl that
plays eleven is the standout I really
liked her a lot because she starts out
and you
tell that she's like she doesn't talk a
lot you can tell she's frustrated that
she's not able to communicate better and
and for a young you know an actor of her
age I thought she handled that really
well yeah
what did you think of the music I know
we talked about John Carpenter you
weren't a fan of his music or space cop
score
I like the music in this I don't think
it's a lot of people are comparing it to
John Carpenter there's a couple themes
that remind me a John Carpenter but it
moreso reminds me of I mean it is synth
it's 80s it reminds me more of like
tangerine dream it's a little more
complex John Carpenter scores are very
very simplistic III I thought the music
was cute that's that's my reaction in
and it wasn't distracting yeah it was it
wasn't like Lauren also we're doing the
eighties thing look at oh yeah yeah I
felt like a felt um homogenous it felt
natural and I really liked that intro
oh yeah well that says I knew within the
first 10 minutes of the first episode I
was going to be into the show because
you know they set up the eighties era
they set up all the characters and then
boom you got to that music and that
opening credits I was like I'm in the
retro 80s stuff is not really my thing
I liked the turbo Kid movie just because
it was just so over-the-top violent and
crazy a fun
and I like this on a different level it
was written like I mentioned for me this
felt more like it works as a period
piece not just an 80s nostalgia fest
right there are aspects and maybe this
is nitpicky but like the kids in the
basement they're playing D&D; and there's
a John Carpenter's The Thing poster in
the background and this movie set this
show set in 83 that movie came out in 82
it flopped horribly it was a critical
failure no fucking kid in 83 is going to
have a thing poster and later there's an
evil dead poster in the kids bedrooms
like no one had an Evil Dead poster it
just didn't happen
the directors put it in there because
they liked it yeah that was a way wink
to the less specific audience yeah all
this movie takes place in the 80 does
n't it aren't they using their cell
phones take life in the eighties there
wasn't overt it wasn't hit over the head
with yeah Rubik's cubes well that's I
think of like cuz I complained I think
it was pixels or as complaining about
the the celebration of nostalgia and you
look at the opening of pixels where it's
like eighties eighties music and you
know all that stuff and that kind of
thing bothers me this was more like it
set in the 80s because it was a simpler
time and and it works in that respect it
was more like this this series would be
like this if it was made back then yeah
not not so much like yeah look at look
at us look at us it's it's more more
subtle and but more of a more of a
homage to 80s movies right which which
leads into my question where does and
this is the the aspect of the show that
I'm wondering about where does homage
end and ripping off begins oh yeah cuz
there's a lot I mean a lot of et is in
this you replace et with L the little
girl there's so much et in those yeah I
think I think I started to get annoyed
when the one kid is
is shooting the monster with the
slingshot yeah trying to hit Pennywise
the clown yeah that's very it but I mean
even just like shots there's a shot
early on when the the kid runs out of
his house into the shed out back and
it's like the exact same framing is et I
thought I was going to make him fly on
their bikes I was waiting for that to
happen let's see now they need something
pretty cool though or she flips the van
over which is neat but uh yeah that
whole chase scene was very much et and
not even eighty stuff there's some
things
there you go but there's a couple things
on this that we're not even 80s which
makes me wonder like is this homage or
ripoff epic are when Nirvana showed up
no its way Noel is in the sensory
deprivation chamber and we see she's in
that like completely black environments
and it looks like she's walking on water
kind of exactly the same thing as the
movie under the skin with Scarlett
Johansson which is one of my favorite
movies at the last few years it only
came out a couple years ago and it's
identical it's like well this isn't an
ad so Maj clearly is this a ripoff as
much as I love the show I love the story
of the show like it's taking all these
influences and elements kind of like
Tarantino does where it's like it
becomes its own thing yeah but there's
so many like shots and like like at the
under the skin stuff is like identical I
would shout plagiarism or you know
whatever if if the writing and acting
and directing and everything and it was
bad where it's like this is shit I can
go but it is very transformative like a
Tarantino thing where they Tarantino was
inspired by grindhouse and 1970s and you
know kung fu movies from the 60s and all
that and he took all those things that
he loves and did his own thing with it
and kind of that's what they did they
the characters and this are really
strong and unique they're not like
tropes or whatever summer jokes but then
it does a fun thing we're kind of you
know yeah it has a twist to it right and
it's a good example of it doesn't do
that with everything like you have like
the asshole boyfriend uses his friend
characters that are just typical 80s
site jerk characters but what it does is
show that's cliches exists for a reason
because when they're done well they work
and that's this show yeah yeah and even
the supporting characters are fleshed
out well enough where you understand
them there's there's an entire there's
all sorts of fan art for barb
it was in like barely in two episodes
which is like a fan favorite because you
understand her just in the couple scenes
she's in you get it yeah it's a gray
area on whether or not something like
this is is unique or if the homage is
taken too far
I don't know I'm okay with it I enjoyed
it as a good like mystery monster movie
I we could call it a movie it is it's
basically a really long movie which is
why we're talking about it on having
bagging when we don't talk about TV
shows yeah there's to us sometimes
there's just too much talked about in TV
shows yeah this is a very very very very
long movie and that's right up our alley
which is why yes discussing it exactly
um because I could talk about Ghost
Adventures see that axe do you want to
do more killing do you see anything
around me bro no see anything around me
it's difficult to see all the way to
your right because the expert I can't
see the axe it's right above your right
hand you're about to hit it is this
where you hid the night that you
brutally killed this family it does move
a little too slow um I think this could
have been a movie because it's like it
does have that lost quality where it's
like oh god we got a lots of next one so
I don't know I I think it works
perfectly as eight episodes if it was
any longer like it's long enough where
it flushes up the characters more than
you would get in a movie yes which is
good that's true so I think it's the
perfect length it's the perfect length
for this particular story perfect length
well done well acted questionable
origins questionable motivations but
very good and also questionable second
season yeah yeah like a show like this
you swim as this exactly usually show
like this ends and it's
there's elements that are left open
you're like oh I can't wait to see what
happens next
this one I'm hesitant to see what
happens next
yeah I didn't leave you with a big
cliffhanger there's some elements that
say this could be expanded on but ah
it's like okay uh is is a is a a killer
in the woods with a hockey mask and a
show up in season two well you go to a
different series of revver the D&D; kids
are there mom says you guys got to go to
a summer camp and Crystal Lake I'm sorry
Crystal River if the entire second
season is just a Friday the 13th Amash I
would be on board I know you would if
they just went a completely weird
direction that makes no sense yeah I
would be on board for the wrong reasons
but I would be okay with it
Darrin and I heard enough she can't have
gone far
so Mike would you recommend stranger
things I'm gonna call it sounds like
teen spirit I would go watch it sure
whatever watch it if you got a whole
bunch of fucking nothing to do with your
week it's the monster the monster is
killing everybody monster from another
dimension I would also recommend it
because Matthew Modine looks just like
David Cronenberg in it
there it is
J I made a website oh my god that
website is beautiful I worked really
hard on it
WWII tanning fast VCR repair calm did
you say WWII tanning fast VCR repair
calm that's our website oh my god
now that they've stopped making VCRs and
people are going to need their old ones
fixed now our websites up and running
all we got to do is sit back and wait
for the funk out rain right away
