Jun 26, 2016
Independence Day: Resurgence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTKw5yxARHc
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/747224878546227200
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153724938837634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-independence-day-resurgence

Half in the bag.
Apes-a-poppin'?
Come on, Jay.
trust me it's going to be a blast all
the college Millennials and cool
hipsters are doing it these days it's at
all the wildest parties I don't know
Mike it seems dangerous
how does this work again well you drink
this beer the faster you can drink it
the less burnt and disfigured your face
will get you know from the heat and the
sparks I don't know this seems kind of
pointless I mean we're not in college
we're not at a party fact there's nobody
around I could just drink a beer without
sparklers attached to it and I don't
want to horribly burn my face it seems
like there's more cons than pros yeah
whatever you fuckin twist the I'll go
first
Wow oh say can you see my bronze
oh hi mr. Plunkett where have you been
also why are you dressed like America oh
I'm celebrating my independence day from
the aliens they finally let me go aliens
mr. blinken are you saying you were
abducted by aliens well that explains
why he was gone the last couple weeks
hmm thanks for filing a missing persons
report you didn't file a missing persons
report Jay he's being sarcastic
why so mr. Plunkett when you're on the
alien spaceship do you get anal probes
no did you get anal probes no did you
get anal probes no they just asked me
some questions about Donald Trump's hair
they wanted to know I know the nuclear
launch codes
he got it probed no once they realized
they didn't have the information they
wanted they just scanned my brain so
after the brain scan then you got anal
all right Mike that's enough with the
probing questions
they did say anal probes are a pretty
standard procedure but once I didn't
have the information they wanted
yeah we're just kind of hung out and
partied hung out and partied what do you
mean oh they taught me some got a new
hip way to drink beer hey Mike didn't
you go missing for a few days last week
and you have been complaining about how
much your ass hurts well I'm up in the
fourth of July parade
I'll see you jerks later bye mr. plinkus
bye mmm fourth of July fireworks hey
speaking of having things painfully
shoved up your ass
have you seen Independence Day
resurgence I have so that's two things
have been painfully shoved up my ass
what was the other thing the anal probe
uh I'm accepting the fact that that's
where I learned how to drink the
sparkler beer I mean that makes sense
given the information we've just heard
and then it makes more sense because
there are Millennials because they've
been alive for a thousand years
oh oh yeah it's a whole different
meaning sure so the Millennials are the
hip hip kids in the alien culture the
the quadrillenium are like the older
wiser middle-aged people right right the
people that are kind of uncool you don't
say it here
I can't believe it's been 20 years still
gonna take her father into the
anniversary we wouldn't be here if it
wasn't for him
get ready fans of cinema roland emmerich
is back with his newest film
Independence Day retribution
wait that's Independence Day retaliation
wait that's still not right Independence
Day reconstitution Independence Day
redemption no that's not an Independence
Day revolution Independence Day
revulsion that's kind of cool it's not
right Independence Day repudiation
Independence Day regulation No
Independence Day rectification No
Independence Day refraction No
Independence Day refortified No
Independence Day resurrection No
Independence Day reevaluation hmm
Independence Day refrigeration
Independence Day ribbed for her pleasure
what fuck it Oh Oh Mike why aren't you
wearing your PIN I forgot I had it
Independence Day Earth space defense
that's why the program is called because
it's the Earth's face defense also known
as the ESD
now it's official I'm part of the earth
space defense
do they mean like like earth space like
the space on earth or earth comma space
J because people know earth and they
know space and their tactic is just to
shoot everything always and never listen
to Jeff Goldblum well it's the earth
space defense we're defending ourselves
from space from other beings from space
they really should just call it
everything defense or just earth defense
we're defending the earth yeah but I
guess we're defending it from space so
it's the earth space defense Earth's
space defense but that's a little clunky
to say earth space defense welcome to
earth space defense that's right Jay Wow
what are your thoughts on Independence
Day
now I actually forgot the real name
correct I want to say retribution
resurgence Independence Day resurgence
well Mike let me tell you resurgence
made me want to refund I use that joke
on the Matrix Reloaded over a decade ago
well anyway this movie has five credited
screenwriters and it feels like a movie
cobbled together by five different
screenwriters you're gonna hate me Jay
but I love this movie I love a sliver of
this movie this is there's like ten
movies in here it's both better and
worse than the original movie the stuff
that's better is fun we often say uh why
would they remake such a great movie and
make it terrible yeah this is the
complete polar opposite the complete
wish fulfillment I did not like
Independence Day I thought sucked I
hated it it was it was the the dynamic
duo of Roland Emmerich and Dean Devlin
yes the people I disliked as much as
Alex Kurtzman and Robert or see not
personally I'm sure there
wonderful guys one of them's like a 9/11
truther one of them is a wonderful guy
but uh they took that that the terrible
corny movie and they turned it into what
I will call a a fun science fiction
action-adventure blockbuster movie that
I actually liked call it the Jurassic
world syndrome but I thought Oh mostly
all of the parts worked like the amazing
subplot would jut hursh that was
riveting Rowling Emmerich wrote himself
into a hole essentially because we had
the first movie and the first movie is
always characters from all over the
place they're gonna do the things but
now it's like okay the whole earth got
earth sorry a got fucked up now we live
in this future technology world which
was kind of cool I like that aspect of
it yeah everyone it's like wow
aliens coming and blowing up the whole
world turned out really great yeah
there's world peace - everyone gets the
log down well peace all of our cities
are been have been rebuilt we have all
this amazing new technology we could put
a people on the moon
we have moon bases everything's great
from 96 to 2016 the real 2016 is pretty
shitty yes but aliens destroyed the
earth in two and - 1996 and turned it
into a wonderful wonderful future Star
Trek asked utopia so Roland Emmerich
could not do the little stories all over
but he still tried which was annoying
the the the grubby guys on the boat
trying to hunt for gold who get involved
in the story yeah fuck you that's one of
the one of the 50 subplots and then when
I saw the dumb kids like a monk why who
are these teenagers driving this car by
the way was that Abigail breslin's
little sister I don't know who those
kids were we got to look this up the
main girl look just like a little tiny
version of oh wait no Breslin that girls
in the conjuring the first one yeah okay
whatever
but anyway so judge Jenner
is is doing a pathetic book tour at a
senior citizens home and it's really
pathetic and it's kind of funny in a
wonderful scene that's less than a
minute long they could have been dropped
at any moment all of his scenes were so
bizarre because each scene with him was
like less than a minute long
his subplot are completely pointless
mm-hmm completely pointless other than
to add some humanity into it those parts
outside there's a soul like military
infrastructure of you know all this
stuff all that stuff's great you lift it
out a lot of with a caveat with an
asterisk okay
all that stuff's great in the in this
particular movie you'd lift it out all
the little subplots it would make a more
cohesive sci-fi action like a dumb
sci-fi action movie but the raw anomeric
stuff felt out of place yeah although
some of it was slightly charming the
that was unintentionally hilarious too
which I liked those parts there was
there was one scene that turned into
schlock only one current can I get into
a completely different sub topic here
there were a lot of people that were
complaining on our Independence Day
review where you and I loved schlock yes
and we embrace it and and it warms our
heart and our souls
Independence Day 1996 is notch lock no
it's not dumb enough or bad enough
there's a degree to it's right in that
line it's a very fine line which lock is
yes this this has got a flock
particularly we're speaking of the scene
where Judd Hirsch is driving this boat
okay and then the ship which is big
enough to grasp behinds of the planet it
has a gravitational pull that as its own
gravitational pull just comes to attach
itself to the plan just fucks the whole
world up and Judd Hirsch is driving his
little boat there's like oil tankers in
like the White House and every building
in the world and he's getting sucked up
into this tidal wave and dying a little
Judd Hirsch is trying to drive away from
it and he's like oh why did I buy this
boat
could I buy a bowl and it's like what
why would you even what why would you
even say that it's always a that's
schlock and there was there that's the
stuff of the movie anyway
and there's corn II can't be you know
stupid stuff in this movie but yeah but
that that feingold where they don't
realize how dumb it is flock is diamond
diamond to the rock and it's very very
specific now so not every bad movie
Ashlock no and we're the foremost
authorities on what is invisible
don't you dare comment like that special
accommodations to the scene shortly
after that when what city is Vivica Fox
in were they at the washing to the
movies globe-trotting I can't keep up
but the entire city is being destroyed
and she works in a hospital now she's no
longer a stripper and she became a
doctor she became a doctor as most
strippers to Scherzer and you see the
entire city is being destroyed although
everything's getting sucked up and
knocked back down and hundreds of
thousands of people are being destroyed
but she gets to the roof of her hospital
with one pregnant woman and you're
supposed to be like oh no I hope that
one what are not pregnant she has a kid
she has a little baby I hope that one
woman with that tiny babies okay but you
can see directly behind him just like
buildings collapsing lepton no it cuts
to don't say no that's exactly whatever
I'm saying but the like when I first day
first show
Vivica Fox and that some Dylan this
isn't Dylan Hiller the kid yeah little
Smith kids little baby from the first
one he's all grown up and he's a fighter
pilot yeah and it introduces Vivica Fox
who's all grown up and a doctor yes
although she was growing up in the first
one but now she's a doctor and she's
like there's like a like a Mexican lady
who just had a baby it's like I worry
that this cataclysmic earth cast Rafi
with aliens will harm my baby and Vivica
Fox
she says no no your baby's gonna be just
fine and I'm like oh fuck here we go
with the Rolla Nemec subplots and then
they don't show her again she makes a
phone call they think her son and
whatever and then they get up on the
roof and he's flying around in his
spaceship or his hot hot shot a team
fighter with alien technology needs a
mom that's her hospital and then and
then he watches her like like fall into
the the collapse of buildings collapsing
she falls like it was like I had a
little checklist a scratch-off subplot
subplot Kahn I was hoping that Judd the
judd hirsch boat would go i they I
thought he was gonna die there tunas
like oh there's get rid of all the
original characters yes exactly
um instead Judd Hirsch teams up with a
carful little children and that's his
storyline and I think I think I'd like
the filmmakers could like there's like
some sort of weird psychic thing where
they could see me rolling my eyes at
that subplot and they said oh you don't
like that well fuck you now he's going
to team up with a school bus full of
children who all had hats on Dale it's
stupid hats on and then they're gonna
drive to the Salt Flats where Jeff
Goldblum is that for some reason they
end up out there no john hirsh knows
where to go from past experiences he
knows to go to area 51 it's the safest
place on earth until it's not listen Jay
uh I thought this movie was awesome I
thought this movie sucked I thought some
of it was funny bad but a lot of it was
just bad bad a lot of it was boring bad
that was my biggest problem like you
mentioned all the military stuff I like
the setup as we talked about with all
the future technology stuff and then it
gets into the roland emmerich stuff the
globe-trotting or own here then we're
going here the r1 here it actually felt
even more disjointed than the first one
as far as that stuff goes I thought I
didn't it didn't feel the only thing
that felt super out of place was the the
the treasure hunters on the ship kept
cutting to them like we're monitoring
that I was I was the ticking clock
element but it's like we had we reduced
to like like a dozen characters just to
get that
little bit across yeah the Vivica a fox
part like it's it was kind of cool to
have some of the old characters back and
it kind of served a story purpose with
the Sun but the the the structure of the
world was kind of cool and also we
learned what the fuck was happening in
independence day one as I say they
wrecked condit and I mentioned when we
shot our Independence Day discussion I
joked that they were their plan was to
suck up our volcanoes to fuel their
ships I was kind of right you were
everyone thought I was dummy for saying
volcano was a resource everyone thought
I was dumb but I wasn't saying it was a
resource I was just saying that's what
they were using they're gonna suck up
our volcanoes to fuel their ships and
that's kind of what they end up doing
yes they're sucking up our sweet sweet
magma well it's it's a molten molten
iron core the core of the earth because
what they're drilling for and that's
apparently what they were doing in the
first movie I was never mentioned ever
mentioned they're like fuck our aliens
had no purpose in the original movie
maybe we should explain this exactly
because it was utterly pointless for
them to go around and shoot lasers down
on all of our major cities right but
really they just needed to land that one
ship and start drilling into the core
and just go fuck all y'all yeah go ahead
put up the shields set up at shields and
say nice try yeah come get us we know
watch your molten lava mmm
so yeah that was a bit backpedaling
because that negated a lot of the plot
from the first one but hey in this one I
understand what's happening that's true
there's a queen which is also a complete
total ripoff of writing yourself out of
a hole now aboard the Queen Borg I guess
yeah they want to suck the molten core
out of the planet Earth to fuel their
gigantic spaceships and which also fuels
their technology yay a clear goal a
clear goal now
you
brent Spiner 'he's back he's got a lot
of a surprised by how much of this movie
he was in it was great to have him back
I thought he was fun
brent Spiner worked as comic relief I
thought he was really funny in this way
he's like I got to dig out my old laser
that I tried to build yeah you know 25
years ago that kind of works fuck it you
know and he's like shooting it uh he was
he was wonderful in this yeah I was I'm
glad to see data back he even said the
word sickbay mmm it's like I gotta get
you to sick bay
and I'm like my heart skipped a beat
brent Spiner and Bill Pullman bolts have
some sort of like slight psychic
connection to the the aliens or totally
lanes the machete guy yeah the like
there's like a warlord character I guess
there was a in Africa there's some kind
of skirmish with for years it said they
were like all those aliens on those
ships I guess scattered around and we're
running around the planet and still the
war continued which was cool I would
have rather seen that movie it was they
show up at their little village and
there's all these alien skulls on spikes
it was a nice little little touch like
that that's the kind of good
globe-trotting
stuff yeah where it integrates into the
story feels natural and and makes sense
and that's all like Judd Hirsch he's a
lovely elderly man and but he does
absolutely nothing and the entire even
when he finally shows up at the end he
still does lovely he rescues a bunch of
little kids Jayne god bless him he
drives him into the worst danger true if
it wasn't for him they'd just be
stranded in Las Vegas somewhere
they're coming back it has its own
gravity
what goes up must come down shouldn't we
be nervous um yeah
our whole lives built up to this moment
it's touchdown over the Atlantic all of
it
sorry my brain is racing I'm going all
over the place here
I recently sort of watched the Ed Helms
vacation remake where is this going
well well I don't I don't know how
comfortable you are with calling
Independence Day regurgitation is soft
reboot or not it's like Jurassic world
or being introduced to new characters
there's some slight connections to the
previous one which is which is why it's
it's it's in the soft reboot category
share and definitely the vacation was
yeah and I'm like there are there are
those beats there are moments like that
are all just like copied over the part
they get they get in line for the
Velociraptor and then they play the
Chariots of Fire song it's like I'm on
vacation I'm talking about vacation not
not Independence Day and so this one
it's like more or less the same movie
and I know sequels are sequels tend to
be the same movie but it's like we have
that scene where the fighter jets all go
at the ship yeah and the first one they
fire the rockets and they we find out
they have shields scratch that it's a
disaster
this one they fly and it turns out to be
it like a trap by the Queen and and then
like there's even a little rousing
speech at the end we all got a band
together and then a time at the Bill
Pullman speech there's the bill polish
two speeches a Bill Pullman speech kind
of comes out of nowhere makes them seem
like a crazy person it's a little
awkward Bill Pullman sort of
unintentionally hilarious in this movie
yeah but it's like it takes it a little
further there's the I really liked
following the adventures of of all the
the cool pilots I thought they were
there they were fun likeable characters
that there's the Chinese girl yeah the
the the friend who has the man crush on
Liam Hemsworth and so it also has the
female crush on the female he has the
crush on the Chinese lady and then
there's a Will Smith's son yeah and then
they go on a suicide mission too
a bomb inside and kill the Queen but
then they end up inside the alien
spaceship running around right fighting
the aliens in their little ecosystem
that's inside there's like there's water
and trees and they're shooting aliens
and then they pee on the floor
steal alien spaceships it there's lots
of elements that I liked it's just the
overall like one is just too much too
many characters all that stuff like when
you mentioned when they were inside the
ship and it has its own ecosystem like I
like seeing even though I don't like the
design of the aliens their gear ripoffs
but I like when you see them walking
around and they've got their guns and
they're shooting at things like that's
kind of fun goofy sci-fi stuff because
in the first movie they don't do
anything
the aliens yeah so at least we're like
we see that they have this technology
but it you don't really connect it
because they look like tentacle monsters
you know so seeing them actually like
walk around and kind of it you know in
rows shooting things was kind of neat
the first ones dumb this one's also it's
less dumb but you know it's it's not
it wasn't like terribly insulting lead
um and that is it it gets an A for me it
was all over the place parts of it felt
looser than the first one but it also
felt smaller to me this one liked the
idea at the end of the end of the first
one you have all these ships and they're
all flying around and they're all
shooting and I got to get the you know
the at the end Judd what's-his-face
Randy's star whacker and equate flies up
another ship maybe you'll thank me for
this and it's like well how do we top
that anywhere we have all these
dogfights and all these things let's
just have one big alien and that's the
ending and so it's like it's it's like
the effects are of course better but it
still feels so much smaller and scale
and the whole movie looked like it was
shots like when we talked about Man of
Steel at the end when there's all the
city destruction and we talked about it
would show like all these buildings
collapsing and all the CGI then it would
cut to this tiny little set
with like Laurence Fishburne and is the
the paper worker people this movie felt
like the whole movie felt like that to
me oh no like I just felt like it was
these tiny sets or people in front of
green screen
I do everything felt like it wasn't I
don't know if it was just like like they
were adding like CGI ships behind them
like when they're in like the like
hangar bays and stuff like everyone just
looked like there and felt I had like
like prequel flashbacks it's like
everybody looks like they're in front of
greens I thought everything looked like
really polished and good and I didn't
get I didn't get that impression at all
oh god the whole thing like everybody's
just in their little cockpits and then
we cut to these wide landscapes with
just CGI ships everywhere and then back
to this little cockpit or back to people
in a control room at the whole thing and
like the early on there's the
celebration I guess it's the 20th
anniversary of us stopping the aliens
and they're that part they're in
Washington DC and there's like a podium
and there's all the people on there and
they're all in front of a green screen
and then we cut to this massive wide
shot and there's like a stadium of
people but then there's hundreds of
thousands of people outside of the
stadium like way beyond anything that
would realistically happen and then I
thought it was I looked it up because
they're like here's our war hero Robert
loggia and I thought that was a CGI face
but I think that was him I think they
shot it like right before well he's dead
now but I think they shot it right
before he died Oh in looking it up
online but I put him in front of a green
screen and that's what it looks like cuz
like his face doesn't move they're like
look it's Robert loggia and he's just
like yeah yeah it was really creepy
and I thought it was a CGI Robert loggia
which would have been even creepier well
yeah that was my biggest problem acting
with anything is that the whole thing
just looks so funny and small to me
make them pay not going out there to
make friends we've gotten remind them
earth is not for the taking an alien
there's a there's a there's a an apple
product that lands on earth first it
shows up at the moon right and it's like
if we immediately shoot at it
immediately shoot at it and we blow it
up right but these are the people that
are so strong that they can blow the
aliens up but yet they get blowed up by
us yes it seems like a bit of catch-22
or a contradiction right well and don't
they say later when they're talking to
it that it was saying like we have them
we're the only ones that have the smart
up to have the technology to destroy
these aliens but the aliens destroyed
all of us yeah maybe they figured it out
later
I don't know Jake they basically are the
are the they're the species 8472 to the
bork okay so they have this technology
and datas in the room there and they
they they make a trap for the queen
alien but it's she has her own little
backpack that generates a shield then
she comes on and you said you said the
ending felt small but I felt like that
whole sequence was a very big version of
the hangar scene and aliens well know
shared I mean that's clearly what
they're going for but I'm not talking
about in reference to like as a
follow-up to the first movie I don't
know it had so much action so much so
many visual effects so many things
happening I was very satisfied at the
amount of action I'm it's nice that they
didn't say we have to blow up the space
laser that's drilling into the earth
yeah they're like that's a thing that's
happening over there we can't do
anything about that
it is completely dumb that once
physically killing the Queen just I was
gonna make everybody leave yeah or don't
you still gotta get that juicy planet
core yeah that juicy shack me I just
that's organic ship this is like bye
I had years to get us ready we never had
a chance we didn't last time either we
convinced an entire generation this is a
battle that we could win I thought it
was I thought it was campy silly Jeff
Goldblum seemed completely self aware of
how terrible it was that he is the best
part of the movie but at the same time I
loved all the special effects in the
action and I thought it was I thought at
the to our running time it was paced out
well for all that it jammed in there and
I thought it was fun and enjoyable and
I'm shocked that you enjoyed it I was
actually kind of dreading seeing it and
it was better than I was expecting but
it was better in fits and starts
for me whereas like this part's kind of
fun but then I don't care about any of
this other shit and then oh this parts
kind of fun we didn't mention when the
ship shows up on earth it has his own
gravitational pull it pulls up a city
and then drops that city on London which
is fun income that actually felt like a
really rushed scene I was surprised
because that was like such a like one of
the things that everybody remembers and
loves about the first movie is all like
the monuments being destroyed city
destruction and that seemed really
rushed as everything's dropping on
London you see not Thor and his little
ship flying around for like two seconds
oh yeah and it's just kind of over it
was a good ceiling and then the entire
city of London is destroyed and he says
did you pee your pants and I was like
that's a Roland Emmerich moment we
sacrifice for each other no matter what
the cost
that's worth fighting for support the
July let's show them some fireworks
I like Jeff Goldblum I like data's
character he doesn't even have a name
and he says data I like and then the kid
character is fine I I don't know how if
I'll say that I'll look forward to their
future adventures but whatever it wasn't
the most miserable theater-going
experience I've ever had
oh god no that's high praise oh you're
out for a roland emmerich film it did
not feel like like a typically horribly
annoying roland emmerich movie mmm
I would I would dare to say this is my
favorite film of his I've hated every
film he's made from Godzilla to 2012 to
the day after tomorrow the Patriot
fucking drove me nuts I hated that movie
I haven't seen the one about cavemen oh
the bc whatever it is 10,000 bc i hate
even Starrcade i hate all of his movies
this I liked and I'm shocked I think I
need to have a cat scam I thought I
could have tribute it to the a couple
other screenwriters and then I looked at
him one of them had Smurfs three I made
my doctor's appointment I'm so sorry to
say this I'm so sorry to admit to the
world that I liked Independence Day
resurgence
unfortunately I'm giving a thumbs up and
a recommendation or Independence Day
resurgence Jay I'm giving it out
whatever you can't be fickle on half in
the bag I can too I just did no I I
don't know I uh Jay your mother called
she wants to know if she could watch
Independence Day resurgence why do you
tell her you know I'm tempted to say if
you like the first one which I didn't
but I'm to say if you like the first one
you will probably like this one but I'm
not even sure about that because this
what this is really lacking that I think
a lot of people like the first one
lights is one the the general
destruction stuff there's actually not a
lot of that in this and to its lacking
like a like an anchor in the form of
Will Smith which I like Will Smith but
everybody loves him that movie and he is
really what holds that movie together
and this is movie is just sort of a
bunch of different characters doing
things and it doesn't really have that I
think that was the Liam Hemsworth
character is supposed to be that maybe
if my ladies not have and this is I
don't even like Will Smith but I'll say
Liam Hemsworth does not have the screen
presence or the charisma of Ray Smith
yeah so that that's what I think this
movie is really lacking for people that
want to see a nice follow up to
Independence Day I like some of the the
goofier stuff I liked some of it
ironically I was laughing at parts of
the movie I liked some of the
world-building I thought that was neat
early on that stuff was cool
so the rented I don't care all right
well I guess we'll talk on the next
episode of half in the bag okay bye
