Oct 10, 2016
Box Office Number Crunching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLk2LBGkMd4
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/785516336193482756
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153983325512634
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153983709102634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-box-office-number-crunching

Half in the bag.
Fuck movies.
hello and
welcome to half in the bag I'm I'm like
oh my god and we're doing something a
little different today yeah that's
because we have no interest in watching
any of the movies that are out now you
know movies like Miss Paraguay's house
of pedos Deepwater Horizon the story of
an oil rig that blows up
spoilers it blows up that's it
masterminds the movie that looked like
it was going to be so good they delayed
its release for at least a year from the
director of Napoleon Dynamite oh he
hasn't made a hit film since Napoleon
Dynamite when I heard masterminds was
coming out I thought it was a real
release of the film with Patrick Stewart
Magnificent Seven which is a remake of
the ridiculous six not to be confused
with the hateful eight oh and it might
be a remake of some other movie - Jesus
Christ
and lastly the most anticipated film of
the last century Bridget Jones's baby
which would be called Bridget Jones's
too old to have a baby when they said
nursing home the producers of the film
thought nursing a baby but it was
literally a nursing home there's a joke
in there somewhere just wasn't presented
properly I need a little time to work on
that one okay there's a joke in there
somewhere Jay all right you know you
have approximately 26 minutes and then
the episode will be oh okay so we're
going to hold out to the end of the
episode I'm going to work in the nursing
home joke with Renee Zellweger
childbearing and being elderly yes I got
to put all these pieces together okay so
and go timer
well Jay why are we really here today if
not to talk about trashy films that are
out oh we're going to talk about the
trashy films that already came out we're
gonna talk about the box office
so the box office Hollywood is going
down Hollywood is in ruins according to
all these articles and everyone talking
about summer movies we're calling this
the death of the summer blockbuster but
yet we've made tons of money well that's
that's what we have to discuss for
everyone talks about every movies a big
flop but that's not entirely the case
we've discovered let's look at the
numbers yes cuz that's that's what's
important here is not just articles and
Rotten Tomatoes scores it's the hard
facts well Jay I have facts here on my
clipboard you have like a printed out
piece of paper on my clipboard yep like
it like an elderly person I personally
killed this tree okay
although the creation of my smartphone
personally killed a couple Chinese kids
in a factory so what which is worse I
know me I would say that's worth it well
yeah that's debatable
you know many Chinese people there are
who's gonna notice a couple missing oh
my god anyways so I took the the summer
of this year 2016 and I took 25 films
not randomly sampled 25 of the top films
from each month from May to the end of
August we're talking exclusively about
summer blockbusters here summer
blockbusters Batman V Superman Ghost
Busters x-men Star Trek Jason borin Ben
Hur etc well the general rule of thumb
is to find out how much a movie's
break-even point is you take their
production budget and you multiply it by
two to account for advertising and
marketing so of course there are
exceptions to the rule that's not the
case for every movie but then the big
big ones it's a good rough gauge yeah
like Kubo and the two strings for
example which had a production budget of
60 million I'm going to guess probably
didn't have an advertising budget of 60
million because I never fucking heard of
it I I heard about it at what it was out
someone said have you seen Kubo in the
two strings and I said is that a new
hipster band but then yeah movies like
Blair Witch where the budget was five
million and you know they spent way more
than the actual
budget on the movie on the advertising
yes this is always differences but when
a movie costs 150 200 million to make
it's a good it's a good rough estimate
yeah it's an average Jessica Lee and
everything averages itself oh like
Google and the two strings I have budget
a sixty million the total gross and when
I have total gross it's it's worldwide
not just domestic is fifty nine million
so really like if you were to apply this
rule to that we're looking at 120
million and a loss of 61 million dollars
Batman V Superman one of the most hated
films of all time according to an
article I read according to half the
Internet yes the other half of the
internet thinks it's a brilliant
masterpiece budget 250 times that by to
five hundred million worldwide gross
only eight hundred and seventy three
million dollars which means a total
profit of three hundred and seventy
three million dollars and you know those
WB executives think that that's a
disappointment because this was supposed
to be the biggest movie ever how do you
fuck up Batman and Superman and a movie
together right and so you sit there and
you say oh well the movie made almost
four hundred million dollars that's a
lot but they're all like panicking it's
flopping it's terrible we're fucked
because they have taken I'm assuming
they expected a billion in profit they
take that and they say what are we gonna
do with this billion that we're going to
make let's put it here and put it here
let's put it and then they go oh my god
oh we only have 400 million well that's
the cost of like an average home in
Hollywood I'm sure somebody bought a
really nice couch elf off of Batman V
Superman
yes somebody got a really nice couch
maybe just a nice nice small you know
1000 square foot home in the Hollywood
Hills oh do they have 1,000 square foot
homes in Hollywood there's probably one
that's up there okay and it's like the
asking price three hundred seventy three
million its way at the top where the air
is really thin no one actually wants to
live but hey it's in Hollywood oh no no
the air is cleaner up there the smog is
it above this is above the smog okay
yeah so this is the guy who produced the
Batman B's
man-whores ex Neider bought it maybe
that's why his movies are the way they
are because his brain is just clouded by
la smog but possibly that's why every
movie that he makes looks gray well ok
so so you have a situation like that
which is a unique situation because this
is their flagship film that they're
going to use the profits from to fund 63
other films their whole cinematic
universe their whole cinematic universe
so that that's sort of a different thing
but then you got like like random movies
throughout the whole summer and out of
the 25 films I have six that had had a
loss which one had the biggest loss well
the biggest loss clearly was Ben Hur
with a production budget of a hundred
million dollars a total worldwide gross
of only 87 oh my god 87 million dollars
how embarrassing
yes um the second biggest disaster well
one of the biggest disasters in cinema
history was the Ghostbusters remake but
Mike I read an article that said that
it's actually doing okay it was the
highest-grossing opening for a Melissa
McCarthy comedy oh my god it's such a
hit what were the numbers well I did
read an article that was the highest
grossing film of all time about four
female ghostbusters um the budget of
this is quite high at a hundred and
forty four million dollars for a
Ghostbusters comedy multiply that by two
and then you have the total worldwide
gross of only two hundred and
twenty-eight million dollars worldwide
worldwide which is a loss of about sixty
million yeah I remember reading an
interview with Paul Feig where he was
saying that the movie needed to make at
least 500 million to break even
I think they spent a shitload on
marketing for that one right and this is
a good example of where marketing may
exceed you know times to the production
budget right in some cases it may be
less in some cases it may be more sure
and I know this isn't the case with all
the movies on this list but with that
movie specifically I know that Sony was
really banking on that being like
they're one mega blockbuster for the
year they started a new division that
was going to be an entire company
devoted to just making Ghostbusters
Universe movies it was called ghost Corp
mm-hmm and now it's a ghost corpse now
it's a ghost town and all those
buildings that they built all those
production offices are just empty and
paul feig sleeping under a desk well at
least he didn't put a shotgun in his
mouth um and then of course what would
you guess are the other two we talked
about Kubo and the two strings which
which may or may not have lost money
we're not sure but we have two other
films all these other films that were in
the negative yes
I'll give you a hint
okay one was directed by Steven
Spielberg oh that's why I don't remember
it because everybody's forgotten about
the BFG the big fucking giant as it's
known yes uh The BFG budget of a hundred
and forty million dollars oh my god
and worldwide gross of 174 and a
projected loss of 106 million dollars
those are the movies that essentially
lost money right but everything else
made money well what about what people
are saying is like the biggest flop ever
was Warcraft which isn't true
yes Warcraft is considered a big flop
and I was shocked at the budget the
budget was a hundred and sixty million
but in China alone it made two hundred
and fifty ish million dollars worldwide
gross four hundred and thirty three
million dollars but 60 million
domestically no one in the u.s. cared
right China loved it and so they
profited 113 million yeah and that's why
something like Ghostbusters didn't do
well is because it didn't even open in
China because they're scared of ghosts
that's right yes that hurts it's like
Star Wars didn't do well there and they
really pushed it now like look at it
it's got spaceships and robots I did
you're easy get now I'm going to do
loosing Joe quite similarly and then
something the Warcraft does like
gangbusters there yeah I don't think we
quite have a handle on what the Chinese
like and there's like what some other
movie that was like like super big there
and it was like some weird-ass movie and
look what is that and that's like all
those so biggest movie in China it's the
biggest movie ever in a minor well find
you the major uni mama
so yeah like okay
things you consider flops x-men
apocalypse flopped everyone sets flopped
178 million dollar budget oh my god and
a five hundred and forty three million
dollar worldwide take profit at one
hundred and eighty seven million dollars
and Star Trek beyond say same thing very
small profit thirty-four million a
hundred eighty five million dollar
budget when they killin I the biggest
budgets on the whole list Wow
that's actually kind of shocking except
for Captain America the biggest and
Batman so not in the negative but the
studio's wants a Jurassic world yes
I'm flipped back to my 2015 list which I
also did calculations for Jurassic
world's budget one hundred and fifty
million worldwide take 1.6 billion holy
shit yes total gain 1.3 billion but
that's what they're hoping for
that they want that one movie like
that's I'm sure what Warner Brothers
wanted with Batman V Superman that one
movie that's just going to hit there it
doesn't even matter how many of their
other movies you know don't do that well
right it used to be you'd make a number
of modestly budgeted movies I mean even
something like I don't know back to the
future
like that's not even if you count for
inflation I don't think that's anywhere
near something like a budget of a
Jurassic world or Batman V Superman but
there's more movies that make a shitload
of money back then and now it's like
they're putting all their eggs and you
know a couple tiny baskets where a we
need we have like three big releases
this year and they all need to make you
know a billion dollars for us to be
profitable part of the reason to is
oversaturation because one one thing I
looked at which I didn't bother to do
for 2015 because after I did 2016 I
found a pretty even trend and that's
second weekend box office drop off which
is in almost every case above 50% oh my
and in some cases it's close to 70% what
I had set up close to 70 Batman V
Superman x-men apocalypse 65% Suicide
Squad 67%
but even films that are successful you
know Captain America Civil War 59% drop
off oh wow and that made 1.1 billion
dollars worldwide so really you have you
have your opening weekend to make or
break your film because regardless of of
how big of a hit it is or how much money
it's made it almost always gets cut in
half or more Warcraft 70% drop second
weekend and rotten tomato scores all
over the map there there the movies have
bigger budgets and there's more of them
so only one out of ten or one out of
twenty can can really be that big hit
and it's almost like they're I mean at
least everybody's working there's all
these people making these movies and
it's almost like throwing shit at the
wall to see what sticks now and if one
of them sticks then you cover the other
nine but it's become it's it's so like
machine-like and disposable it that's I
was gonna say feels so calculated where
it's not even about the quality of the
movie anymore it's about the making sure
that it plugs in all these elements that
will appeal appeal to all these people
and we've talked in the past about
movies that do additional photography to
account for the Chinese market or they
re edit our movies to make sure that
they appeal to a Chinese market
the one thing that continues and this
sickens me to the core is the
Transformers films they consistently
make over a billion dollars in profit
each film both in the the US right like
it's not like they're just huge in China
it's it's a combination they do well
here and they do well yeah they do you
know two three hundred million here but
when you add in overseas especially
China they it's pulling in a billion
each and
and I was looking to 2017 there's
transformers five coming out oh my god
and then they've already have six and
seven yeah in the works because it's
they're up to five and there has not
been any diminishing returns I don't
think I think it's either been
consistent or getting better yeah I I
think it's because there's no sort of
cultural barrier that the movie has to
get past like those feel like foreign
films in the u.s. I watch them and I'm
like I don't know what's happening I
feel like I'm watching a you know a
Bollywood movie
to get down
man you cannot
haha
let's talk about 2017 so I went through
and I guessed on the budget the the
domestic take the international take and
what the Rotten Tomatoes score is going
to be okay so this is are your
predictions for these are my predictions
so come back to this video in exactly
one year's time yep the end of September
and we'll see and tell us how how how
Mike did The Mummy 120 million dollar
budget that's your guess that's my guess
okay none of these budget entities that
confirmed yet twenty-eight million
dollar domestic take is going to flop
hard because it's called The Mummy even
with Tom Cruise sure so it's gonna it's
gonna have an international take of a
hundred million dollars oh okay so it's
going to make some money
it's going to play very well in Egypt
because Egyptians like Tom Cruise oh of
course
the Beauty and the Beast film which I
was thinking might have been a CGI film
and I have a budget of 75 million but
since it's not it's going to go up a
little okay so I'm going to say a
hundred and twenty million dollar budget
for Beauty and the Beast that sounds
reasonable
a domestic take of one hundred and ten
million and a worldwide take of three
hundred million this is this is a pretty
stable bet absolutely they've been
pretty consistent with those live-action
Disney movies lately yeah a 74% Rotten
Tomatoes score
my mummy score is at 36% by the way the
power rangers film while it will profit
100 million 150 million dollars it's
going to suck it's going to suck hard
it's going to get a twenty six percent
on Rotten Tomatoes and its budget is
going to be 120 million again and it's
only going to bring in 50 million
domestically and it's going to have a
70% drop off at the first weekend
international take of 200 million it's
going to do well in the Asian markets
they like them big robots yes
but it's going to get a terrible review
of 26
around Tomatoes Jumanji now
Jumanji is gonna suck sure I predict a
31% score on Rotten Tomatoes but
remember it is a Sony film oh it is this
changes everything
I made very clear to note that however
even though it's this is this is dipping
into Adam Sandler territory yeah it's a
Sony film but has the rock and it has
Kevin Hart in it oh he's pretty big
right the Central Intelligence film was
a hit a comedy film that was a hit so
the rock and Kevin Hart our new comedy
duo because the rock is so tall and
Kevin Hart is so short right there the
new Abbot and Costello if you don't know
who that is just dust off like an old
book that your grandfather has in his
library and it's it's going to have a
hundred and fifty million dollar budget
it's going to make two hundred and fifty
million dollars in the US and and
internationally probably less than a
hundred yeah so it's going to profit
it's going to profit a lot it's going to
be better in the u.s. than it will
overseas yeah thank you yes
transformers five two hundred million
dollar budget two hundred thirty million
u.s. and nine hundred million
internationally okay putting the profit
near a billion I think it's going to
start to wane I think this will be the
first one that dips below the billion
dollar mark oh in terms of profit right
the Justice League I foresee better
things for the Justice League than I do
for Batman V Superman well I think
they're trying to course-correct at this
point yes yeah that early comic-con
teaser for it they're like look there's
jokes in this they're going to lighten
it up yeah budget 250 safe to say
probably 250 movie Superman 250 okay and
all the Avengers movies were 250 yeah
domestic 350 million dollars that's your
guess yeah oh my god less worldwide 600
million
I think it's going to do much better
than Batman vs Superman so yeah I think
they're gonna they're going to make some
some course corrections like you said
you know what that means that means we
may finally get that Aquaman movie we've
all been dreaming of
well the Wonder Woman movie is coming
out before this and a lot of it banks on
that to those whether or not that flops
hard and I and I really don't know I
think it might so if that tanks and it's
like okay hmm but I think people thought
because of the reception to Batman V
Superman that Suicide Squad as a
reaction to that was going to do really
poorly and that didn't really well so
you never know this will be the movie
that it when people look at history and
they'll say this is the point where
superhero fatigue began I feel like
we've been saying that for the last
three years though it's gonna happen
we're gonna hit that superhero fatigue
and it just never happens
and finally the wild-card spider-man
homecoming this is this is this is
problematic okay let me say this
it's problematic one spider-man fatigue
the last two films sucked they sucked
hard I think the strength of love for
Marvel is higher than the spider-man
fatigue however we have a potential josh
trank slash david ayer situation with
you remember before when i asked you if
you knew who john watts is i don't know
that is he's the man who's directing
spider-man homecoming oh he directed the
movie clown
yes about a killer cloud and he also
directed the Kevin Bacon film cop car
yes which I've heard is good I haven't
seen it which I wrote is good it's about
he's a kids steal a cop car
uh I don't know what these have to do
with spider-man I'm a killer clown and a
stolen cop car well cop car was like an
indie hit so that's what they do now is
they take the guy who made the one small
movie that was well-received got good
reviews and they immediately thrust him
into a 200 million dollar franchise
and it always goes well and it always
goes well exactly
okay the Josh Trank effect right um but
then you do have someone like like a
James Gunn you know who did super for
next to nothing and then went on to do
guardians of the galaxy and that works I
and your Joss Whedon too um by Colin
Trevorrow even though I didn't like that
Jurassic world is a huge hit
yeah I mean I guess we could look at are
they going to push him around and say
you and told you that don't do that
or are they gonna let him make the movie
I don't know I think I think it depends
on how much he wants that check because
you have someone like Edgar Wright who's
like they were trying to bully him
around with ant-man he's like I'm out I
don't need this yeah I think most of the
other Marvel filmmakers kind of
understand that they're gonna have to
compromise with some things yeah like oh
you got to shove in you know Thor into
this one scene and they're like okay do
I get that check um so yeah the that's
that's that I'm I'm hesitant to say my
my predictions on spider-man homecoming
well you got to do it alright we've come
this far I think I think it
despite the questions of the you know
uncertainties I think it will do well
I'm I have a budget of I'm going to say
200 million the the Avengers movies are
250 I think there'll be a lot of effects
in action but you don't have to pay
Robert Downey jr. yes you might have a
cameo I don't know but domestic take 300
million international take 600 million
okay so we're talking about a nine
hundred million dollar a movie take not
profit then you - about five hundred for
the film's budget and the marketing
costs yeah a solid hit at four hundred
million dollar profit it's not going to
be a billion dollar Avengers style movie
what's there on tomato scar Oh Rotten
Tomatoes score I have a 72 percent okay
I've a feeling it's going to be better
than the last ones
so those are my numbers numbers are all
listed here in one giant screen image
format for looking at later
and we'll revisit us in a year mark
October 2017 on your calendar so you
remember to come back to this video
October 1st 2017 we'll make a video if
both of us are still alive well Jay did
you enjoy not talking about a specific
movie for once
well it's interesting to look at all
these numbers because everyone always
talks I mean we do it too or like this
movies a huge flop this movies a huge
flop and we use around Tomatoes some
people use it as like a like a hard fact
this movie sucks because the Rotten
Tomatoes score is you know whatever
twenty percent which is never the case
it's an aggregator you shouldn't judge
whether you want to see a movie or not
based on that necessarily but a lot of
people do that's where we are that's
where we are now and some movies that
have low Rotten Tomatoes scores make
tons of money and vice-versa
yeah for some reason Ghostbusters yeah
it was certified fresh' which they now
put on the the blu-ray cases for movies
that do well but they want to make sure
people understand our well received
yeah that's mysteriously Ghostbusters
got a very very high rotten tomato score
and the area I don't know why and yet
it's still one of the biggest flops of
the year yeah I lost a ton of money we
may never know how that happened Jay you
keep talking about this film called
ghostbusters you're talking about the
newly released film called answer the
call oh yeah they changed the the title
for the blu-ray release right yeah I
think it's so did they want to trick
people into thinking that it's a sequel
to the Ghostbusters that came out
earlier this year I think they're trying
to trick people into thinking it was
completely different movie something
might make some money on the blu-ray
sale I should have just called it
Captain America Civil War well we'll see
what next summer brings more big movies
with big budgets making okay money and
Hollywood executives getting fired or
committing suicide when they don't reach
the 1 billion dollar mark like they
promised their bosses I swear this
thing's going to be a next Jurassic
world oh fuck the magic of Hollywood
it's like you could sit out on a nice
starry night in Hollywood and like a
lawn chair and just listen for
