May 7, 2016
Captain America: Civil War
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJvUTFVqwJQ
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/729129574974500864
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153616583077634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-captain-america-civil-war

Half in the bag.
Get out of here.
oh well Jay that was a really great film but so
many weird casting choices casting
choices back you me well for one
nobody had giant beards General Lee was
wearing some kind of metal outfit and
General Grant looked like Chris Evans in
a Captain America suit oh my god you
thought that our Ken Burns made that
great documentary they got so many
details wrong I mean Gettysburg looked
like it took place at an airport hangar
with a bunch of superheroes have you
ever been kicked in the head by a donkey
are you talking about Kevin Smith films
oh no man we just saw Captain America
Civil War and Mike thought we saw
America Civil War oh I wasn't just in
the back masturbating what his job try
to save as many people as we can
sometimes that doesn't mean everybody
but you don't give up Captain America
Civil War follows the lives of different
mothers on Mother's Day
sandy is happily divorced until she
finds out her ex-husband eloped with a
much younger woman now she must learn to
deal with big changes in her life as her
two boys now have a stepmom sisters
Jesse and Gabby get an unexpected
surprise from their mother who is not
happy to find out gabby is a lesbian and
jesse is married to a man of color
Miranda doesn't have any kids and is
focusing on her career kristen is
enjoying life as a new mother but is
feeling pressure from her boyfriend to
get married Bradley is trying hard to be
the best parent for his two girls since
their mom passed away last year however
his idea of Mother's Day is pretending
it doesn't exist at all Mike what did
you think of Captain America Mother's
Day which man of color were they talking
about there were three of them in this
film there was the old one the younger
one and the one with the accent it was a
black panther or something where did he
get that super suit from well there was
a lot of punching I gave it a C+ that's
all yeah I I was bored and there were
some parts that were slightly amusing
and I thought the plot was hackneyed a
simple revenge story from a guy and then
everyone punched each other multiple
times and then it ended this is somewhat
shocking and oversimplifying with a
revenge story it was much more than that
I agree with Mike 100% really yeah Wow
it's a bit of a letdown and it probably
hurts that last night for the very first
time I watched Captain America the
Winter Soldier this is no the Winter
Soldier it is so much better even though
he says there's bad
the Winter Soldier is so much better
yeah even though you have all of these
heroes who are punching each other well
that the two parts didn't quite merge
for me the the airport hangar fight was
fun yeah it had its moments that was a
little goofy
there was a drastically a drastic tonal
shift like the moment that fight started
well the the trailers teased the the
Avengers fighting each other and the big
the big yeah battle on the tarmac with
spider-man and you know ant-man and uh
and that was a little thing and then
there's the dark Winter Soldier esque
stuff that happened later and that was a
real movie it's two movies so mech fight
was the airport fight was a little ol
fun little thing happened in the middle
there's nothing to break up all the
scenes of people talking about morals
and which side of this issue they fall
on and that that's that's my only real
complaint about it is that I thought it
had some pacing and tonal issues but
aside from that I really liked it the
problem is there's no reason there
should be a division on the issue I I
thought they did a good job in the movie
of establishing why there's conflicting
ideals of why would you say that there
should be no because because Tony Stark
Iron Man's of aside now just makes so
much more sense in every conceivable way
that is that just you though cuz I was I
thought the movie did a good job of not
making it clear that there is no one
right answer no no you're talking about
you're talking about people with insane
superpowers taking the law into their
own hands and doing whatever they want
now it sounds like exactly the kind of
thing that Captain America would want to
fight against you think Captain America
would say look at those people with
superpowers that are going to do
whatever they want without any regard
for the consequences we have to stop
them well I was because we had talked
about this I don't remember what movie
were talking about but we're saying it
was odd which sides oh yeah Tony Stark
fell on and but I thought the movie did
a good job of establishing well why they
have a phone besides they do it was lost
Captain America saying he wants to be a
vigilante and more like my friend my
best friend Bucky got rehab so there was
more of him fighting for that cause I'm
sort of like the I don't do this just
accord thing yeah I gotta go help Bucky
I'm gonna do whatever I want because
Bucky's in trouble so that was his angle
with that and there's a personal angle
and then Tony Stark had a personal angle
early on when he it's an issue it's it's
like I think the smartest thing anyone
said in the movie was I think vision
said it he's like you know after 2008
when you Tony Stark became an Iron Man
there were no real problems and that
everything just became worse yeah that's
right it's the villain of the week
problem it's that Spider Man
like how you have spider-man that all of
a sudden now that there's a Spider Man
there are supervillains all of a sudden
like I just died but then there's the
collateral damage issue it's like if the
Avengers weren't there would this
terrible thing that happened just
destroy the world yeah who cares I mean
okay this 16 civilians got killed
well what wouldn't done much worse and
that was a problem is like Tony Stark
and and Captain America have like a
two-second conversation about is is was
Bucky framed I got some evidence up fuck
you sit down just talk it out yeah just
give someone give Captain America five
minutes he's Captain fuckin America to
explain yeah America give Tony Stark
they just got so hot-headed immediately
they needed to or the wind upend the
road of in a movie yeah hence the flaw
is
captain while a great many people see
you as a hero there are some who'd
prefer the word vigilante you've
operated with unlimited power and no
supervision that's something the world
can no longer tolerate you know Captain
America is his list former love interest
is dead his his his best friend has been
brainwashed and turned into a Russian
assassin Tony Stark is sad because he's
been reminiscing about his dead parents
and Pam Potts has left him and he's sad
about yeah Pepper Potts left him and he
said about all the people that
accidentally died because of his actions
in the past and those vitamins good
jumper here's the problem though is that
stuff's fun oh yeah it's not like it's
not like the weird tunnel issues of
something like Batman vs Superman like I
guess we should explain hey we are
having a little contest to see who can
go the longest without machine
comparisons to Batman vs Superman and I
realized I just failed hey I have to sit
in timeout now well this movie falls
into the Batman vs Superman trap where
you darker don't know but a little bit I
mean it doesn't get that no not to the
point where because there's that part in
Batman vs Superman that we were joking
about it's too late we're past the point
of no return now seal is broken but I
know there's that part we talked about
with uh what's mock Kent's and she does
a little quip after almost getting blown
up or whatever and it feels really out
of place and weird and this movie has a
little bit of that but the the fun comic
book II quippy stuff is fun in its own
right it's just it's just a shift it's
just an vs. Superman state dark and
miserable
but that's that's almost worse though if
there's nothing better dating in it I I
thought the the more dramatic stuff was
was handled pretty well illness I
thought there was some pacing issues
with it and then you get to the the fun
exciting everybody's fighting each other
thing and it feels like a different
movie but that movie is all is fun like
it's handled well the way everybody
plays off of each other everybody using
all their different powers Marvel has
has built the cinematic Empire under
their tone they're kind of fun
adventurous tone yeah and what I was
worried about going in and what they
kind of did was they started they stuck
their foot into grimdark territory they
started to sour the broth well what we
want to see in a superhero movie is
political red tape we don't want to see
the avengers headquarters let's go save
the day we want to see like the UN get
involved yeah it delved into the like
what if these superheroes real yeah real
Watchmen territory Watchmen territory
yes and it's like okay now we need its
like them what is it in x-men the mutant
Registration Act oh yeah when it's like
it works better in the x-men and this
it's just it just sort of drains the fun
out of the Avengers when they have to
bring in that the real-world
consequences you know what I'm sure yeah
there's collateral damage but why do you
got to bring that up as our our friends
are no they now all hate each other yeah
but that's the thing is like there's two
ways to look at this you can look at
this is just this movie and be like Oh
for a comic-book movie this one's a
little - a little too dour but Marvel is
looking at the overall picture and this
is the dark middle chapter that's the
Empire Strikes Back never says Empire we
kind of knew who the bad guy was going
forward and what they had to defeat this
is just yeah see I was I was a kind of
expecting like this the sad little
ending well let's just go right into
spoilers if you haven't seen the movie
spoilers from here on
Captain America and his best friends are
now in a giant tiger somewhere I'm
assuming and what kinda the Wakanda is
is the character's name actually the
Black Panther yes
was this made in the 1960s yes okay that
makes sense well I think it actually
came first though I think the comic book
character can first how do you know when
the Black Panther movement started
cracker
Captain America nobs friends are in
inside a giant tiger a tiger fortress
and it's the Black Panthers Fortress of
Solitude
yes and nkn and Tony Stark is helping
his best friend Don Cheadle who looks
very old I was going to mention that
yeah leave Don Cheadle alone but it was
very old and now a vision if wallace
super God has accidentally crippled him
in a moment of weakness or something
okay so then everyone's all miserable
and Oh Scarlet Witch is in a mental
asylum and I don't know what else
happened but then I was expecting like a
lead into one of the next projects like
the infinity gems or good lord
right gauntlet of powers the purple
faced man mr. mr. meanie mr. yuk is his
name sir yeah yeah um what were the
Beatles characters the meanies right
Blue Meanies him yeah him to come down
and go I'm here to conquer the earth and
then you know Tony Stark tanned to pick
up the phone and call campus America and
then you have really a rally call inside
hands on miserable note and I was a
little disappointed in the grand scheme
of the plot because I think I read some
little rotten tomatos quips and it was
basically like yeah the Avengers are all
fighting each other but it's a bigger
plot by something else that's tricking
them into fighting each other and it was
just a guy who lost his family in Sarco
via and then there was another lady who
lost her son in sarkodie yeah everyone
lost somebody in sarkodie let's
I'm just feel that now this regular guy
is crafty enough to outwit a team of
superheroes technically in the comics
he's Baron Zemo and he's a big villain
though even though in this movie he's
really not he's just a guy but he is
well he's called Zemo he's got the same
name
you
rich what did you think of spider-man it
was fun he you know I mean he wasn't
like 90% of the movie we get a little
bit of him it's in the 15 years there
have been cinematic Spider Man
this is my favorite portrayal of the
character okay it's not it make you look
forward to the solo spider-man yeah yeah
okay it's not the best thing I've ever
seen in my entire life but I think it's
it's it's the most justice Peter Parker
has been done on the big screen
well this one was like a I don't know I
don't want to use the word shoehorned
but he didn't belong in this movie no I
miss I mean if Marvel had the the rights
to Disney's Marvel whatever had the
rights to spider-man earlier they would
try and establish him seeds of him in an
earlier film or something here it's just
like I'm gonna visit this kid that
you've never heard of before
it's the most fun scene in the movie the
scene when he goes until they see where
Tony Stark feels like Tony Stark yeah
he's very dour in this one he's a couple
little moments him coming on like making
comments about how hot at Mei is well
they had to put that in there cuz the
mini cast Marissa Tomei that's every
message board on every website ever is
like I feel weird about being attracted
Aunt May now I was always attracted day
at mate oh do you remember the part when
everyone punched each other and we're
falling neverold is falling crashing and
that guy sure loved his family was the
Winter Soldier really interesting enough
to be the focal point for two films he's
a little indestructible which makes a
boring okay what happened in the film
strangely everyone seems to think that
the UN has actual powers that was that
was the most jarring thing for me well
the UN's they've gotten together and the
UN has decided this thing that roads
like constantly events the UN what's the
UN you know that this isn't like League
of Nations the League of Nations that
was a precursor to the you I know um
they should have had a scene they were
equally as effective
no no they should have had a scene where
though the cab with Captain Rogers
whatever Aaron Rogers was America
Captain America yeah where he titled the
movie he's like he's like alright I'll
sign this Accord and then like some sort
of like horrific monster comes and then
the UN has to pass the resolution
they're all just like should we go let's
go I got a secondary vote from the
Council of the UN Norway is holding us
up yeah red tape and bureaucracy of the
UN and the general incompetence is a
hold and then the monster has killed
25,000 people and then Captain America
just goes I told you and then goes
Avenger how did you fly out of their
headquarters go fight them all and then
that's the end of the movie but we all
love bjur bureaucracy and red tape and
miserable vengeful hatred in our
superhero films you keep saying
miserable I didn't think there was
anything miserable thermic there was
drama but I don't think anything was
miserable yeah I get let me ask you this
cuz you guys are talking about like the
the comic book II stuff scene two phony
and then the serious stuff being too
serious well I was a little jarring when
cartoon Spiderman came out well that's
that's the only thing that was jarring
to me was that shift but right into the
that whole fight scene like that felt
like it was something out of another
movie but it it wasn't like the movie
was constantly shifting tones no I
thought it established a nice tone
throughout the whole thing and I didn't
feel the the bureaucracy is there any of
that stuff was was holding the movie
down no I liked all the scenes with
everybody sort of discussing the issue
and and having fallen in different sides
of it I guess if you like that I mean
you're talking about age of Ultron you
tried watching it and seemed goofy and
silly I watched in preparation for this
I rewatched Winter Soldier and then I
watched age of Ultron right afterwards i
watch some of age of Ultron and that was
jarring because age of Ultron especially
in retrospect right after Winter Soldier
like this is dumb it's an okay movie but
it's it's dumb and it's cluttered and
it's bloated when I saw how great Jason
Bourne movie
age of Ultron is a great goofy
comic-book movie but it depends if you
like the that those the real-world
results or the real-world consequences
superheroes in the real world kind of
thing this is a good movie I
particularly don't I well I like it at
the tone like this really has it because
you would also describe Voltron more
really because I even almost crying
they're all true I like me some schlock
I'm the guy like the Wolverine Wolverine
and Sabretooth fought the early version
of Ryan Reynolds Deadpool on top of a
nuclear reactor and they cut his head
off and it had fell down into the
reactor shooting Cyclops laser beams out
of his eyes which caused a meltdown of
Three Mile Island glorious Sherlock
comic books are schlock and you know
this but do they have to be all the time
well I think because you could also
describe Batman vs Superman as being you
know dark realistic if they were
superheroes real this is own and and
then that's clearly a much different
tone than this movie I think this movie
does a good job of handling the the
comic book elements of it with the you
know the clashing of the real world
without getting too depressing don't
don't you think that what our soldier
handled the kind of political red tape
well I think it better than this yeah
definitely it didn't yeah cuz that was
not even a superhero movie it was
Captain America action movie felt
completely different my only problem
really with the politics in this is just
one side makes way too much sense
as compared to the other side like wait
and what's an argument I think I lean
more towards to Captain America side the
non-valid point is the Tony Stark side
where it's like okay the the UN will
vote that you go fight this the super
monster still gonna have collateral
damage yeah you can't avoid that you
know you know the you know the Man of
Steel fans are gonna be jumping down
your throat after saying this moves up
the mess steel everyone hated Matt Steel
because of that oh no I don't mind it
I'd say it's part of the world
it was weird in Superman because there's
so much of it though it was excessive
and it was Superman actively
participating in it as opposed to the
Marvel movies where there it happens but
they try to you know tone it down I
wanted to clarify this before the entire
internet jump down our throats no I'm
not saying like that I liked the
collateral damage in the Avengers movie
and I didn't like it in that I'm saying
it the UN trying to avoid it by
regulation is pointless because
collateral damage in a superhero movie
or a superhero world is a fact
inevitable inevitable yeah it's an
inevitability it's it will happen just
because you regulate the Avengers
doesn't mean they're you know they are
trying their best there's no proof that
they weren't see that would have been an
interesting little wedge in there is if
they somehow like had evidence or
someone was saying like they are um
reckless or you know because it was the
Scarlet Witch the guy blew himself up
yeah and she she tried to contain it in
a bubble and then she shot him up in the
air and like couldn't control it as a
complete accident as an accident yeah
but if there was like you know what some
character said whoops whoops
accidentally leveled that building sorry
captain and they were joking around or
they intentionally did something and
were negligent if they could prove
negligence which now we're going to
involve legal terms in superhero film I
think approved negligence on the part of
the Avengers where they were majoring
people when they didn't need to they
would have a better case yeah but really
it's like okay and we go regulate you
all right go stop that monster right now
go stop that monster now I don't break
anything don't break anything or make
sure that you don't have any civilians
get killed when it
the entire city is flying up into the
sky and then falls that's how the police
department works right don't they say
every time the cop goes out on a call
they say now make sure no one gets
killed mm-hmm mmm yep
make sure there are no crimes in the
city well rich how does do you know much
about the Civil War comic story I was
just about to so the the spark that
starts the debate in the Civil War comic
book that's about a good decade since
I've read it but there's this group of
superheroes fighting a super villain
whose superpowers he can explode okay
and they punch him which makes them
explode in the middle of a great school
playground that's amazing I know it's
the most shockingly horrible thing in
the comic book Civil War 300 children
died that'll start a political debate
not a cut not a dozen people exploding
by accident in an office building yeah
ma'am they needed something more
shocking visually what is yeah but they
obviously they're not gonna kill a bunch
oh no it didn't have to be children but
I was building hmm it was it was and
this is interesting the way this sort of
builds on everything established in the
previous movies it's not just that
incident it's sort of like the the
build-up of all these previous incidents
and I know that was handled well yeah as
opposed to Batman versus Superman I
would have started screaming at the
Secretary of Defense because he's like
New York Washington I've had what the
fuck how do you expect us to do there's
a giant alien ship like give us a break
Captain America he's oh he's a world war
two ERA man he would have he firmly
should have you started telling that guy
just like just started shouting at all
you get out there you idiot
you only make this worse you saying
you'll arrest me there we
the consequences captain you seem a
little defensive husband along to the
movie would have been over in five
minutes if Captain America said okay
I'll sign this thing now with the UN
resolution can wait can we take care of
this Bucky situation like civilized
adults oh the credits are rolling I have
proof that was not Bucky can I
investigate this yes there's no good
reason why you shouldn't be able to do
that stamped unless there was like a
some kind of like shadow thing behind
the people who are controlling it they
were evil he could have done something
interesting with that huh someone's
controlling the you someone's
controlling the UN you can feel
regulating the superhero yeah yeah then
you have something interesting going on
no rich a guy who has said that his
family died is much more interesting why
are they trying to turn Tony Stark into
Batman
Tony Stark is so much more interesting
this Tony Stark I know he fucked up and
and basically created Ultron and I guess
the character continuity between the
films is nice but such a sourpuss and in
this film they got to get him fun again
before he's just too old I mean look at
look at look at Don Cheadle yeah
he's drying up the man is just drying up
I think they I think the script had to
make him a cripple because he can't walk
anymore
they had no choice I thought he died I
thought he was dead
why didn't think they should have killed
him they need to kill people in these
movies if they really want to go make
this the dark chapter or whatever they
could have killed you need some deaths
yeah you need to really take risks other
than just it gets kind of dark
why do half the superheroes agree to
become criminals to help Captain America
with his weird Russian brainwashed
assassin problem why do they all throw
away their lives
why does ant-man just throw away his
lives a man was ill it was jarring cuz
everybody else had some motivation that
was established but then a man's just
there he's got to be there who are you
finding flaws in the film - I'm not
saying it's a perfect movie absolutely I
thought it was a boy no it's no Winter
Soldier and I don't think any other bar
home movie will be at this point I think
that's pretty clear but I I mean I was
entertained by the movie that's good
there's too much punching I got tired of
all the punching I think I'm done with
superhero movies I'd say you say that
every superhero it's no longer exciting
to me it's just punching as long as I
find new new things to do like I mean
especially this movie where it's really
it's more about the the emotional
conflicts of the characters and it is
just the spectacle or just the punching
well it seems like they can go to routes
like big bad threat like the upcoming
apocalypse movie or enter conflict and
drama there's two stories you can tell
when it seems like there's probably a
bigger canvas of stories I always
reference that story you told me rich
Planet Hulk movies like that and always
he's a big it's Apocalypse it's the big
event I wanna see creative stories I
think that's it see I would say going
back to what you were saying about not
having like a villain of the week or not
having the big big threats this when we
tried to do that I think the villain was
underwritten though as far as his
motivation but I like that it yeah but I
like that at the end it was you know
he's like showing them information about
their pasts and causes them to fight
each other I just wish there was a
little more to him without making him
like a comical over-the-top villain I
guess it's it was fine that it was just
a guy who wanted to you know pull the
strings and make the Avengers fight each
other it just didn't seem quite focused
on that storyline it had all that other
gunk in there - yeah actually I
preferred the earlier sections of the
film but it was just kind of Captain
America dealing with the Bucky issue and
that was that was the focus it wasn't
about a bunch of heroes just crowding
together to fight well that was the
problem with age of Ultron - or it was
like too many things that they're trying
to put in the movie I thought this was
handled smoother than age of Ultron it
didn't feel as clunky or bloated
did still have that same sort of issue
or it's like we got to put this in there
too I think I would have liked a story
that was more focused get rid of the
Civil War aspect almost entirely but
just Kathryn Merrick saving his friend
from the government bureaucracy that
wants to prosecute him for these crimes
that he wasn't really responsible for
yeah well in a more normal sequel that
isn't also trying to be a part of a
cinematic universe that's what you would
get yeah like there's no reason I was I
mention this to you the other day oh
there's no reason for this to be called
Captain America just call it Marvel
Civil War or whatever it's I mean
Captain America is you know just as much
a main character in this as Tony Stark
is just you could yeah you call lassie
Morgan no he's the agitator he's the one
that that really causes the sound war so
it's somewhat appropriate but you're
right could be called Avengers Avengers
Civil War Marvel Civil War it doesn't
need to be I would like to see a nice
follow-up to the Winter Soldier and
that's not really what this is that's a
part of it
Iron Man just a far stronger character
in this than Captain America do you
think it made sense that Iron Man had
Iron Man war machine and vision and but
he also thought maybe he might need
spider-man's help to take him Steve oh
my god with a bow and arrow
it was kind of lopsided
you know what's about to happen
do you really want to punch your way out
of this
who fight
all Reds would you recommend it's kind
of okay J I'd recommend it I like the
more than you guys did I think it's so
many see that's how I would describe a
lot of the Marvel movies there's the the
above-average ones like Winter Soldier
and then there's like Thor - it's like
that alright Thor 2/3 are two o'clock
like that turn to the total schlock at
the end and I think there's lots of good
ideas in this movie I think it's it's
too much for one movie unfortunately as
I thought it don't some of the story
elements don't work I thought a lot of
the the most character and the emotional
stuff words I just know they better
start filming the infinity war before
Robert Downey jr. also starts turning
into a withered husk of his former self
hey you know all I got to do is shine
him up with the goods it's true yeah
that's about it all the time yeah I D D
aging on Robert Downey jr. looked pretty
good do you think there's Robbie Robert
Downey jr. seen they put that in there
just to show him like cuz he makes so
much fuckin money from these movies or
they're like if you don't want to come
back for the next one
we had cartoon you lined up why do you
think they pick such a young Peter
Parker that's true yeah we got 30 years
out of this kid I suppose I would
recommend this film I didn't hate it I
didn't love it I think among riches
Rich's team in the Civil War and then
everyone was mad at each other and I
know that was the point but I don't want
see a movie where one's mad at each
other
the problem is that it's going against
their previous formula everyone's
everyone the friends get together action
adventure habitat adventure hate you and
I'm gonna punch you in the face and I
think that's that's a Marvel strategy
though is to not just I mean if you look
at like especially like I mentioned
watching Winter Soldier an age of Ultron
back to back because some people
complain that all the Marvel movies feel
the same but like look at those two
movies it's like no they don't you know
and then this
only dozen and I appreciate even though
this movies you know a little lopsided I
appreciate that there at least you know
taking some chances yeah you can you can
talk about the bigger picture that
that's that doesn't make this particular
film though super fun to watch maybe
it's the fact that they are all fighting
each other that doesn't quite work
yeah because because at the end of
empire Luke Han and Leia don't hate each
other
yes I was that there's that I mean you
could have done a darker Avengers film
where like the the UN comes together and
shuts down their complex and it's
dismantling it and they have to all go
fly away and hide somewhere and then
they do their superhero acts like
undercover you know the world hates them
you cause too much collateral damage and
they get disbanded and but they don't
hate each other okay still dark things
happen
there's struggles there's controversy of
them causing too much collateral damage
but at the same time it's it doesn't end
with Captain America shoving a shield
into Iron Man's party and breaking his
jaw
all right I've run out of patience
underoos hey everyone
well Jay after recently seeing that
terrible awful shitty film Batman V
Superman it sure was great to see a real
superhero film I don't think I'll ever
get tired of comic book movies now they
can make one every five minutes I'll be
over what I think that's enough downtime
for us we've got to get over to mr.
plinkus house pronto Wow we as in the
three of us yeah yeah mr. piket he told
me he needs his VCR fixed ASAP he's got
to record the Night Court reunion
special that's on tomorrow night there's
a Night Court reunion special I haven't
heard anything about this no me either
huh
but Mike it's after 5:00 p.m. you know
what that means
overtime all right let's go idiots I
mean let's go asshole hey that's more
like it
yeah let's go take a real long time to
fix that VCR
now Jay we're gonna have to try and get
as much Oh tea on this job as possible
if you know what I'm saying right so I
got a plan okay I'll make five or six
different trips to the gas station you
know to get coffee and donuts and you
come down with horrifying diarrhea and
you have to spend hours in the bathroom
how come you can't have the horrifying
diarrhea for a change
that she drinks holy shit what are you
doing jinx each other at the same time I
don't know Hey what oh my god holy shit
that's a crap really that went up I was
like Admiral Ackbar I knew there wasn't
really a Night Court reunion that's an
idea so stupid even hula wouldn't try it
that's right motherfuckers this here's a
civil war oh my god just like that Ken
Burns documentary baseball this here's
butch hey what's up butch used to be a
bouncer oh Jesus my dog is gonna kick
our fuckin ass yeah yeah a bouncer he
used to inflate those bouncy castles
over at the kitty fun world you know the
one on the good side of town so just me
or did this get a whole lot less
intimidating I mean he's still like a
big guy you can probably still kick her
ass the bouncy castle things just should
have lied about that yeah yeah why even
bring that up
oh you don't think that's intimidating
no you don't know Butch's story his
horrifying dark secret butch here he got
fired from the kiddie fun world oh my
god what is he beat up one of the
parents yeah no one day he forgot to
properly secure one of the bouncy
castles and it flew away oh my god with
like children inside oh no no no no
children were harmed but the bouncy
castles are are really really expensive
but apparently it was against the union
rules to fire him just for that so they
framed him for stealing Doritos from one
of the vending machines oh so scared
then I got hired by Tim did a VCR repair
guy rich trained me up real good I can
strip and clean a VCR in under a minute
I can do rewind play tracking head
cleaning I could do betta VHS I can do
those little knobs to keep the VCR from
burning through your cabinet that's
enough
exposition let's just get to the fight
already
Oh
yeah
it's a little short it's a little little
stubby it's still not what I'd like
that's not too bad what about this place
that motherfucker
throws one fucking plate can I get a
sharp end
hey hey there's a winner what's inside
okay here I come
fuck everything's going wrong today yeah
yeah Oh God why are they running close
with a long-range weapon Oh what is this
a gun don't shit now I have the high
ground you fucked with the wrong VCR
repair man
goodbye
fuck Oh
so yeah that's where I'm headed I guess
yeah I mean it really is kind of a
dead-end career so it's probably the
right choice yeah I think I'd rather be
hit in the face with broken bottles by
drunks yeah yeah oh my god Mike
the fuck did you do what do you mean
what'd I do
I shot that motherfucker to death oh no
we talked everything else yeah we used
our words what oh yeah butch decided
he's gonna get out of the VCR repair
business and try and get a job as a real
bouncer and rich had an inoperable brain
tumor his doctors and I were trying to
find a way to tell him it he was only
gonna last like three months tops
well shit what are we gonna do with the
body now
