Jan 8, 2016
The Hateful Eight and The Ridiculous 6 (sort of)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3wiUNRv7sg
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/685650082285416448
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153351364752634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-hateful-eight-and-the-ridiculous-6-sort-of

half in the bag
I don't even know what's wrong with my
face well that was certainly a movie
was that called again
the hateful eight dads Quentin
Tarantino's new movie this was a Quentin
Tarantino film wow I'm shocked
it almost none of his hallmarks she's he
could have told me it was a Woody Allen
film or a Gus Van Sant film and I
wouldn't have known the difference are
you being sarcastic what does that word
even mean hey Jay you know our situation
here in the house is very similar to the
characters in the hateful eight you know
they're trapped in a cabin in the middle
of a blizzard oh you mean a living
nightmare no a living nightmare was
something else a different film I saw
called the ridiculous six starring Adam
Sam one
got room for one mo the hateful eight is
the eighth film from Quentin Tarantino
do you think he intentionally had his
eighth film have the word 8th in the
title the idea seemed so masturbatory
that it probably was done on purpose the
film takes place just after the Civil
War when a bunch of different people get
holed up in a cabin during a snowstorm
because this is a Tarantino movie we
know that they are all exactly who they
say they are and they'll get along just
fine Jay what did you think of the
hateful eight this thing has a
centerfold
I loved his wonted a centerfold of Tim
Roth
now I loved it it was everything I
wanted it to be no I liked the movie a
lot we should point out we did see it in
70 millimeter if you can see it that way
do so I actually saw it twice and it was
an interesting experience because the
first time I saw it is actually
absolutely perfect as far as the
presentation goes the picture looked
great sound was great and then the
second time which is when I saw with you
there's a couple slight things off I
noticed like the alignment was wrong
so you could see when it would cut to a
different shot you could see that new
shot at the very bottom of the frame
like a frame before it would cut to it
so that was distracting it was just a
hair out of focus so that was
distracting and the sound was off by
like two three frames so that was
distracting so the first time I saw it
absolutely perfect and I loved the movie
and I loved the way it was executed in
the way it was presented in 70
millimeter and so it's interesting to
see now like just a couple little things
how they can be off will affect like the
entire experience of watching the movie
I was not well first of all yet the 70
millimeter Roadshow go see it if you can
you get this wonderful book booklet
mmm-hmm and it's a whole experience
there's an overture there's a
intermission mm-hmm it's great yeah and
you can hear that projector thumping in
the back you can you can but you better
not have a sloppy projectionists who
would seem like they didn't carrots I
guess
this is your only theater it's the whole
reason we're doing this is a
presentation of the 70-millimeter
I was I was disappointed in my Roadshow
experience mr. Tarantino I applaud your
efforts wholeheartedly to shoot this
film at 70 millimeter I wanted this on
the fucking IMAX screen you do you know
a 35 millimeter film negative has up to
6 K resolution so there's a whole lot of
resolution in the end of what I would
imagine a 70 millimeter film print would
be much higher than that yes
and then so we watched it and we were
sort of in a regular theater and the
screen was the size so it had the it had
extra space on the top and it was like
this massive image in this wide format
almost just like watching a feature film
on your 16 by 9 TV and I was like uh I
think I think that's going to depend on
the theater I'm sure this there's other
theaters that are showing it in a larger
screen IMAX screen for some I'm sure
this is just what we had you will
exactly make sure you see it in IMAX
because the resolution on this and the
image quality is probably pretty darn
good yeah and it felt like why am i
watching this in font film like what is
the point when it's not properly focused
and - it's not really on a big screen I
don't mean to be like a naysayer or
debbie downer but I was just like ah it
looks good it looks like a movie well I
don't I don't have that that
romanticized idea film that Tarantino
seems to have I mean he's very like I'm
always going to shoot on film blah blah
blah and you know I wanted to see the
Sun film because that's how he intended
it to be seen I'm fine with digital
projection I'm fine with shooting
digitally you have people doing
wonderful things with it all the way up
from David Fincher down to a movie that
came out last year called tangerine
which was shot on a fucking iPhone and
it's like one of the best movies of the
year so that I don't have that sort of
romanticized idea I would have to see a
digital presentation of this movie to
really compare them but the first time I
saw it especially the second time with
you it was things were slightly off but
the first time I saw it it was just like
I don't know that picture looks so rich
like you can tell the difference and the
first time I saw it it was like flawless
presentation I would have liked to see
it on a bigger screen but the fact I got
to see it on film at all is I'm you know
very happy about that yeah well well
issue number two with shooting in the
seventy millimeter format was the
subject matter and it reminded me of
who's the what's a Paul Thomas Anderson
movie master the master have a 70
millimeter yeah with the exception of a
couple of shots on a beach the master
takes place primarily in a church
basement and then this it's like alright
you know ninety four percent of the
movies in a cabin and the ninety five
percent 95 the rest of it is in snow yes
you have a problem with the snow stuff
all those landscape shots were gorgeous
there were a couple they were sort of
like mediocre landscape shots they were
just like oh yeah here it is it wasn't
like there wasn't the visuals weren't
that striking or that above
above-average even it was like
everything and it was average I would
have rather seen Django or fucking Kill Bill
where it's like there's all this shit going on
those fight scenes colors
more variety to the visuals more variety
to the visuals and and if you're like
snowy landscapes are okay but I want to
see like a road movie where people go
across the country and they're you know
we're here we're here we're doing this
and all this is so the whole movies in a
cabin yes see I like that contrast
though I like that because the movie is
so intimate that you're seeing it you
know on this this huge formats
widescreen format so you really get a
sense of the landscape of that Kevin and
I think it's probably Tarantino's
strongest movie visually as far as like
taking something like that where it's
all in one location and and keeping it
interesting you know the the the shots
the camera movements there's lots of
split focus diopter shots all that stuff
to it almost feels like more of a
challenge to try and make something like
this cinematic
this here is Daisy Dahmer coupe she's
wanted dead or alive for murder that Sun
comes out I'm taking this woman to hang
there anybody here committed to stopping
me from doing that the movies three
hours long it did not feel that length
at all to me in fact I knew that the
intermission was supposed to come about
two hours into the movie when the
intermission title came up I was shocked
the two hours had already passed I was
completely immersed in the movie yeah I
mean I don't know who said this movie is
boring it's not I can see the lack of
locations boring people but to me I was
drawn in yeah you always are with his
dialog and and the way the tension yeah
there's always this like really palpable
thick tension in the air even if
something you always know something's
going to happen
yeah don't know what well especially
this movie where there's no nice
characters or there's nobody that is
even close to be what being what you
would call a good guy like there rarely
are in his movies but in this one
they're all horrible people I mean
you're just waiting for something to
happen and I don't know if this is
different with the 70-millimeter
showing of it than a digital projection
of it but the sound - especially adds
that tension with the and that's one of
the things I really liked about the
movie - is setting that cabin and it's
during a blizzard that constant wind
noise we talked about that with Krampus
- oh yeah oh that really like adds to
just like you're just waiting for
something bad to happen grandpa said
butter sound design in my opinion I like
Krampus Krampus needs to get an Oscar
for that fucking sound it won't because
it's Krampus but I agree that it should
get some sort of recognition doesn't
sound and Krampus was this it I didn't
really like oh wow yeah that's great you
know but okay well the films about to
bounty hunters samuel l.jackson a former
Union officer gone into the bounty
hunter business and Kurt Russell who's
known as the hangman because he always
takes in his uh his bounties alive yes
wanted dead or alive but he always takes
him in alive
yes because he wants the hangman to get
his work yeah whatever well Jackson
thinks it's easier to shoot him because
then you know you don't have to sleep
with one eye open right and then uh and
his bounty is played by Jennifer Jason
Leigh Jennifer Jason's my favorite part
of the movie yes I loved her in this and
like you said you're you feel bad for
her at first she just turns out to be a
horrible monster monster in some way yes
you're not likeable characters but your
empathy is constantly shifting even
though you don't they're none of them
are good people but there are moments
where you kind of understand them but
then they do something awful that shifts
your focus to somebody else you mainly
relate to samuel l.jackson and Kurt
Russell and mainly Kurt Russell well but
then Eve any elbows Jennifer Jason Leigh
in the face beaten on are pretty bad but
Sam Jackson talks about how he just
loves murdering white people yeah okay
scratch this that's what that's
alexjuanes film although you wants you
root for Sam Jackson at the end sure
more or less kind of kind of the
premises they stop at Minnie's
haberdashery sort of like a old-timey
hotel yes - and a blizzard is coming and
then they meet some unsavory characters
there there's a little you know this is
suspected that they're there to save
Jennifer Jason Leigh yeah right now one
of them is in cahoots with Rhodes and
there's a plot and then I think at this
point will say spoilers because I was
already gonna slip which a character
dies early in the film so we're gonna
say spoilers from here on out if you
plan to see the hateful eight BAM you've
been warned trigger warning trigger
warning there's lots of guns that's what
I mean oh that's what triggers something
there's a warning there's lots of people
pulling triggers in this movie
so now that we've said spoilers
yeah they show up at Minnie's
haberdashery and and can I say this the
very first thing I noticed
what's-his-face the old man Brewster
Brewster bristle burger and chair and
there's a chessboard out and then the
chair next was empty so you're like
who's he playing chess with yeah but
then I noticed the chessboard and then I
was like okay for some reason it's stuck
out in my brain and then later on the
film progresses and basically it's it's
a stage production in in a cabin and all
these characters are there in samuel
l.jackson and Kurt Russell are trying to
figure out who everybody is and
everyone's interacting and then we find
out Bruce Dern is a former Confederate
General yes and of course samuel
l.jackson fought on the Union side and
so it's like oh you know and and we
discover that he may have killed his son
there's a bounty there's all these
things going on and then um this is
where I didn't the movie took a turn for
me and this is where I started to not
like the movie okay let me let me
explain um I talked about Sam Jackson's
reveal to Bruce Dern here
Sam Jackson they're having dinners and
then Sam Jackson goes over and gets a
bowl of stew and brings it over to Bruce
Dern and he's like here and then Walton
Goggins stands up and he's like you know
because he's like a southern guy yeah
and and he had he has respect for the
general and they had this whole scene
earlier on there's a lot going on but
let me get to my point he stands up and
Samuel Jackson mm-hmm and then so he
starts conversing with the general yeah
and then and then I thought this whole
movie is is an intricate chess game I
thought of the general as like the king
yeah and I thought of you know all the
different people in the film as as his
chess pieces and and when samuel
l.jackson goes over with the the the
bowl and he's gonna is it oh he's going
to get on his side and then and then you
know it's like he's doing a chess move
and there's something going on here
and then and then shoots them and then a
shooter and then it's like everyone's
like here comes all the gore and yeah
and I'm like oh yeah that's right
everyone has to kill each other it's not
just that he shoots him though as it's
more to it you know he he he go to in to
shooting him but and and there's some
depth and and weight to what's happening
he uses his knowledge of Bruce turns
character and says I get that Amy he
taunts him by saying you know I killed
your son and I made your son do some
pretty awful things that you will need
to see the movie - I guess we're in
spoilers as a matter of we talked about
so you don't have to spoil details okay
but anyway my point being the first two
hours of the movie I absolutely loved
and then the intermission happens and
then after that everyone in the theater
I heard someone say now it's time to get
to the good stuff now and it's like okay
and then it's still really good but to
me it was a little disappointing because
he takes two hours to set up all these
characters and all their motivations and
it just turns out to be exactly what we
were led to believe that there are all
in cahoots to save Jennifer Jason Leigh
and it really it just kind of becomes
like this person shoots this person that
person should set person everyone is
horrible and everyone dies and then it's
like okay I enjoyed the part where the
guy gets his head blown off because how
could you not yeah but but at a certain
point I was like oh this is brilliant
yeah this is this is brilliant this
these all these characters all have
their own motivations and angles and
it's going to be this really intricately
written chess game but then it just
turns into everyone shoots each other
see I think it's a little more than
because it really as when that second
half that's when you kind of learned
that Walton Goggins and Sam Jackson are
for lack of a better term the heroes
Walter Walton Goggins has one of the
best roles in the south I really liked
him because he does sort of he goes
through some changes as the movie goes
along and he I guess he's probably the
closest to having an arc but my you know
and I agree that it's unfortunate that
it turns out it's exactly what you
thought it was going to be my problem is
not
with that in concept it's a little bit
with the execution because Tarantino is
known for kind of doing these nonlinear
you know stories and when we get to the
splashback sequence where we see how
those characters got to where they are
that's the one sequence on the movie or
like what we know was going to turn out
so why are we spending so much time on
it it's where that comes in the movie
over that that's that's the only issue I
had with it it's not so much that what
is revealed is just how it's revealed
it's it's shocking when John Travolta
gets shot oh you're like oh he's dead
and this it's like yeah it's it's I
don't want to complain about Quentin
Tarantino indulging in violence but I'm
going to it for me works similar to
Django Unchained where it's not like
it's not that the movie is building up
to that or that's the point of the movie
so much it is the cherry on top the
first two hours is the meat of the movie
and then all that last stuff is just
sort of that I guess I'm under the the
payoff to be fun why the need for so
much gruesome graphic violence why not
let us be have it did so much fun can
give it people talk about Tarantino's
being like this high art like crash he's
I don't think he ever has been he's a
very I I dislike him as a person a lot
he's very obnoxious well you see how he
reacted to that one guy that was filming
him what are you doing Katie can you not
talk to me just for I just for the
what are you doing
he's like, fuck off
I can't imagine any producer the wine the Weinstein
I think they give him free rein yeah there's
like you sure you what a shoot to 70
millimeter field it's going to cost us a fucking fortune
but yeah and so he he loves his violence
he loves his n-word that's a whole
nother story
yeah but he makes people horribly
uncomfortable well it's my job to ask
you why you think and I am Julian Flay
oh and I'm shutting you down but you
have a responsibility as a filmmaker
surely to explain a little bit no I
don't have any responsibility to you to
explain anything I don't want to not
since that he makes really elevated
schlock he's like a great brilliant
craftsman of like he understands how to
pace the scene the understands how to
get good performances and dialogue all
that stuff but he also really loves
comical over-the-top gore yes and I
think some people don't know how to
interpret that where they were they
think of it as like high art but no but
then he puts this you know these gore
this over-the-top gore in it it's the
combination of those two that makes him
unique the only film that came close to
high art was probably Pulp Fiction just
because it just created a genre and CIA
was material into such a new like way of
telling a story and but yeah you're
right like Tarantino he he loves the the
grindhouse blaxploitation now the
difference between him and the people
that made those is that he is a good
filmmaker he's a good filmmaker and a
good writer yes and I would never tell
him what to do
he can make whatever movies he wants and
it's to me it's just at this point it's
getting a little disappointing that each
one ends in horrific violence and God
bless him man you know I'm not
complaining about violence it's like
sharise bastards like there are some
scenes in that movie like you know that
are so good yeah it's so well-written
and the basement see the basement bars
that that's basically this yeah that's
this whole movie kind of stretched out
where think you're just waiting for the
other shoe to drop and the scene where
the the SS officer comes to the house
mm-hmm and and he knows that they're
under the stairs
yeah the fund of the floorboards it's so
good it's so well written so much
tension and then it's like at the end of
every one of his recent movies it's
excessive violence and everyone dies
yeah and I just want him to make I want
him to take his writing and make a good
well-written well-rounded movie that
just doesn't end in like gore and blood
and guts yeah I think I talked about
this when we talked about Django and
that my favorite Tarantino movie is
Jackie Brown mm-hmm that's the one that
felt like the most mature it has
slightly older characters they're
they're making smarter decisions
so he's materia is a filmmaker and
that's why I like that movie so much
because it kind of is what you're
talking about which is his clever
dialogue the way he executes a scene
without the excessive gore this
particular movie the excessive gore
worked for me because the whole movie
just felt so McCobb like by the end I
was think it's like when did this turn
into a Tales from the Crypt episode like
so like with the tone of this movie I
liked that as opposed to something like
Django which I liked a lot but it almost
felt like the excessive gore at the end
of that was like it felt like the story
was over and then that stuff happened
you know so I don't know I for me it
kind of depends on the movie
I would call him a genius because he is
as far as filmmaking goes chairman not a
mathematical genius not maybe not a
engineering genius but a filmmaking
genius I'm in that category oh yeah
effort what effortlessly that's that's
the thing is like they always feel like
so they see some movies like I look at
like a like Christopher Nolan and if you
think he's trying so hard to come across
this like some grand filmmaker yes those
movies are good but Tarantino it feels
like he doesn't care and he doesn't even
have to try like he just he just shits
out these great movies that's the
definition of style by the way mmm
is doing something good and making a
look effort effortless yeah and so
that's what he does I agree I agree and
I there are some people that I am I know
a said like this movies too long it's
too self-indulgent and I can understand
where they're coming from to a certain
extent I mean it's just like like yes
there's a more concise way of telling
this particular story but that's not
what he's trying to do like he's
celebrating filmmaking and he's
celebrating performance and all these
elements of movies because like story is
just a part of filmmaking because really
you could you could nitpick the story
apart kind of like a couple of things I
brought up like why didn't they march
out the characters right into the snow
and shoot them yes there would have been
more logical but it wouldn't have been
cinematic right and it wouldn't have
been it wouldn't have been memorable
yes and he creates visuals that that you
remember and emotions that you remember
um the way you feel in the theatre when
you see these things happen and it was
interesting too because people don't
know how to respond to some of the
material oh yeah there's always a mix of
gasps and laughs yes like Jennifer Jason
Leigh gets boom yeah the face I heard
someone laugh someone gasped right and
it's like oh and then I yeah I once
against women executive to close-up over
and she looks up and like bloods
trickling down her face it's like that's
not funny
like that that constant like tugging of
emotions yes and then everyone laughs
hysterically when the Mexican gets his
head blown off and you know Daniel 'po
oh i am i laughing at this yeah
Rebecca maker who's with that fella
uh-huh
that's my problem boy I don't know
one of them sells they'll kill everybody
in here now we're talking
let's lower down well Jay I know your
answer yes I would also recommend it of
course with the with the foreknowledge
of at the two-hour mark sit back get out
your barf bag fasten your seat belt
special accommodations to Jennifer Jason
Leigh and in Ennio Morricone you did the
score well those are two my favorite
aspects of the movie and to filming in
actual snow and to know blue screens or
green screens yes you can see
everybody's breath constantly and I'm
assuming that was a set but you can
still see their breath they got the set
um the temperature set to 32 degrees
okay that it's like what they did with
the Exorcist that's great right okay so
you could get real breath great love it
yes yes oh one thing we got to mention
mm-hmm
Tarantino needs to stop with the
spotlights stop with the goddamn
spotlights these unmotivated pointless
spotlights that shine on the tables are
parts of the floor he always does that
a nice stop why stop at Tarantino I'm
telling you how to do your job
Jamie better than it's a minor nitpick
but it's something that I notice or I'm
like where's that lights must have be
coming from it's the middle of the night
in a cabin that has no electricity where
was the light coming from he used the
same DP as the guy who did the film
about the sex abuse scandal in the
Catholic Church with Mark Ruffalo and
Michael Keaton
I don't know what that means
no one said this job's supposed to be
easy
nobody says bill to be too hard neither
I'm shutting your butt down
so we also saw kind of the ridiculous
six kind of uh I watched at all but the
last thirty two minutes I had to watch
it in like sixteen viewings okay the
first three minutes felt like a half an
hour literally three minutes we're
pausing I was like I felt like I've been
watching this for ten minutes well why
if this was such a painful experience
Mike why did we even try to watch it
well was our goal well clearly the
hateful eight and ridiculous six are
both plays on the Western magnificent
seven and we wanted to do a little
comparing contrasting of the two films I
guess it's an apples and oranges thing
but why not well they're both westerns
they're both people in them they're both
in color yeah I guess that's it they're
both a star-studded casts yes
star-studded affair in both film I was
surprised at how many reputable cameos
there were in ridiculous six and I said
oh
everybody likes a check where a man can
trot five miles in this territory
without running into outlaw ninjas
apparently there's some new gang out
there robbing everybody blind Steve
Buscemi's greatest performance when he's
shoving pointment up the asshole of a donkey
oh no I was that before or after the donkey had explosive diarrhea all over the barn
tht was after
okay was it before after he had
explosive diarrhea all over chris
parnell it was after okay do you see the
scene where they go to the doctor I
think I I didn't watch the movie I
skimmed through it so I saw certain
scenes are you gonna discuss a movie you
don't watch Drake
well here's the thing am Sandler he's
out of theaters now he's directing
Netflix he's not my problem anymore an
unrelated news Netflix stock is down six
hundred percent I did some comparisons
between this and the hateful eight
because the hateful eight shot on on
glorious film sixty five millimeters
seventy millimeter whatever a gorgeous
looking movie shot in rough locations
sixty five millimeter image science the
rest is the audio track whatever I think
that negative 65 and then because sound
is separately recorded and I think the
final film print is is seventy okay
the what do they call it an optical
soundtrack right the optical audio
reader check a little thing that the
audio track runs to yeah I don't know if
they do that anymore or if that's how
this was presented sorry back to bashing
Adam Sam yes that's sad well this is
this is the shocking part when I
discovered this the budget for hateful
eight beautiful film great casts a good
good quality movie shot on outdated
expensive technology budget was only
forty four million which I would have
expected it to be more than that mister
no known for doing lots of takes uh that
I don't know I'm assuming he does enough
isn't Woody Allen like he just does one
take and if he wants another take up to
do it like yeah he's very like like
assembly line as far as the way he goes
I know uh
Tarantino is not like a Kubrick where he
does like a thousand takes of somebody
picking up the phone but forty four
forty four million dollars the budget
for ridiculous six a direct Netflix
movie was sixty million
so 20 million less than jack-and-jill
that seemed to be the template for all
of Adam Sandler's theatrical movies
they're all right around 80 million so
this one 60 million but it still it
looks like a TV show and as all these
has been 90s SNL actors in it I mean I
guess there's someone like I don't know
what the going rate for Terry Crews is
but I want to know what the going rate
for Harvey Keitel is because I thought
he was dead Harvey cards Keitel who has
been in Tarantino movies but now he's in
the ridiculous six they had to call in
the wolf yeah who are you people
we are the stockburn brother you forgot
about noses oh he gets decapitated this
and his head fly off in this movie by
Jorge Garcia as I write someone cuts his
head off
well Rob Schneider does Rob Schneider's
play okay
okay so this is a cast of husbands and
it costs a eighty sixty million to make
and and fifty nine million went to
paying David Spade's boat off it was
like a uh but but you know what hey they
had costumes they filmed in in in real
location eliminations some of the time
yeah the time it was clearly a little
full set as I'm sure that they're still
in there outside and they film in the
Hollywood Old West town wherever that is
Back to the Future 2 times maximum
feature three and you know what if the
the problem with the I had with the film
it wasn't as fucking boring yeah it's not
funny at all a donkey sprayed diarrhea
constantly I would love the film I would
so your promise that there wasn't enough
donkey diarrhea there was like a couple
of gags one which I thought was actually
kind of brilliant um but there's the I
don't know if you saw the Steve Buscemi
scene that's so yeah or he's just his
ointment for everything is I'm for
everything in these the same Wayman and
he uses it for everything he's rubbing
it on the lost guy's ball sack and then
he puts it in Tyler Taylor Lautner's
mouth yeah and then he rub well he
doesn't
after the donkey right he doesn't mean
that disgusting order yeah first the
donkey no first the guys crotch
then the donkey's asshole
and then his mouth
and then oh no no then he uses it as it's
important that you get the order right
he uses it as a shaving cream for rush
nighter and then then the kids mouth and
then no in the mouth is last and you
have to have the mouth after the donkey's asshole
well actually technically last
he offers it as lip balm to Adam Sandler
okay
and adam sandler's above that kind of shit
so he does it himself
and then you get to watch a
wonderful wonderful actor rub donkey
anus covered ointment all over his mouth
and kind of go you know is that like
half smile where he just he knows what
he's doing but he wants that check but
yeah Adam Sandler in this like he just
looks so tired and old and it's a
continuation what we were seeing with
pixels where he looks visibly miserable
right where he's just like
he's doing his best space cop impression
yeah he just mumbles I wanted to mention
Nick Nolte to I think the budget went to
resurrecting him resurrecting his corpse
I couldn't understand thank you
I can't fucking understand a word
so you have Adam Sandler
kiss me yeah yeah yeah Adam
Sandler mumbling and then him sounding
like rocks like if rocks were a person
well this is what they would sound like
pile of rocks could talk sound like Nick
Nolte yeah yeah that's true um the scene where they're talking
Nick Nolte doesn't give a fuck
and adam sandler is mumbling
and he doesn't give a fuck
it's like thirty minutes long
that's when I paused it
and I was at three minute mark
yeah
like, fuck
yeah and then um half the
lowman in the West already looking for
it know which way them they're
ridiculous six wrote off two dozen so
much fun now if Frank sock burn is your
father raise your hand there's a
wonderful wonderful little little
sequence where for no reason they run
into Abner Doubleday John Turturro John
Turturro Abner Doubleday is the guy who
invented baseball yeah
and he's trying to teach baseball to a
bunch of like Chinese people probably
building the railroad the Chinese
building the railroad um and he's trying
to teach him baseball and the joke is
that he keeps changing the rules to
benefit him and it's funny the baseball
has all these weird rules like he's on
like two strikes and I'm out and then
you know he's like he wants a third try
and he's like I said three yeah it's
funny he doesn't feel like getting the
ball after the lost guy hits a home run
so he's like hey I don't feel like
getting that just go around the bases
it's a home run
yeah it'sit's a clever little sequence
which is why I'm wondering how it ended
up in this movie and it's also
completely disconnected from everything
else yeah it's like like 15 minutes it
just goes on and it's just this kind of
funny little sequence it doesn't connect
to anything then just ask them then flat
out where's our dad always over there
you know I'll tell them but you have to
play this baseball game yeah I if I were
to guess I would
that was a bit somebody the writer or
somebody else thought of on there
completely disconnected from this movie
and share wouldn't it be funny if you
ran to Abner Doubleday
and he's trying to do the first baseball
game any and is the bit is and some
wonderful little thing got put into this
movie yeah because nothing else is
clever like that
how would Netflix like recoup a 60
million dollar budget
I don't know how their system works I
know their their shows they found like
it's like an average of like three to
four million per episode of something
like orange is the new black or house of
cards but those are like classy shows
that people like and this is like dumb
donkey diarrhea movie but three to four
million is their production budget four
per episode yeah so yeah that's what I
found I don't I don't know I know it
varies depending on the show but that's
I saw that number yeah I don't quite
know how Netflix makes its its money
maybe maybe they needed to write
something off on their taxes we did a
tax write-off quick get us an Adam
Sandler film it's like the fucking producers
we need a scam
we need to make a fake movie
so that we lose money
that's another I think I looked up I
have to double check my facts here okay
to make sure I get the the numbers right
hateful eighths Rotten Tomatoes score
75% okay ridiculous sixes Rotten
Tomatoes score zero I wanted to make
sure I got that number correct I was at
least hoping for six you know
someone must have thought this was a
good idea though because like why else
would you put in the effort to make it a
Western and do it like actual like
period costumes it's not like a
jack-and-jill where it's like he plays
himself and his sister the home animal
and filmed in his house and the whole
movies filmed on a soundstage like this
one well it does have a little bit of
effort put into it Mike did he just
think this was a good idea I don't know
I can't I can't
he's more mysterious than George Lucas
it's true where it's like you don't know
if like there's people around them that
go here Adam here's the next idea and he
goes alright that's fine whatever
yeah or if he's like if he just appears
disinterested on screen and maybe in
behind the scenes he is and he sent
they're laughing and they're having a
good time making this clearly there's a
dip in quality level an effort but yeah
my guess is that since this was the
first of hopefully not many Netflix
movies he made a for picture deal for
pictures okay well that maybe since it's
the first they wanted to make it appear
like they're going to try or that it had
some kind of effort it feels more like a
movie that should be in theaters than
Jack and Jill did yeah that's the weird
thing
but the next one will be you know island
resort adventure
yeah double comfortable shooting
location film Adam Sandler's bed the
movie we're going to Tahiti Adam
Sandler's in a coma and it's just him
sleeping for the whole movie it's a it's
he's in a coma in a hospital in Hawaii
oh yeah and as all of his friends have
to come out visit him because I think he
might die and so they have to go to the
beach and hang out and they get in wacky
adventures and he's always just in the
background
sleeping yeah he's in like a hammock
sometimes and then the end he wakes up
he goes you guys like best friends that
it ends no yeah
we just wrote an Adam Sandler movie yeah
I like that
I can't wait do you think Adam Sandler
cries himself to sleep every night on a
pile of giant money I think all that
happens except for the crying himself to
sleep part do you think he uses $100
bills
as kindling in a fire I think he uses
$100 bills he shoves him up donkeys
asses and then rubs him on Steve
Buscemi's lips that's basically what's
happening metaphorically and the
ridiculous sex it's true that's very
true yeah oh my god the window broke
snow is coming in
oh, shit
Jay we need to figure out a way to get this house off the mountain right now
yeah, or we're gonna freeze to death
oh, yeah
that, too
I was referring to the fact that we're out of beer
oh I get it
those are drunk you know if you freeze
to death you can't drink any beer well
then I guess you're just gonna have to
pour it down my cold dead throat who are
you the alcoholic Charlton Heston drinks
a ton hefty Ben hurry up and get me more
booze I'm so fat if I was Charlton
Heston I'd star in the ten condiments
are we done yeah I think so okay
