Dec 19, 2016
Rogue One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kc2kFk5M9x4
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/810898742073315328
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154195864342634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-rogue-one

Half in the bag.
I'm filled with gas.
boy oh boy I can't believe we planned that
daring escape for mr. plinkus house
after he had his duct taped to the TV
yeah it was a grand adventure filled
with many many memorable characters and
exciting moments and it didn't rely on
on past references don't you agree Jay
absolutely it was a standalone adventure
it's a shame that we did not film it
that's true
what hi I'm rich Miller ski I'm the
Milwaukee city building inspector I'm
here to make sure that your licenses are
valid and that this building is good too
fuck it let's just talk about rogue one
x-wings - our grand moff tarkin Tie
Fighters Mon Mothma 'he's back Princess
Leia
Admiral Ackbar no somebody else was a
different Mon Calamari oh I thought they
cast the same actor and he just gained a
bunch of weight between the last fellow
this one oh no a black was not a real
person
Alderaan added Walkers we go back to
Yavin for remember the rebel base I
clapped I clapped when I saw it I
clapped when I saw Darth Vader
80's cheese 80s tease Lucasfilm logo a
long time ago in a galaxy far far away
but no title crawl oh well I applauded
it for being different
it broke new ground tie fighters as well
as x-wing you'll be that guy and Kundu
booboo honda Babu
you mean butt face lightsaber Jimmy
Smith's basil oregano played by Jimmy
Smits
he's Princess Leia's non biological
father he got blown up on Alderaan
Alderaan that's the planet that gets
blowed up 80s teased 80s c-3po and r2d2
showed up and I clapped I clapped when I
saw them too Mike left because I know
Star Wars I know what that is this is
gold leader we're starting for the
target shaft now Grand Moff Tarkin
lightsaber Lou's milk licensing Star
Destroyers I'm gonna cum did you clap at
any of the new moments and memorable
characters we're there any know like
clap went Darth Vader turned on his red
lightsaber holy shit there was a red
lightsaber and he use the Force
oh my god it's finally here the
beginning of the end of your life a new
day has dawned one in which we get a new
Star Wars film or two every year until
we're all dead the first one is called
rogue one do you remember things that
were in Star Wars me too Felicity Jones
stars as jyn erso diego luna stars as
Calrissian and Dorian MA blonde more
pawn stars as go Vaughn du pan plague
non-fan Vaughn stars as blam supple but
john quinn blah blah
oh stars or guofan blacken hey guys what
did Kathleen Kennedy say to Gareth
Edwards after rogue one got the green
light what you're all clear kid now
let's blow this thing and go home
is it the review are we done
what did you think of Disney's Star Wars
rogue one a Star Wars story by Disney as
whatever is fine I was I was incredibly
bored for the first hour it's because
there's no characters that's the problem
it's incredible it's an incredibly
standard action-adventure story go to
places run from things shoot at things
well the biggest hurdle the movie had to
overcome is the story itself because who
cares how they got the plans to the
Death Star that was my biggest thing is
like well spoilers they get it so I was
like well okay the only thing that they
can do to overcome that is to have
really interesting characters that we
like and care about as they go on their
adventure to get the plans to the Death
Star and they didn't do that these
characters are boring
this one this one got Star Wars wrong in
my opinion
how did I get Star Wars wrong it got the
fan version of Star Wars right it got
Star Wars wrong it was the greatest Star
Wars fan film ever made I'm sure a lot
of people are going to say that too
because it looked and felt like a fan
film because after Star Wars all three
films were done everyone's like hey you
know that's badass that Walker things
are badass that's badass that's badass
Star Wars didn't say they were badass
they were just in the movies afterwards
everyone said they're badass it's like
Boba Fett effect yeah and what the 80
80s weren't in Empire because there's a
badass concept they were in there
because we need a thing in the snow that
got the threat it's a threat right you
can't just keep doing movies that feel
like Star Wars every year because then
it definitely will get old so I don't
well it though look at the Marvel movies
at least the Marvel movies all have
different characters every single Star
Wars movie has to have stormtroopers TIE
fighters they have to have all of these
same things at least the I'm a movie you
get Tony Stark to anything in the
Captain America middle you get Captain
America he has a different personality
in the third sure we can Thor and he's
an Asgard there's a similar tone but
there's very different characters very
different settings yeah and that's the
thing with like the force awakens I know
people can say it's exactly the same
stories new hope they can say Mary Sue
Mary Sue Mary Sue all they want Daisy
Ridley is charismatic as hell in that
yes and she elevates what could be a
slightly underwritten character with her
performance
what do you cover what we're about to
get some uh what's her name Felicity
Jones is so boring in this movie let's
just get this over with shall we
there's nothing like they try to do a
thing where there's like a relationship
between her and her father but we still
don't know anything about her well I was
the driving force I mean her a
connection to her father is supposed to
be the emotional core of the movie but
we don't know enough about either of
them for that to really work well we got
that scene in the beginning when he said
go run to hide oh yeah I remember when
that happened that was the scene that
was the whole scene you just played it
out in real time we didn't get a nice
little scene where like for the father
shows her how to do something on the
farm and they have a little bonding
moment
it was just immediately the bad guy from
the Empire lands by the way he lands
really fucking far away let me at the
walk all the way does he not know he has
a spaceship but besides that I'm okay
with visual things like that was her
drama intention and I was fine notice
that and I was fine with that but that's
the problem is that this this movies
like a drama facade yes where there's
nothing behind it I the moment I
realized movie wasn't working for me was
about halfway through when uh what's the
name Djinn Djinn Ursa jyn erso reunites
with Forest Whitaker's character and
they're having like their dramatic scene
back and forth and that was and I was
like wow I'm bored I realized I didn't
care and
the end of that scene is the the city's
being exploded and she's running away
and first Whitaker's like I'm done
running and Richard eyebolt turned to
each other almost at the same time were
like why he's gonna stand up to that
giant explosion because that's the term
that's the drama it doesn't have to make
sense character wise that's just the
scene that has to happen now that was
one-on-one like prediction I think I
don't know where what video was in but
that Forest Whitaker will die like you
know you remember the cause something
like that I thought like I'm gonna jump
on this grenade like or something like
that I'll hold them off kind of like
what k2s oh did ya I'll hold them off
while you guys do a thing and I'll die
oh no he just stands there he just
basically just gives up yeah and it so
it was like uh what I'll just get on the
ship aren't you going it's not like it's
not like you're too old to move your
walk around you can walk to the
spaceship you would actually be useful
because then he could back up gin on the
the hologram thing that no one believes
her about yeah there you go
he would have been very useful already
have a rock-like fall and break one of
his robot legs and they have to drag
them and you know leave me behind I'm
just gonna slow down go go go some when
talking about this film it's hard not to
think about the force awakens because
they're so dramatically different and
looking back at the force awakens yes in
hindsight it's a complete clone of a new
hope and there were some things in it
that I thought were a little too wacky
but I was just craving that humor they
put the robot in there saying like you
know he was the what's a character from
guardians of the galaxy who says leopard
not Groot the big oh oh Drax and recess
things really literal very little role I
was saying to Dragster in those it's
like cheap humor and so it's like we'll
have that and there is comic relief but
we don't need anything else everyone's
miserable it's very drab and depressing
and there's no spunk there's no heart
it's just it's it's dour it's yeah it's
sort of a catch-22 because you want to
see new things in Star Wars you don't
want to see them reuse and recycle all
the same old shit so this one is trying
to go
for a different tone but you do that and
then it doesn't work as a Star Wars
movie either here's the Star Wars
universe here's the dirty little secret
it's very small and very limited
whenever Star Wars tries to expand
outside of TIE fighters X playing star
troopers and lightsabers it's bad you
get your books and all the extenders
expanded your other people's you get the
space by the wriggles yeah or you get
all it's a gritty war movie and where's
the fun and adventure where's the exact
same thing that we did before it's the
Star Wars I'm saying it it's limited
it's a small little universe that they
can't do much with it's true it's it
feels so expansive and endless but
really it's very edging up the same shit
and and you know what we always we
applaud those those Marvel movies
because they're really good at riding
the line and finding everything that
works and hear of the the think tank of
studio executives said let's do
something different
but not too different right let's do
something safe but not too safe well how
about we do this story and then we can
still have all these things in that
people remember but it's different it's
going to be like a war movie we can
bring Darth Vader back again right and
we can have all the things that people
remember but there they're not because
of fanservice they're there because they
had to be there and I think Gareth
Edwards is a fine action director oh
yeah I would say the final act of this
movie the actual attempt to get the
plans for the Death Star is all really
well executed I thought I liked the when
the eighties and they're shooting at
them and it's all mostly told from like
the grounds point-of-view really
well-executed action stuff but by that
point you just don't care yeah it's
muddled with we've got we've got to get
the thing to the thing and to do this
thing we got to plug the plug into the
wall and it's lots of scenes of people
talking about what they need to do yeah
and there's not really dry and dull
all the there's very few action scenes
in the first hour so the ones that are
there aren't terribly exciting right and
and then we get to the ending and that's
the that's something I was thinking
about when watching the movie I was like
okay
boring boring talking evarin things gray
people are talking about we got to do a
thing okay there's an action scene oh
great
okay those cue me slightly interested
now back to boring talking and this
movie the only memorable things in it
are some of the action sequences when
you take a look at the original trilogy
almost everything is memorable some of
the least memorable things in the
original trilogy are the action scenes I
know there's that freaks there's that
pretty exhilarating lightsaber fight in
a new hope between Vader and obi-wan
well exactly like that there's so many
moments sprinkled throughout all three
films yes a Jedi has Ewoks blah blah
blah but the UOC village is memorable
the Sarlacc pit monster is memorable I
mean like Harrison Ford is a charming
fellow Harrison for is a charming fellow
Princess Leia is a sassy lady got guy
macaque sent is not a charming fellow
he's talking about the memorable
character of casseon was that his name
yes
okay that was Cassio Cassio keyboard
he's yeah it's Cassie and and or and I
remember that because his name sounds
like Calrissian Endor and or yeah yeah
that's a Star Trek reference but Endor
and or and or shuriken or Star Trek
people so there is a planet called and
or and which has the Andorians which are
the blue people of the antenna but then
there's a planet of Endor that has the
Ewok starts with an e shirt but Star
Wars has a history of mocking Star Trek
in their character names
hence the nemedians oh yeah where George
Lucas said that moron Leonard Nimoy I'm
going to show him and boy did he show
him Phantom Menace oh boy
and if you're gonna do these standalone
movies like this they should hold up on
their own and that's another big problem
is that the only memorable things in
this movie are things you remember from
the original films yeah it leans very
heavily on that and I think that's why I
was more interested in the final act of
the movie because it's loosely connected
to something I care about which is a new
home I know that the history of the
story the movie it's the guy there's guy
named John Knoll I don't know if you
know who he is he wrote a story for this
he worked for ILM he's the guy who's on
the couch showing George Lucas like like
CGI Yoda oh that guy yeah his name's
John Knoll he and his he's like a secret
genius he and he and his brother created
Photoshop ah like he's a super smart guy
and he got in like right after I made
Photoshop the most amazing computer
program ever I'm gonna go work for ILM
which is way up and
and he said you know would be a really
cool story around like the time at
George Lucas was like hey what are the
what's the backstory who found the plans
for the Death Star and then you know
it's like George looks long and then
they sold it and then I'm gonna pitch
this idea Wow
I realize there was that much history to
this yeah it goes back a little ways and
so he's the guy who came up with the
story the guy who was ran the computers
that was an official title well if he
ran the computers then why does why does
Tarkin look like he fell down the
uncanny valley
you do everything
I think this is like you fucked if you
do and you fucked if you don't I'll rock
in a hard place or other metaphor I
think there's a few simple things you
could do to make this movie much better
which is one pull out all the fanservice
stuff
the last two minutes of this movie are
like embarrassing it was a fanservice
ejaculation yeah
cut all that stuff out cut all the
little nods the you'll be dead guy shows
up pull that out pull out c-3po and r2d2
make it was awkward that was really
bizarre distracting it was distracting
but but of course everybody applauded
because it's like dangling a shiny
object in front of a cat but yeah cut
out all that stuff make the characters a
little more interesting maybe have less
of them beefed up
Felicity Jones's character and just make
it make it as simple as the story is as
the story should be because it's a very
simple story we got to go here and steal
these plans boom but they have to pump
in all the outside elements too
we needed we needed the kind of
backstory that what's-her-face had she
had a backstory and like not really a
backstory but we got to see her like
daily life on the planet and you know so
but the gin character it's like five
minutes out she's a little girl go hide
in in the bunker
yeah and for us we're to come get you
that's was her backstory hiding the
bunker the Forest Whitaker will come get
you and so well we can all relate to
that um the the the the Chinese men in
this well can we talk about them and you
know why they were in the film yeah yeah
cuz they wanted to show the movie in
China
yes that's I mean that scene when when
Donnie Yen like like kicks ass with his
like staff and beats up the
stormtroopers that was pretty great but
he never did it again
well it's neat because it's something
new considering how everything else was
a gritty war drama the blind Chinese guy
who kicks ass and the comical tough guy
with the machine gun kind of out of
place in that you have Saving Private
Ryan and then you got these like people
who are kind of like fantasy characters
in Saving Private Ryan keep the one
Chinese guy blind Chinese guy he has
some kind of you could say the force
every now and then just cuz your
spiritual connection keep them there as
a spiritual connection
and then f jyn erso
and then maybe one other character
Forest Whitaker he's the guy who helped
her when he she was young and he was a
rebel guy but maybe he's disillusioned
now and she says come on I'm grown up
now
and I can help the rebel rebellion
Forest Whitaker Jenner so blind Chinese
that's all we need
cut the rest and and maybe add in some
kind of scene where gin and and calzone
have like a reason to like each other
where's their bond from yeah yes yes
yeah there was there was a slight moment
when he said you know we're not all
you're not the only one who suffered
loss yeah I've been doing this since
I've been six yeah I expected a little
scene where they sat down maybe in the
side-by-side in the bathtub
a wide shot mm-hmm a lot of negative
space and he said he tells the story of
his wife and children how they gum
gunned down by stormtroopers Oh a back
story uh a bath story um and he tells
the story and and it's like tear-jerking
sure and then they fall in love maybe am
I the only one who wants a little love
in my movie there kind of wasn't this
but it wasn't earned at all it wasn't a
rent and it wasn't established or it
happened at the ends plus he murdered
people I don't blame them for trying to
to do something a little bit more
serious it feels silly when you have the
Private Ryan scenes and they're
stormtroopers it makes it feel silly but
a little pig men shooting go big men
shooting guns but I don't blame them for
trying yeah that's true
III think a lot of people sat down at a
giant table and all talked about what
was the safest and smartest thing to do
you don't want anything that's too
similar to the force awakens you don't
want anything too crazy too specific on
one character like they wouldn't have
jumped right in with the the Yoda
prequel or not I mean like yeah they
want to show look at all the things you
can do with this universe yes we can
tell a part of a story you've already
seen before you really can't do much
against candy buzz oh oh fuck
oh well I would say you when you say
don't take risks and I guess we're gonna
get into spoilers from here on out like
why not um I would say the ending is
pretty risky of this movie just fucking
killing everybody
oh yeah what a great time to release
that around the holidays so you can see
it with your children yeah yeah I
basically had the same ending as a Lars
von Trier film melancholia where
characters just await their demise they
could have very well just Darth Vader
just round them all up and just get in
this prison it's still better than like
like I hated the last couple minutes in
this movie it was so stupid made one of
you mean when they cut to a wax
sculpture of Kari for sure oh that was
the worst that was grandma Tarkin looked
okay I'm still very much I'm not
thinking look great I thought you looked
okay I think it's very I think it's
stupid that they did it it was so
fucking distracting it was it was just
fine someone who looks even a little bit
like yeah no no I I'm totally against
the idea of doing that I thought the
effects looked okay you could tell they
had said uncanny valley effect but yeah
uncanny valley note was not okay has
somebody else is it's not okay in the
context of making the movie I just
saying the effects themselves look fine
but cast somebody else or just don't put
him in there we didn't need him yeah
find a way to write around it yeah
because I'm just thinking I'm picturing
like in 30 years if Disney is still
milking Star Wars which they will be are
we gonna get like CGI Mark Hamill it's
like how long like make new things make
new things please can we talk about how
they're the I remember I said who what
our next in that video that we made were
rich said what our next remember when we
were wondering about the TIE fighter
that confronted Gen also versus this
yeah I'm the plank that wasn't in the
film that's right a different tie
fighter that was shooting lasers and
blew up the platform in it well I'm
gonna assume that relates to reshoots
probably I'm gonna assume so I would
imagine that they weren't vader flying
the TIE fighter
this is a rebellion isn't it IRA bail if
you continue to fight is all that
remains
you become like we are dealing
this kind of town we talk about Darth
Vader and how it was weird it was weird
where there's voice sounds so old it was
like the the filtering of it was not
correct it sounds I know his James Earl
Jones but it just didn't sound like us
well is that it is he's getting up there
he's getting up there that's true but it
was just the tone I was I was more
distracted that it didn't it looks like
a Halloween costume like something
looked weird and I don't know if that's
just like in a contemporary movie scene
that costume looks silly and we're just
used to the old ones and because the
original one was basically a Halloween
costume that's true I have a hypothesis
the costume looks a little bit janky in
this possibly because they're trying to
make it look more like it did in the
first one but it probably wasn't as nice
as it was an empire or yeah no I agree I
think that was the plan even though in
the first one you could see like
fingerprints on it and I think what is
yeah and this it was like you know they
they polished it a lot with the wudu
hide a little too much but yeah it they
tried to make it look janky like the 70s
in 1977 movie but that's sort of at odds
with your gritty war drama yes yes the
Darth Vader looks silly in it I just
know if I was Darth Vader I would not
want to live in a castle surrounded by
lava given his history I thought that
was an odd choice maybe it's just a
reminder it's the reminder yeah does he
rely think I would think living in
constant pain and wearing a suit would
be a reminder maybe maybe it's a
reminder of the last moment where he
wasn't living in a suit in constant pain
okay I remember when I was jumping
around on floating lava that's what
laughs it makes me think about yeah they
did reference obi-wan Kenobi in this
remember they have to they have to look
at all the beats of this Oh all the
meats meats made all the means so that
with a side of blue milk it's like the
picture of the cow or it shows where all
the meat cuts are so the Star Wars of
elements you have to shove in your movie
obi-wan artoo
two blue milk
what's the filet what is that what is on
the cow that's Darth Vader oh oh it's
not lightsabers well talk theater has a
light soon I guess Darth Vader is the
porterhouse steak okay which has a
fillet on it just the light saber itself
is just a flame okay what's what's the
rump roast Jar Jar Binks a cgi
grandma that's why I was kind of shocked
by this movie like not that it's a
horrible movie but they've been so smart
with how they've handled the Marvel
movies and making them consistently at
the very least good that this feels like
a big I mean I'm this movie's gonna make
a billion dollars whatever but for me
personally feels like a big misstep
yeah well this early on in them having
the Star Wars property it feels like an
experiment they're feeling around for
what they can do with the Star Wars
universe seems way too early I'm taking
big risks yet right yeah they plugged in
all their all their safe bets and the
only thing that they didn't like I kind
of looked at this and I'm like you know
I want to see it I need to see it Star
Wars but I don't want to watch a war
movie I don't want to watch them like
unless it's like some really slick like
cool spy movie which they didn't do yeah
it was it wasn't like were this we're
going to assemble this like like crack
team of people to break into I thought
they were going to go on the Death Star
and yeah and break into it and download
the plans and they're gonna is gonna be
like Mission Impossible that would have
been fun what about me but then we still
have to have space battles even there's
a small scale story but we're like you
ever watch the Ocean's eleven movies
I've never seen him I know what they are
yeah fun they're fun they got a Chinese
Acrobat in the first one because he's
the only guy who could fit through this
thing and do a backflip onto this other
thing so that he doesn't trip this like
security alarm they're like we need
somebody who's four feet tall and weighs
70 pounds and who can do a backflip so
they find the Chinese Acrobat and they
hire run their team and they're all the
characters are kind of funny and witty
and sarcastic and
I thought this was going to be that and
I'm thinking like okay that everyone's
Loudon the k2s Oh robot he's so funny
and I thought oh all these other
characters they're going to be I'm gonna
be won over by this film yeah won over
by these characters but it was just like
good I do the thing that we're gonna die
everyone's just gonna die there was no
charm and there was no fun and I think
that's the stuff that's missing Gareth
Edwards I don't know too much about him
other than he made a dour and depressing
Godzilla movie right and that's kind of
his thing and he does it well I think
he's a talented filmmaker I just and I
it's so tough because I don't want to
say like I just want the same type of
Star Wars movie over and over and over
but then at the same time when you do
something like this it's going for a
different tone that doesn't work either
so it's it's I guess like what you're
saying there's just not much you can do
with Star Wars
this this was held up by two things it
was a big remember this big space
explosions and battles and things but it
was supposedly going to be propped up by
two things one generals relationship
with her father and two we all need to
fight the power
the Empire's bad we all need to like the
her speech that she gives you know
really corny even for Star Wars I
thought some of the speech line and this
was corny yeah that could that kind of
stuff like we're oppressed by this
system and we want to take it down can
be a really really rooting for them a
really motivating subject matter but in
this it was just like I don't care yeah
and I didn't care about the the
father-daughter plot so instead of that
make it a fun spy adventure movie and
have that hold the movie up so and so is
going to pretend to be an imperial
Admiral yes yes so they let him in the
room but he's got a masquerade during
the party mm-hmm they got a hologram so
his face kinda looks like oh no it's
starting to malfunction rich you got it
yeah you got it that's when I saw Diego
Luna in the Imperial uniform in Stills
and doing I thought that shit was gonna
have you what did they well yeah the the
hologram that's on his neck
that makes his face look like hi grandma
I've been brilliant grand moff tarkin
what's wrong with your face look like a
circa 2016 CGI nothing's wrong why is
your neck keep sparking maybe that's how
you look like that in this movie we're
gonna get a separate movie explaining
that someone else in disguise yes what a
glitch is you get those lines that you
always see in there is how a great right
right yeah so many like fun clever
things about them
getting into the Empire in getting to
the center of the Death Star wherever
they keep the the plan to download it
their computer cores in the middle yeah
they got to get through all these
obstacles to find it would have been fun
and said it was like the Saving Private
Ryan Saving Private Ryan with a horror
movie I'm gonna go watch hacksaw Ridge
get some joy joy someone film mommy why
are all the characters dying I just I
just I want to go to a theater on
Christmas Day I've been over here that
confers me the funny robots dead that's
a whole nother story
speaking of children they had they had
the premiere of the movie but like a
week or so two weeks before they
involved in the premiere is like 25
minutes they invited some people to
Lucasfilm to the Skywalker Ranch to
watch 20 minutes and they invited you
know your usual suspects of people in
the film industry not not tons of
critics but then website like fanboy
critic website oh yeah yeah and then
they also invited lots of mommy bloggers
I don't know if you're familiar with
this it was called the rogue one event
and there are a lot of mommy bloggers
that went and and also mommy bloggers
it's like I'm I'm sold so and I'm going
to look at the film to watch Star Wars
and it's like I talk about children's
toys and I talk about SAS healthy meals
for your tots and what the fuck and and
I was like oh god they're there they're
marketing team they're behind the scenes
team are going well the trailer did not
test
with mommy bloggers and it we're going
to we're going to have a backlash from
moms and kids moms are going to say I'm
not going to take my eight-year-old or
six-year-old to see this because it's a
violent fucking movie
yeah let's win over the mommy bloggers I
can't show the whole movie the whole
body we can't show the part where we're
Calrissian and or murders people let's
show them the funny parts with the robot
yeah and I betcha with twenty minutes of
the funny parts with the robot Wow and
so I'm curious to see like how this
plays out over the initial release
weekend with all the mommies and little
kids out there like you said you were a
little kid and you watch this it's
pretty fucking depressing and scary what
will you do wouldn't it catch you
what will you do if they break you
if you continue to fight
so many little tweaks so mean yeah
that's the thing it's like there's this
movie code of words if they just tone
down on the fanservice tone down on the
fans or the characters yeah that it's
added some humor covered all the Space
Battleship you can't you can't take out
the fanservice that's the license I know
I know but if you really like it for a
movie that kind of feels like it's
taking chances by being dark and gritty
and killing everybody it still feels
like it's not taking chances it's a
really weird anomaly like it's hard to
wrap my brain around it is it's it's a
it's a Miss it's not a hit it's a Miss
but it's going to please lots of bearded
fat guys absolutely
because I heard the munching on popcorn
opening candy wrappers in my ear I heard
lots of yes
that type of shit it was it was bizarre
masturbatory an ant walker shows up for
the first time oh man you know let it
would it was like being in a theater
with a bunch of perverts watching porn
fuck yeah oh fuck yeah it's Darth Vader
yeah when Darth Vader's lightsaber came
out I I heard so many thoughts it was
disgusting don't did you that is that is
an apt analogy yeah
that is a very afternoon it's Star Wars
part it's only a Miss for us the Star
Wars fans want that what they got they
want what they got yep yeah it's just
sad because it's not going to it's not
it's the Star Wars films even the
prequels and the prequels and force
awakens this is the first one that
doesn't play to a general audience
if you're if you're five or if you're 95
you can get something out of those
movies in some way this if you're 35 to
38 and have a giant beard and you grew
up on Star Wars and you grew up on Star
Wars movies this is the Star Wars movie
you wanna see and you want to go oh fuck
yeah when you see an 80s T walking and
shooting things this is the movie for
you if you're a little kid and you want
to be inspired and you want to discover
the magic of movies go watch something
else because this is a miserable
nightmare if you just want a good story
and you want good characters and you
want something clever that's what this
lacked was cleverness Rich's idea about
Diego Luna wearing the thing that
disguises him as a general so they could
get past this and there is nothing
clever it was just like let's let's uh
let's have everything fight each other
yeah I don't blame them for trying
something different I know I I applaud
their efforts for trying something new
uh tonally I guess yeah but I think this
proves that that doesn't really work
yeah it's a very well made movie
I think the effects on the look of the
world are better than the force awakens
maybe one of the other twelve Star Wars
movies we can look forward to in the
coming decade will prove us wrong it all
comes down to story and characters we
just want good characters and a good
story I think they tried to have have
good characters but they were just too
boring
oh rich yeah you know but you already
know if you like it or not just
somewhere recommendation is irrelevant
it is completely wrong
well mr. city inspector what did you
think of your inspection of rogue one
city inspector oh oh yeah yeah no uh
your your plot to distract me by talking
about Star Wars has worked and I have
forgotten completely about the
inspection I'm going to go now okay bye
I'm going to walk right into traffic Oh
cuz I'm so distracted by the Star Wars
there he goes oh my god did you hear
that
it sounded like he walked right into
traffic sound like a car hit him
