Nov 7, 2016
Doctor Strange
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GwlzbpzyFdE
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/795703559937552384
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154065517982634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-doctor-strange

Half in the bag.
I stood on my scale yesterday, and it said one at a time, please.
while Mike it's been a crazy few months
in sports news I can't believe that the
Chicago Cubs finally won the World
Series and in politics the u.s.
presidential election is over as well I
can't believe that insert criminals name
here won the election it's pretty
strange and speaking of strange finally
released in US theaters is Josh Mora
parenthetical telugu star in karthik
civic Umar Nayanthara and Sri Divya have
you seen it no but I have seen dr.
strange you think you know how the world
works you think that this material
universe is all there is but what if I
told you the reality you know is one of
many if you ever wanted to watch a film
that was a perfect blend of Star Wars
The Matrix Inception Iron Man Batman
Begins Big Trouble in Little China The
Last Airbender and dr. house m.d. then
boo a Madea Halloween is the movie for
you if you wanted to see a different
film altogether then check out Marvel's
Doctor Strange in this new literal
expansion of the Marvel multiverse
universe Eggs Benedict cabbage patch
plays Doctor Strange a man that can do
anything by channeling powers from the
universe he learned this power from
reading books and practice he went to
Hong Kong to try to cure his busted up
hands but ended up becoming a space
magician battling some dudes who wanted
to bring another space God to earth to
become immortal oh and I guess he was
also in love with Rachel McAdams
because if he was just doing magic with
a bunch of dudes he'd be dr. queer now
dr. strange
Mike what did you think of dr. strange
uh it was strange I had no interest in
dr. strange and there were certain
things in the movie I liked but overall
I enjoyed it sort of and but was also
kind of bored and wanting wanting more
hmm
would you be shocked to learn that the
dr. strange character was created in the
60s no no I would not those are the
aspects of the movie that I liked I'll
say this the biggest complaints that
people that aren't really into the
Marvel movies have cut about all the
Marvel movies as a whole is that in
general they have weak villains the
origin stories are always really
lopsided where the first half is an
origin story and then oh so we need to
have a fight a villain in the second
half and it always feels rushed and the
female characters are underwritten and
or unnecessary all those things are
prevalent in this movie and I would
agree that those are the weakest points
in the movie and yet I still really
really liked the movie despite those
because almost exclusively because of
the strength of the visuals and the
creativity of the set pieces well that's
what this movie was it was set piece the
movie which I was fine with in this
particular case it's not like the the
character of Doctor Strange is weak or
the story was weak it was just very
standard it was an excuse to hang all
the weird stuff on yeah yeah but I
wasn't I wasn't um like I've seen ads
for the movie and they're like visually
breathtaking you've never seen anything
like it though are they really pushing
that though yeah that's that's the angle
they're pushing experience the film
critics are raving will leave you
spellbound
when I when I was thinking they should
really push the magic angle cuz I got
the new Harry Potter movie coming out
and the kids will why Doctor Strange
Wyatt wizard battles wizard battles yeah
but they're pushing the the twisty I'm
twisting up New York City inceptions
sessions to mind-boggling but I'm just
like its visually stunning you're gonna
like is the real film Ward scene in 3d I
don't want to be like like an armchair
like visual effects person but I'm just
like I don't care anymore and I noticed
the guy next to me a couple seats done
just goes man I'm chickened out like
they said something like that and I
smelled booze it's a good example of
movie rollercoaster ride yeah
insert joke of me and the little
Halloween cart right here
you're right origin story first half got
to fight this this boring villain and
then we said we great we set up that
origin story for Doctor Strange too well
when he's gonna find another boring
villain I felt this this this great
sense of blandness when I was watching
it because I want I'm sitting there I'm
like you know what I really miss in
movies I miss a villain I just hate and
I didn't hate the villain he's I got
purple eyes I won't do a thing
he's adequate everything in this movie
is adequate I didn't you're introduced
to their secret society of magician
wizards and you're like here's the
stakes you know we can't dabble with
Dark Arts which was our Star Wars II
don't use the dark side it'll lead to
bad things and then this guy wants to do
something and then and then so it's like
that's all there and and I was he calls
him an asshole Doctor Strange calls the
bad guy an asshole at one point and I'm
like I miss movies from the 70s and the
80s I was thinking a big trouble little
China a lot in this movie because white
guy and Asian culture crazy shit yeah
and so I'm like I want Kurt Russell like
just saying weird things and being
stupid I want swearing I want Valle
Garrety I want a bad guy I hate I want
and it's like
so bland we can't do this we can't do
that and and a lot of this was fueled in
the back of my mind by an article I read
that said dr. strange is racist oh yeah
movies racist because it's a man from
the West it's when Western medicine
fails we look towards the east and the
East is all mystical and spiritual and
so the West or its cultural
appropriation of the East and then I'm
like
like clash of cultures is sort of
driving force of the movie well they're
saying that you know when the white man
from the West runs out of options he
goes to the mysticism of the East and
rape sites and that was basically the
articles point and and then I also saw
the trailer for the new Mad Diamond film
before us oh yeah the Great Wall yeah
from visionary director you've never
heard of it's a Chinese film and then
they're saying they're Matt Damon you're
whitewashing and he's like uh I'm just
in the movie they hired me the film's
fuckin made in China by Chinese people
and they wanted me because of my name
and then so and then like it's a
whitewash get oh my god and so
everyone's like on eggshells about
topics I just see a movie where everyone
swears and there's a bad guy hate and
dr. strange is fuckin weird and instead
it's just like tiptoeing on all these
little things and and then I'm just oh
look at the city is twisting around you
did that with her computers I don't know
today I'm gonna say in defense of the
effects cuz we're great well the effects
are great but I think we've often talked
about how like the effects in every
movie are great now to the point where
you just sort of numb to it as you're
talking about now but the problem with
all these other movies is they can do
anything but everything just kind of
looks the same they're they're not very
imaginative you know it's like like oh
there's a CG Ninja Turtle you know and
things like that
this movie is doing things that I've
never seen in a movie before on this
scale so I'm an inception well that's
the thing I was inception because
Christopher Nolan's a wet blanket
he's the we're in a dream world we can
do anything we want Oh a couple
buildings turns and he keeps it very
grounded even though it's a dream world
so to see movie go this far off into
fantasy and I mean there's a whole
sequence that looks like it's like a
like a 60s album covered you know
brought to life and animated and moving
and all that stuff I I appreciated
seeing something that was that Scott
creative and elaborate that actually
went farther than than most of these
modern movies do I guess your
my appreciation for the appreciation for
the movie is completely reliant on the
visuals and the filmmaking because the
story is blind is fuck well yeah I mean
I appreciated the visuals but I mean you
of all people know that a special effect
without a story is pretty boring things
oh sure
I mean well this is someone one side who
said that us Steven Spielberg oh okay
Steven Spielberg's non-union Mexican
equivalent okay what they're doing is
showing off the amount of work that they
generated and it slows the pace of the
film then the story is not the settings
the story is story's plot a special
effect without a story is a pretty
boring thing uh but yeah and in general
I agree with that but this movie for me
just felt like such a breath of fresh
air as far I wish it had a better story
I wish that it didn't have the origin
story if we just went right into
weirdness there's like a five minute
prologue or something well that's what I
would have I would have liked it even
more but just on if the the strength of
the filmmaking and the visuals it was
compared to everything else we see
lately that was enough for me yeah well
the thing is is Marvel's success has
been primarily because of writing the
line and playing it safe yeah that's
another thing I want to talk about is
the humor Beyonce that's a colleague I
am above it all those jokes because you
got to ride that line can't get too
weird can't get too boring
but what's this my mantra it's the Wi-Fi
password god I had the rock songs now
because it was successful in the other
movie with Chris Pratt guardians
guardians galaxy this time it needed to
go in the Deadpool route where Deadpool
did not ride the line they said fuck
fuck you were swearing we're having
nudity we're we're breaking the fourth
wall Doctor Strange need to do that a
little more in my opinion I mean it's
not a bad movie it's a fine movie I was
just bored by all the action and the
only thing I liked spoilers from Iran oh
okay the only thing I liked was in the
end when he does a little trick with the
demon from the other dimension that
ending was amazing there wasn't a city
being destroyed yeah it was actually
destruction being put back together yeah
that was like okay great you know but
hid the whole premise of the ending was
I figured out earlier in the film by
dabbling in the dark arts the Dark
Dimension or whatever that I can do the
spell that that reverses time it shows
him with the Apple like he eats the
Apple down and then makes the Apple come
back reverses and forwards time and so
he tricks the demon in the end in a time
loop and it's like hey and he's jumping
over and I could go through this all of
the direct let me out of this it's
simply a clever thing that he learned
earlier in the film to bargain with the
villain instead of just tons of fighting
and punching faceless henchmen but it's
also a lot of like weird he's like I'm
going off to this weird dimension purple
bacteria
yeah lots of neon lights yeah and I'm
like okay that's great this is fun can
you spend the half of the movie in this
dimension now we gotta do kung fu fights
and we got a run up and down things and
I was like I don't know what's going on
I don't care
so set-piece the movie set piece one
opening with Tilda Swinton which was a
bad way to start the movie I think if
you're gonna do this origin story you
know start it more grounded and build it
up yeah you don't give away all of your
like city bending effects in the first
five so I would have been really
exciting if the first time we see that
is
yes time naturally when Tilda Swinton
shows up and then they go oh fuck it's
the ancient one let's get out of here
even Mystery's over just a little bit of
a parsing they keep it mysterious and so
I was like here's here's everything
here's our whole hand they're a full
house here it is take a look folks
now let's bet I got the whole movie all
I pictured was Hugh Laurie and hahahaha
as I aged with walking with the cane
like popping vicodin the whole time I'm
like I wish you Laurie was cast as dr.
strange he was fine I do like that they
made the character of dr. strange
especially early on like genuinely kind
of unlikable oh yeah I appreciated that
I appreciated it when they did it an
Iron Man well that's the thing though is
unlike Iron Man because Tony Stark is
very arrogant and neither has that same
sort of smarmy attitude but he's also
very charismatic Benedict Cumberbatch at
least the way he plays this role he's
not charismatic so he comes across way
less likeable which I appreciated
there's a scene early on when he gets in
the accident his hands are all fucked up
and Rachel McAdams comes to see him and
they get into an argument and there's a
moment where he just says something like
really cutting and mean and everyone in
our theatre was like oh yeah well she
says um you have a lot to live for and
he's like what like you what like you
and it was like I appreciated that they
were willing to make him that much of a
dick early on yeah I mean Tony Stark is
a narcissist and an egomaniac genius and
this guy's just a genius jerk yeah very
similar storyline though I'm physically
injured I have to repair myself and know
if there comes my superpower and now I'm
learning to do good there's three or
four comic book origin stories that's
pretty much it they all have the same
basic setup yeah but then like you know
there's there's it's it feels it feels
like it's one of those movies that comes
along every now and then where it feels
like it's it's a bunch of ideas from
five other things you know I think the
central character was fine I liked
Doctor Strange for the most part as a
character it's really just the story is
we've seen this before
yeah and the dialogue is weak and yeah
like we've mentioned the humor felt more
forced than usual in these Marvel movies
there's the Wong character and he's the
librarian and
and God benedict cumberbatch comes in
he's like Wang
just Wang like Adele and then he looks
at the camera and waits for applause I
got it real hold for applause I'm
Anthony yeah he's like like Beyonce
she's a great musician and the next
scene Wang is listening to Beyonce it's
like Oh got it there's never that scene
Oh Batman Begins is another one because
guy sure
Christian Bale goes to the Orient that's
still acceptable to say I don't think so
he goes somewhere to Tibet right and
this one it's Hong Kong he goes to Tibet
I think in Batman Begins and then but
that like that training stuff was was
more stretched out and it was more like
in this it's just he's there he's like
fixed my hands out what's this
acupuncture knots in the next scene it's
like I read 70 books I'm done
yeah that's another thing is it's it's
hard to gauge the past like how much
time passes in this movie like how long
has he been training how long has he
been there we don't really know and then
he goes back and he sees rachel mcadams
yeah it's like where have you been I was
like he's only been gone for like a week
it feels like yeah there's not that
crucial scene where he's like he's
broken and and changed it's very it's
very it seems very easy for him to
transition from Western ideals to the
Eastern mythological spirituality stuff
it seems just to bear it like very easy
like I just read some books when and
like Batman Begins it was seem more
arduous
yield you haven't beaten me you've
sacrificed sure footing for a killing
struck and felt more earned and you felt
the passing of time you phoned yeah yeah
and this is just like okay you know and
I'm not expecting this to be like really
brutal and realistic and it's a silly
movie about a guy with the Cape the
composer I'm not sure how to say his
name right Michael Giacchino moujik
giacchino Geonosis Geonosis he did the
Star Trek score Star Trek the Star Trek
this is has the Star Trek music in it
and I don't know since the same score
yeah it's it's same score with like like
slight variations on a couple of the
notes
okay someone out there has to also
notice this because that they played
that same theme it's like the new Star
Trek theme in the JJ Abrams movies okay
and it's the exact same music in this
it's really kind of shocking at um uh
laziness see I I didn't notice it
because I don't remember the music from
Star Trek because so many movies have
the most bland unforgettable most bland
forgettable scores I know what you're
saying with that but I do remember the
Star Trek music and I can't hum it
exactly but I could hear it and and this
is exactly the same so someday someone
needs to put those two tracks together
maybe I'll do it and and just you can
both listen to the tracks because just
trust me on this trust me you put all
your faith in an alcohol and though what
to talking about I'm checking out let's
talk about Rachel McAdams dr. strange is
God case of the not gays Rachel makuu
make great the lady from The Notebook
oh I'm sure buddies me in this movie
she's completely useless doctor so and
so her purposes cases here's the case in
the knock case as a doctor you think you
could cure himself of been a case with a
simple antibiotic Rachel McAdams is
there and dr. strange is they dated his
art is no he's not Liberace in a cape
everybody can t be sure go ahead and
leave Rachel McAdams out and have him
have sex with Kong or whatever his name
101 out of library yeah why not leave
Rachel McAdams out then but you know
they had to establish his medical
practice and the game will love interest
but I thought there was going to be a
Superman moment because he goes back to
the hospital I'd been stabbed in my
heart with something help me Rachel
McAdams and then I have a whole action
sequence and then he's like I've gotta
go and then he's like oh wait
wax on wax off yes mix makes the space
whole and then there's some kind of
Vista beyond him I don't know where he's
going
and I thought we were going to have a
1978 Superman scene where come see these
crazy
I see these crazy landscapes with me I'm
going to take you on this romantic
adventure and we're going to jump
through portals and I'm gonna take you
all over the world and then we're gonna
have a nice smooch on a mountaintop in a
beautiful landscape and then you're
going to wake up at home and say did
that happen
and that would have been beautiful and
lovely what they do instead he goes I
have to go now bye I have to go fight a
guy with purple eyeshadow on yeah with
my magic friends and again something's
happening I don't really know what but I
got to go bye give me a little love
story please give me a little love story
well if you're gonna introduce that
aspect of it or just keep it out
completely yeah cuz I'm sure she won't
be in the next one she has a busy
hospital job like when remember when
they tried to write off Natalie
Portman's
missingness from how did they even do it
I don't remember
he's like Jane Jane has some work in
Africa with the Apes and then they just
like moved on and then she's no she's
gone I think that was a Jane Goodall
joke
I don't really know you're a man looking
at the world through a keyhole you spent
your whole life trying to widen that
keyhole to see more to know more and now
on hearing that it can be widened in
ways you can't imagine you reject the
possibility I rejected because I do not
believe in fairytales about chakras or
energy or the power belief don't less
one's great in this movie yes it's nice
to see her like ice I know that was sort
of a part that also had controversy
surrounding it
because the character in the comics was
like a wise old Asian man so why did
they do that yeah well they were calling
this whitewashing but I think it's sort
of a damned if you do damned if you
don't thing like if you keep the old
Asian man then you have that stereotype
the wise Asian mystical man a kind of
trained ear trainer character so hu you
do that and people complain that it's a
stereotype you change
and then people complain that it's not
like it was in the comics so I think
they just did what they could
and I think Tilda Swinton's an
interesting choice because you don't see
especially a female in that type of role
very often oh so it's shouldn't it be a
gender empowering now well see people
don't know what to make of it yeah it's
whitewashing but it's Jenner and
powering but it's avoiding stereotypes
but I don't even know anymore
I pushed your astral form out of you a
physical form what's in that tea
psilocybin LSD just tea with a little
honey she said she's a kung fu Jedi
Master who's going through chemotherapy
yeah which is great I think this one
seemed like an interesting actress
that's not usually in these type of
movies play that part I think was a good
choice yeah they said she's from Celtic
descent yeah sweet she's Irish didn't
say she's Irish no Simon so like rough
and awful yeah oh my god Irish what does
she drink all day like I've come to
those things with me we had fun together
no you had fun they weren't about us
they were about you not only about me
Stephen everything is about you and
that's there like everyone like someone
Iron Man's a dick tip everyone in the S
sassy and sarcastic and I kind of I kind
of would have just liked dr. strange if
he was just like a bitter broken man him
cracking wise kind of just felt outside
of the character yeah he worked better
when he's played more straight I like
the part where him and tilda swinton are
like she's like you know acupuncture and
Lowell and he's like ow God you know
like holistic shit yeah and he's really
like dismissive of it and and I like
that aspect of him how he can learn but
but we really didn't have those really
crucial scenes where he's awakened yeah
to this this new way of thinking it's
sort of just like turn the page and now
he's done it as they cut the training
sequences all together have it be a
five-minute prologue and have the movie
just going heaven go bargain with
giant's interdimensional monsters and
that's the movie yeah that was the best
stuff I'm Doctor Strange and I'm here if
I have to leave the galaxy now okay yeah
sure I would as something batshit crazy
would have been fine so I don't know
this is sort of middle of the
through the mystic arts we harness
energy and shape reality
travel great distances in an instant
I like it from here to there how did you
become a doctor studying practice you're
speaking for me and missed the mark on a
lot of the the strengths of the Marvel
movies which is their their blend of of
doing something serious and then not
taking it serious like there are moments
in this movie where something dramatic
would happen like at the end when the
one guy who was like very strict to the
you know don't mess with the rules of
nature guy and he's like using you oh
must always pay the mistakes will always
be paid for or he says some line like
that knee walks off and then Benedict
Cumberbatch is like and I and then I'm
like is this a serious moment or is he
gonna go well what do you say we get
some takeout you know like is that gonna
happen
yeah or is am I supposed to take this
seriously like it didn't know when to to
throw a joke in and I didn't know when
to take the thing seriously because he
would joke like the the what's his name
Wang Wang Wang like was also adherent to
the rules of don't mess with the rules
of nature yeah and then so you know
Doctor Strange is like I'm doing thing
that's it has something to do with the
darker it's what we're winning the fight
against the bad guys and he's like is
that okay Wong and he's like well if
it's working ha ha ha ha ha and then
essentially what the other guy says at
the end is the same thing yeah and so
I'm like I'm so drunk now it wasn't a
Jew it was a joke before but now it's
not a joke
where's beyoncé oh we haven't made a
dr. Strangelove joke this whole time Jay
no and we haven't mentioned doctor
Mordred what's that doctor Mordred is
the 90s direct-to-video movie is
produced by Charles bands who's
responsible for puppet master and
demonic toys and all that crap he's a
stand-up guy yeah he's a very very good
businessman and he's very respected air
and honest and well liked
well liked by a lot of people but he had
the rights to do dr. strange at one
point I don't know how we ended up with
him but those rights lapsed and so he
just made a movie anyway and he's called
the doctor Mordred
and the visual effects in dr. strange
the new movie are almost as good as the
effects in dr. Mordred I find that easy
to believe
so Jay would you recommend doctor
Mordred uh no other than I mean if you
like Jeffrey Combs a lot it's pretty
great I do okay it's mostly a pretty
boring movie though like all those full
moon movies we got this fantastical
crazy idea but then 90% of movies is
people talking but would you recommend
Dutch strange
I would it has all the problems we've
talked about it has a lot of the
problems that a lot of Marvel movies
have but for me I really you you seem to
be kind of numb to the set pieces and
the action stuff that's the stuff that
really really worked for me and I I I
thought just as a visual theater-going
experience it was one of the more
interesting movies I've seen this year I
mean we've seen like there's like
psychedelic sixties movies and there's a
couple sequences in this movie that
reminded me of that but but something
done with like modern technology this
elaborate unearthly with 1960s
technology like shooting through a
kaleidoscope
like like weird like trippy stuff like
that I probably would've liked it better
it felt very clean very computer I just
pictured thousands of animators
animating it and sterile laboratory and
it didn't have that same like like wow
this is fresh and different
it just felt like look at this here it
is our computers turn these buildings
isn't that great and I wasn't I wasn't
amazed by that
um and I should have been and that's the
kind of depressing thing is that ending
was neat where they were they were
fighting while time was going slower or
backwards or something yeah something's
very different was happening I was like
wow this this really should be neat but
I'm not finding it very neat is it just
more so that you just weren't engaged in
like the story I think I think that
might be it that's a big part of it and
that is the weakness of the movie but
for me the visuals kind of overpowered
that a bit but you know you're you're
it's always a safe bet with the Marvel
movies and that that's the attribute the
ringing attribute for this film is that
it played it very safe
and and that will work for a majority of
audiences
and it will make a lot of money and it
will get well reviewed they didn't take
a big risk with this one when they
probably should have based on how weird
the character is
well Jay what are next
