Jul 28, 2016
Star Trek Beyond
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_7Pz85XJ7Q
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/758709263178960897
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153795775507634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-star-trek-beyond

Half in the bag.
maybe that's bad hey
Mike did you know that the only company
to still manufacture VCRs is gonna halt
production at the end of the month oh my
god they were still making VCRs up until
now I guess maybe it's time to finally
close up shop hey maybe it's not too
late to fulfill my lifelong dream of
becoming a lighthouse Jay what the fuck
are you talking about
and I'm not talking about the lighthouse
part with no new VCRs being made we're
going to be in business forever
hmm yeah you might be right how else are
people going to be able to watch their
copy of how to have fun with billy-bob
teeth or such classics as the Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles rock and roll
documentary film or the OJ Simpson
workout or more importantly Jay how are
people going to play their Star Trek The
Next Generation interactive VCR board
game oh my god Mike speaking of the Star
Trek The Next Generation interactive VCR
board game have you seen the OJ Simpson
workout no Jay I have not seen the OJ
Simpson workout video looks like nobody
has it hasn't even been cut open unlike
the cold Brown Simpson Oh murder jokes I
killed it with that one
my dad joined Starfleet because he
believed in it
I joined on a dare you joined to see if
you could live up to him it's now time
for a third Star Trek film this time
directed by Justin Lin of The Fast &
Furious films the crew of the enterprise
is back a bad guy wants revenge a
doomsday device is there mr. Scott wrote
the script and there is no dog in the
film white the reference city there's
not a reference city so Mike what did
you think of the beyond directed by
Lucci Ulchi what does that mean Mike
what did you think of from beyond
directed by Stuart Gordon a place beyond
the pines Mike what did you think of
beyond the valley of the dolls starring
Roger Ebert Roger Ebert you'd start on
that building Road did you ever see
place beyond the plain I did not I heard
it was good good well Jay this movie was
awesome I have a feeling we're gonna
have differing opinions no I I enjoyed
it I didn't think it was awesome it's as
someone that did not like either of the
previous movies I enjoyed this one well
this is definitely the best of the three
yes our Trek films it's the best Star
Trek film since and actually it's better
than Star Trek insurrection is it even
fair to call it a Star Trek movie though
and compare it to those other ones yes I
mean maybe this one more so than the
other but in general I think at this
point we're past the point of people if
you want to complain like oh these new
Star Trek movies they're not real Star
Trek like that's kind of moot at this
point because it's we've reached a point
where it's its own thing
no it is I would call this the closest
thing to real Star Trek than I've said
I've seen since Star Trek essentially
died after data exploded
Oh spoilers spoilers for insert which
one is that
Shinzon that's nemesis nemesis after Tom
Hardy Tom Hardy's green green
electricity doomsday device killed data
but for next gen films insurrection is
the closest to a Star Trek film and and
beyond is is closer to a Star Trek film
with the wonderful touches of a great
action and amazing set pieces and humor
and fun this is this watching this I was
like duh because my mind was like
there's there are so many little
references well that's I was going to
ask you about because that's what killed
into darkness for me was all the obvious
ones that even summon or me like me got
and it was really distracting and this
one I didn't get any of them and I just
watched it as its own it wasn't hit you
over the head reference like on you know
like into darkness was stupid yes this
is is taking all those elements that
worked and and putting them into a
wonderful blender and making some really
great smoothie out of it well it's the
first one goes down easy because the
only thing I've liked in the previous
ones is the cast and their interactions
I thought they they all play off each
other really well and then the rest of
the movies sucked this one they play off
each other really well and it's
supported by a decent story even though
it is another the bad guy wants revenge
story it's it's it's not obnoxious about
it well that's the thing that surprised
me there are three things that would
have normally annoyed me bad guy wants
revenge doomsday device and
inappropriate music in a Star Trek film
but for some reason all three we'll get
into that later idling but yeah worked
perfectly yeah I think the core that
like the first act of this movie it felt
so Stark
it was like you have this this cute
little opening that actually had a point
like unlike into darkness yeah it wasn't
like just oh we're all we're good we're
going adventurers and fight it was it
was like the it brought everything back
to the function of what Starfleet is and
what the purpose of it is seek out new
life new civilizations Starfleet is a
giant like like everybody holds hands
and tries to get a long thing it's a big
United Nations of many different worlds
that all like every world that's in
starch Starfleet can become a
protectorate of it it's basically like a
big Universal Universal United Nations
like I said and so they have all these
the the core beliefs the prime directive
and and sort of this ethos like we're
going to we're going to work all work
together towards a goal where we don't
argue amongst each other and that was a
big thing with with Roddenberry and next
gen when next gen started have you
watched that documentary by William
Shatner no where it's like that the
captain's that one no not the captain
that's the ego project right yeah where
Shatner talks more than his interview
subject no it was about the the the
origins of next gen and how it started
off kind of rocky had when Gene
Roddenberry was still alive and he
didn't want the characters on the show
to like have interpersonal conflicts
everyone in the future in the 24th
century lives in a happy world where
everyone gets along
yeah the conflicts come with with
problem-solving and dealing with aliens
and stuff like that well this is the
first one of these new Star Trek movies
to really set that up well yeah we're
there weren't I mean there bones is
cranky and cantankerous sure they all
have their characteristics but in there
it's about the overall worlds you know
people living together but also these
characters specifically working together
right in a way that's they didn't really
do well on the other - yeah you find
everyone has their strengths and you use
it to work as a team and all that kind
of stuff you know with next-gen the
writers were like we want we want all
the characters not to get along and
argue
you know good that's drama comes from
conflict yeah how can we write scripts
without drama this found this found a
wonderful balance of of that old Star
Trek philosophy and mixed in the action
sequences and all the little Star Trek
nuggets and and the way that the
characters acted no one acted like these
were the closest to the original cast
I even like cooked in this Kirk in this
one I didn't really like Chris Pine and
the other two right he there's a lovely
little scene with him in bones where
they're just sharing a drink early on
and he talks about how like oh I'm a
year older than my father was when he
died and it actually makes you give a
shit about Kirk for the first time in
any of these movies yeah that's how Star
Trek to the Wrath of Khan start that's I
was writing of the Wrath of Khan now
traffic on ends this one's closer to
Wrath of Khan than the graphic on one
without a feeling derivative I mean to
absent friends is is the toast after
Spock dies absent friends
they also echo that in nemesis direction
friend absent friends after data's dead
and they do this at the end of this but
in Star Trek to opens up Kirk is an
admiral what is it before your eyes for
most patient your age I generally
administer Retton acts 5 I'm allergic to
retinas exactly cheers Cheers
bones gives him a birthday gift
spectacles and used to wear spectacles
to look at things he's feeling old and
kind of useless wait are you talking
about Kirk or William Shatner time well
Shatner has currently old and useless
I'm probably dead before this review
goes out no happened J james t kirk
played by William Shatner and Star Trek
to the refcon he's like I'm old and and
that that movie had that underlying
theme of and so did insurrection where
insurrection was about nad Merle who
goes off the rails and wants to steal
this this this this
this radiation that's hitting this
planet that makes makes you get youthful
makes you basically it's a Fountain of
Youth essentially but there's this
little indigenous population of people
that live on this planet and it's
against the Federation rules to kick
them off their planet and so Picard goes
AWOL and he's like nope
we can't just steal these peoples homes
it's against our rules you know it's
against the prime directive and and I
like stories like that and this one this
one was my only only downside to it was
guy wants revenge he wanted revenge for
kind of a purpose he was I think he was
military nuts and that also felt
abandoned he felt a little under written
and it feels like they didn't give you
too much information about him until
like right before the end and then they
suddenly dump this stuff on you well it
was a little bit early on but you really
I mean I appreciate that they kind of
doled out the information but it felt
like oh we're approaching the end zone
they just kind of dumped it all there I
mean there have been many Star Trek
stories where former captains go crazy
and do crazy things it was I would I
would say it's serviceable because it's
everything else in this movie that works
aside from the villain that I thought
was kind of under written yeah and the
villain was his name Crowell was his
name Crowell like roll with an O o
crawl like the movie okay okay guy was
very confused they kept talking about
that and I thought they all just wanted
to get together and watch movie crawls
starring Liam Neeson is very distracting
but yeah that that Crowell villain is
played by a idris elba who's a very good
actor and here he just kind of grunts a
lot I am counting on it yeah a little
bit underused Idris Elba was of course
on the office you know Michael I know
needs an away to a sexual history
well thanks perfect because we have now
arrived at Kevin and he has no sexual
history hey how about I just say hi to
everyone at one time that's right he was
I forgot he was on several episodes
directed by Paul Feig oh the director of
the hit film ghostbusters yeah you spent
all this
time trying to be your father
naughty wondering just what it means to
be you you didn't like Kirk I didn't
like Kirk in the previous two films
because they're like which james t kirk
like well he's um he's a womanizer yeah
as everyone knows him kissing the green
lady so he let's make him look this big
rash I'm so awesome guy and he really
wasn't Kirk was very like level-headed
and smart yeah and he wasn't like this
like frat boy and they took all the
characters and just sort of yep to the
the most simplistic aspect of here
except response everybody in yell all
the time yeah but not in this one no no
Spock Asst is more Spock ish than ever
in this one he gets emotional abut Spock
also got emotional in TOS sure Spock
strikes emotions overpower him but only
briefly yeah unless he has has sniffed
magical flowers and power on a hippie
love planet this anarchic shit sounds
stupid Kirk has to beat him with a pipe
in order to break him back alright you
mutinous disloyal computerized
half-breed we'll see about you deserting
my ship nevermind the Stars and Star
Trek shit sounds great yeah
that's a real episode I got to be out of
it I had with this pipe he also gets
emotional in this though in relation to
the Leonard Nimoy Spock which I thought
was handled very well yes it was handled
mostly without any dialogue which I
likes is it was it was very understated
and sweet yeah and the and the what felt
like before the the pointless romance
between Spock and Uhura oh I love to
think kind of got rid of that almost
immediately you should have this back
drawn to your mother it is not in the
Vulcan custom to receive again that
which was given as a gift well but they
get rid of it early on he's like uh we
broke up the first scene they've talked
about how they're breaking up or they
just broke up or whatever but it
establishes this necklace that comes
into play nicely later in the movie mmm
it was a nice like before it's like okay
Spock
Spock's got a we go hers got to do
something yeah original series in the
movies her a check off Sulu and Scotty
to a certain extent didn't really do
anything you know it was always the
trifecta right um check off did nothing
in our meetings Chekov and Sulu is just
crewman their crew members but I mean
they have their character quirks but
like Oh ro would always be like um
picking AB whale sounds or hurrican you
make the whale find out where the whale
sounds are your the you know the
communications officer okay yeah and
then in this one like oh where did stuff
like that yeah she she didn't it wasn't
like every character has to be hyper
charged and so when Smaug adore her I
had their relationship in the first one
I'm like this this feels so forced and
stupid and this one it existed because
it had in previous films and now it's
like Spock wants Spock is like feeling
this this this compulsion to help
propagate his species because they've
been wiped out and he feels like mating
with a Vulcan woman and creating more
Vulcans is a more logical thing to do
and so the conflict with that is is
so subtle so well done and so tasteful
and and I think at the end when he looks
at the picture of the original crew you
know you really get a little bit of
emotion takes over this is where I
belong
yeah I'm going to take the route the
illogical route you guys break up what
you do a typically reductive inquiry
doctor you know Spock if nerd girl says
it's me not you it's definitely you
would you say that this felt like I
think I mentioned this in our into
darkness review or it's the opening of
that movie felt like like the random
episode towards the end of the run of a
TV show when everything feels kind of
stale and forced this whole movie would
you say it felt like a good episode of a
Star Trek show because it felt smaller
in scale it felt more streamlined in a
way that I liked it wasn't bogged down
with convoluted shit everywhere ya know
it other than they like it's hard to
compare it to the TV series because the
TV series lacked budget and this I mean
from a story perspective or it's like oh
they crash land on this planet and
everybody split up and they've gotta get
back together it felt like a like a very
very good Star Trek movie because I
don't know that there was there's lots
of things in this that that were kind of
like pulled from the series I mean they
did they did the swarm in Star Trek
Voyager okay I was sort of like the B
story on the episode there was a the a
story was like I don't know the doctor
doing something I really can't remember
but the B story was there is a swarm of
teeny tiny ships that are coming at us
and they were like shoot the phasers
into it it's not really doing anything
oh shit here they come yeah they're
clamping onto the ship everywhere wasn't
like as violent and over-the-top as it
was in this one but chair they're coming
on board you know it was like a neat
concept I was like that's pretty cool
that's a cool villain the swarm yeah
tens of thousands of tiny ships
attacking you at once is an interesting
concept and the Voyager didn't do
anything with it glad they brought that
back I don't know that was a
pre-established thing yeah why it's
radically different from this now it was
so small in comparison but there was
there's lots of little things like
Scotty references the the giant green
hand you know glowing green hand in
space
no okay I didn't see as someone that
didn't know that was a reference it just
works as a kind of an amusing line a
giant green hand there are lots of
references and I think Simon Pegg may
have been making a reference to Tuvix I
don't know how much science Simon Pegg
knows about Star Trek I always a big
Star Wars guy I have a feeling he
watched every Star Trek show in in order
I mean I'm gonna assume he knows more
than Robert ortt see and Robert Kurtzman
but they made a joke about a McCoy in
Spock being melded together once they
beam back oh yeah that made me think of
David Cronenberg's the fly was that a
Star Trek reference well yeah and and uh
Scotty goes that so that would be the
worst thing that would happen
it was the worst idea ever or something
like that and there's a Voyager episode
where Neelix the happy-go-lucky hobbit
character and Tuvok the emotionless
Vulcan get blended into a new being
called Tuvix
oh my god and they're like it to vixx is
its own thing you know we can't tell it
to separate he's like I like myself now
I'm tuvok's and they're like we can't
force it to come back apart new person
what do we do I don't know all those
ethnic there's lots of ethical questions
in Star Trek that's what makes our Trek
fun is all the ethical questions so many
good
good shows dealing with that and then
there's a lot early you know dumb action
episodes or whatever but it's hard to do
an ethics a storyline in a big-budget
movie this was like I thought they did
what they could as far as all the
characters like like Kirk is thinking
about leaving Starfleet's and Spock I
say you know I'll even start early and
then their reasons for staying and all
that stuff is it's in there and I liked
early on there wasn't a lot of action so
when it does happen it's actually
exciting because it's not like overload
right it'll get a little more excessive
towards the end a little bit but not
together on it inside the then the
whatever that plug not planet yeah
there's a space station yeah the space
station whatever that was called worked
Yorktown something like that some of
that stuff was like but then they do
something clever like because it's it's
this weird planet shape thing or all the
the the buildings are coming together
it's like an Escher painting or
something so there's all these different
gravitational poles and they're using
that to get from one point to the other
yeah it's like okay let's at least need
uh yeah then you have lotsa I mean at
someday J I'll go through this film with
fine-tooth comb okay and point out all
the references
it isn't uncommon you know it's easy to
get lost and the vastness of space
there's only yourself you shit your crew
but the best and funnest part of the
movie I think was the USS franklin they
discover a crashed starship do you think
there was some sort of subtle nod on
simon Pegg's part to get him back to a
simpler idea of Star Trek when this
movie is a hole going back to an old
ship yeah
none of them kind of reviving an old
ship well maybe maybe you have
metaphorical her I just like the fact
that I thought that was a it was a call
back to Scott Bakula Enterprise oh
really
was the same basically the same design
like against class ship that was so cool
to see that in this movie and it was
like the first you know I think I don't
I don't know Enterprise of early on it
was like oh you know we broke this
barrier the warp for barrier the word v
barrier and so that was a thing on that
series was like getting the ships to go
faster and faster so that that was like
era specifically correct you know k and
so watching that ship fly around like a
nod to enterprise was also quite amazing
we will find hope than the impossible
should we get into spoilers yeah because
there's another thing we got to talk
about towards the end here so all right
spoilers well we got to talk about the
use of sabotage sabotage by the Beastie
Boys sabotage if someone had explained
that to me before seeing the movie I
would have rolled my eyes because I
think of the first two Star Trek movies
and how lame they are
you
and it actually works in this movie
that's what this doesn't get messy but
it works in the context of if it was
just that song plane during action scene
I'd be like this is stupid but the fact
that it is a part of the scene where
they're playing the song it actually
kind of worked and was fun in a way that
I am surprised by and was well set up
yeah
because the the downed ship is inhabited
by our alien friend Kayla
Jayla yeah who I liked yeah yeah there
was a good character um and she
discovers an archive of music and likes
to play Public Enemy
fight the power and then she goes I like
the beats and the yelling that's funny
yeah it's funny and then it works it's
it's blended in properly and it's not
like what was it the other one on the
radio or something
it was just that's how that doesn't it
how the first one started with a little
Kurt driving a stolen sports car and
yeah because just playing on the city
blaring and it's like this is how we're
being introduced to Star Trek this is
weird but in this movie yeah it's it's
in a context and when they bring it back
later on it's it's a clever way to
defeat the the swarm yeah and it works I
can't believe that sequence works if you
were to explain it to me I would not I
would say that sounds like the worst
thing ever but it's fun yeah the movie
wins you over by that point yes yeah
yeah
this is where the frontier pushes back
what the hell is this I know why you
here
why we are all here but I think the big
key to everything is is the trifecta the
Kirk Spock McCoy McCoy has stuff to do
in this movie
boy he's so swept to the side in the
previous two yeah they knew what to do
Simon Pegg and somebody else co-wrote
this they did a great job dealing with
the characters mainly Kirk Kirk was not
like everyone everyone has this like
idea of Captain Kirk
that's very inaccurate from what the
show is okay and they got it right Kirk
is he's a good leader and he's
level-headed he's not the the crazed do
you I'm going to take risks and jump and
explode and you know do all this kind of
stuff even though it does right around a
motorcycle there was the one thing I
thought was kind of lame when they
established that this old motorcycle is
on the old ship again that's just an
excuse to have him jump around later in
the movie I liked the moment it's not it
really spoiler because it's in the
trailer but I like the you know they're
gonna be transported as he's jumping off
because he has to get to the the Jayla
girl but it actually works and then the
it's another thing that if like in the
trailer I saw it is like that looks so
lame but in the context of this movie it
works pretty well
yeah the the it's all it's all and it's
all set up - yeah the her her weird
thing where she um does the Superman -
thing where she's jumping around
everywhere has some kind of like
reflecting hologram technology and then
they use that later and then the the
gaseous substance that turns out crystal
yeah use that everything's set up and I
think the assignment was make a
big-budget action movie with big
spectacular action scenes but at the
same time retain all the good qualities
of the characters have them scaled back
to where they feel like the real
characters and have that that the under
layer of the Starfleet ethos or
philosophy and make it all work and this
was like the best
example of them might have taken three
movies to get it right because Robert
Orci and Alex Kurtzman what the other
film oh this this film made me it made
me sort of emotional which is surprising
because o it had the surprising thing to
me was it had all these elements in it
that normally you'd think I would hate
playing to Beastie Boys song during Star
Trek action sequence bad guy wants
revenge doomsday weapon uh but like all
that worked the movie worked and then
you had like these these kind of
real-life elements that were involved
the actual passing of Leonard Nimoy
incorporated in the story yeah uh Quinto
showing the the old cast photo from Star
Trek 6 and then of course what happened
with Anton Yelchin which I don't know if
this was I think the movie is completely
done before he passed away but there's
when they do that toast at the end then
he says to what does he say to the
absent friend captain friends and he's
in the shop the next yeah they cut from
that close-up of him saying that
immediately Anton Yelchin is in the
middle the frame was like oh my god
after just watching that new
Ghostbusters movie like like Harold
Ramis having having died yeah it was a
couple years ago now but Leonard Nimoy
you know Spock Egon and it's like and
then and then it was it was bittersweet
because this film made me feel like Star
Trek it was kind of like it was like
someone had shocked the corpse not a
team and they're all just kind of
sitting there and then he said you know
it's alive you know it can be alive and
it has has to go through some some PT
physical therapy it has to has to have
some some work done but it's it's kind
of like alive again and you have these
big giants like characters passing and
what happened to Anton Yelchin is is
separate but it's also sad you know
and then we have this news TV series and
running through my brain I'm like wow
yeah we can have a new TV series which
is supposed to supposedly episodic in in
seasons where at second season one is
going to be a story about this in this
time period it's not going to be like
seven seasons of one crew like okay
traditional Star Trek is could be closer
to like American Horror Story where this
is going to be about this flash-forward
200 years about this Klingon things in
this universe that's interesting and
that's I liked the little touch in the
Captain's Log at the beginning of this
movie when Kirk talking about were near
three over five year mission and things
are starting to feel episodic yes and I
thought that was a nice little nod that
little little cute things like that in
the dialogue but and then I'm like hey
Alma TNG people are still with us like
people have been remaking old stuff they
brought back bringing back Twin Peaks
they're bringing back the rest they
brought back Arrested Development they
brought back full house I mean for God's
sakes they can bring back we can we can
jump and see what's happened with the
next generation crew uh 20 years later
98 was nemesis Captain Riker on the USS
Titan which his wife Deanna Troi are
doing stuff Picard's kind of Admiral
where's Janeway at well she's locked up
in prison when when the last two films
felt like I was walking into a grave you
know what I mean it felt like Star Trek
is in Star Trek any Star Trek isn't Star
Trek and it felt like the death throes
like oh god here we go
and while this movie did have tons and
tons of huge epic action set pieces it
was like being a being like those three
notes that open the Star Trek theme
there it is
I hear it it's still there sort of Simon
Pegg brought it back from the dead kind
of and it's kind of alive and and so it
made me another melancholy a bittersweet
but at the same time hopeful I can hope
see Adonai obviously I'm not a Star Trek
guy so I didn't get those emotions out
of it specifically but I did feel like
this movie had more of a heart than the
other two and the connections like I
know Star Trek through pop culture
basically so the the way they handled
Leonard Nimoy or the looking at the the
old the photo of the old crew like you
know that worked for me is someone that
just knows it as this pop culture thing
whoo-hoo
it had a heart in a way that the last
two did not it's like Simon Pegg and
whoever else wrote the script with them
had to deconstruct what they had done
with the first two films and go yeah
yeah let's start over we got to put in
the action but if we're gonna put in the
action let's have some sort of
connection to the characters so we care
about the action yeah it was not some
I'm not saying suggesting that this
search of beyond was some like
brilliantly written movie about ethics
it was just like fuck it boil everything
down I've been surprised I didn't bring
a prime directive more which would have
which would have added stuff to it it
was more like the what the Federation is
and what it represents
teamwork yeah all the different alien
species working together the the harmony
of the unit I know why you're here why
we are all here
our captain will come for us mercy will
be the last thing on his mind I am
counting on it
fear of death is illogical
fear of death is what keeps us alive
so why could you recommend Star Trek
beyond absolutely is but one of my more
enjoyable films I've seen in recent yeah
what's a years oh my god I mean it's
great I thought it was great as far as
like a kind of untying my cynicism in
terms of Star Trek like or like I said
shocked it back to life a little bit you
know when we saw that first trailer and
yourself from another or that trailer
like you're yeah oh no you know it right
around motorcycles oh god I was not
expecting to actually like this film I
mean you know I had one eye open because
the sign up egg was a screenwriting but
I was like yeah and none of the actual
Star Trek feature films are really that
great to be honest I mean their motion
picture in Wrath of Khan
motion picture and Star Trek 5 of course
Sarek six is good stay I like all the
original cast movies except for five two
and three are like adventure films yeah
they're they're really not very heady
yeah Star Trek one is historic one is a
great concept and Star Trek six I really
like Star Trek six the next gen films I
mean I don't know you ever expressed
your opinions on the next gen films that
were real
maybe maybe someday you should make some
sort of video essay explaining those
movie there are a bunch of shite
definitely go see it that's a movie
anybody can enjoy that's why I would
recommend it as someone who's not a big
Star Trek fan and did not like the first
two Star Trek movies I thought this was
fun
I especially like I feel like this has
been a pretty shit summer for movies
when you think of the big like popcorn
movies except for Civil War this is the
only other one that I can think of that
felt like a like a fun popcorn movie
that actually holds together we're not
just like I like the action I guess I
enjoyed this movie I enjoyed all the
characters in it in the way they
interacted that's what held it all
together for me that's that is the one
weak point I'll say is the villain
but it's it's elevated by everything
else right a little more a little more
work on that villain and his motivation
well maybe they'll improve it on the
next movie and they'll have the villain
I want to get revenge oh maybe I'll take
in a different route and have a villain
that wants to get revenge but well
that's what they did Jane oh I mean the
opposite of that a villain who wants to
be friends must make new friends sure
why not oh no a villain who who had a
beef with someone earlier but what's the
patch things up there you go that would
be that would be an inverse of
everything are you going to read you my
friend again whatever the cost and I
have this giant giant doomsday
friendship device the giant hug machine
turn your planet to paradise solve all
of your worldly problems like hunger
disease then we will be friends
Farah will do it do it
pardon me you like sassy well now that
we're done talking about the movie I've
already forgotten I guess we should get
back to work yeah
now that they've stopped making VCRs our
phone will be ringing off the hook
yeah so let's just wait for that oh sure
yeah any second now I'm sure
knock it over when I pick up the phone
you
what are you reading that's the making
of Jurassic Park oh I didn't know he had
this Oh
let's take a look here is it
embarrassing
no his name is a Gaul wrong yes I
thought so
chief future access pewter access
science lamb go to the science lab Oh a
little tricorder prop cinch us but it
doesn't Bend
definitely is breast cancer
Oh clean and ceremonial dagger spinner
access click on symbol it's like the
price is right chief Klingon challenge
tricorders
oh my god the function
and lightning fast VCR repair this is
Mike how can I help you
uh-huh uh-huh yes
aha okay all right it was a wrong number
