Feb 24, 2016 
The 2016 Oscars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kX50REHezPY
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/702511580408315904
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153438867197634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-2016-oscars
https://reddit.com/r/movies/comments/47d1n7/half_in_the_bag_episode_104_the_2016_oscars/
https://reddit.com/r/RedLetterMedia/comments/47d1n9/half_in_the_bag_episode_104_the_2016_oscars/

Half in the bag.
oh no we're too late the last two humans
have died in unrelated matters
alcoholism and obesity horrible morbid
obesity what oh no sir we're not dead
we're just very cold and bored hey did
you alien fuckers nuke our planet no
that was your own doing for we are
benevolent aliens as you would call us
we have been watching you humans for
centuries and we're here to help hmm
oh so you've come to help us get down
off this mountain no no no I'm here to
help you save your species okay now
since you're the last to left
I don't forget about mr. blinken Oh the
old man already hung himself Oh No there
goes the daisy chain now it's something
entirely different
shut up and listen okay I'm going to
send you both back in time you will
replace your former selves with you now
once you're back in time it is very
important that you warn your leaders
about the war the Iranian nuclear treaty
was a fucking disaster
you all knew it but you did it anyway so
what about this fucking house will you
get this house off the goddamn mountain
I'm trying to save your species and and
all you care about is this fucking house
well I mean if the house is back on the
ground and that means we could go to it
and help mr. blinken fix his VCR and he
pays us a lot of money yeah and that's
how we make our living so alright fine
fine I'll I'll put your house sign on
some shithole like Milwaukee or
something no that works perfect well
that's incredibly convenient that's a
very short commute from Milwaukee yeah
that's really not bad now why thank you
mr. alien you've really helped us get
out of this hole we've written ourselves
and I mean gotten ourselves into
okay now prepare yourself
to be sent back in time I'm going to
operate the Cano Tremec device or oh the
kana tronic device oh my gosh boy do you
think that alien transporter beam will
give us cancer probably oh well hey
we're back in the VCR repair shop
finally oh yeah
huh but Jay wasn't there something
really important that we were supposed
to do um
yeah talk about the Oscars
so the Oscars are right around the
corner February 28th 2016 and this may
be the first year in history of ever
that collectively we've seen all the
Best Picture nominees
I've yeah you've seen all of them to
know that's why I said collectively
oh sorry you're pointing at yourself
have you seen all of them I've seen all
of them wow that's impressive I've seen
all eight Best Picture nominees okay
I've not seen any of the animated
feature bus pictures but I don't care
well it's a little bizarre to have in
the same category Shaun the Sheep
nominated alongside animal Lisa the new
Charlie Kaufman existential drama so
that animated category is a little bit
of a joke well if it's animated then it
doesn't matter
well that's like slick then then have
don't have Best Picture like all these
movies are so completely different like
if you're gonna have a Best Animated
then you have to have subcategories for
that too
I don't know it's it's a bunch of
nonsense the Oscars are a bunch of
nonsense so let's talk about them yeah
let's talk about them well I guess we'll
get into the Best Picture last but it's
when we're talking about like the other
categories when we say what our
predictions are there's almost two
different predictions you have to make
which is what I personally would like to
see when and what I assume will win
based on the Academy and history and the
type of movies that usually went yeah so
I mean sometimes there's upsets there's
things that you think will sweep but
don't um go ahead and and then there's
you know ones that you go oh okay
they're going to give it to that and
then they do all right you just like
roll your eyes it doesn't matter I don't
know why people get in such a such a
fervor over the Oscars I mean if there's
a celebrity of it all of course all
right obviously everyone all the stars
are there and they're all dressed up no
make the speeches in everyone but the
the actual Awards like who cares all I
care about is waiting to see any of them
do anything embarrassing Jennifer
Lawrence has created herself a new
Oscars tradition she falls for the
second year
last year and this year in her opening
monologue you got John Travolta touching
what's-her-face he couldn't say that
lady's name right please welcome the
wickedly talented one and only idea that
does he right and then the next year
they tried to make a joke out of it and
he made things worse
mmm darling my beautiful my we could be
talented idina menzel is that right I
don't know it's like once the Oscars
happened the next day immediately I
forget everything about them yeah so the
only thing that people remember is
celebrities doing things that are
embarrassing yes that's all that really
matters about the Oscars and James
Franco and a dress can we say more those
more embarrassing than Marlon when
Marlon Brando dressed up like a lady
Indian and accepted his award no I'm
sure someone will make a speech about
diversity and everyone will clap they'll
all be so proud of themselves and their
bravery because of a private industry or
drugs event show that's all this is yes
people people treat it like like it's an
election like it's just an industry
awards event
like I don't know well if we can't look
up to celebrities as role models then
who can we look up to
it's also widely known that the Oscars
is the rich white people drama Awards
because comedy feature films don't get
Best Picture yes rarely do sci-fi films
or fantasy films get Best Picture Return
of the King did a couple exceptions but
for the most part comedy Annie Hall
right
yeah mt7 but for the most part it's
white people drama Awards so yeah
British accent you get an Oscar you play
a character with some sort of disability
challenge or struggle then you get an
Oscar make yourself ugly if you're a
pretty person that looks ugly that's
apparently a very brave thing to do it's
like an award for sound design
Krampus did not get award for sound
design or nomination I should say for
sound design even though it had amazing
sound design
but I'm sure the revenant did yes
because it was a movie where a guy was
in the woods by himself so must have
good sound right because there's no
other things going on
but it had terrible song Krampus did but
Krampus was a silly movie about a killer
monster on Christmas
now that stuff doesn't doesn't garner
the attention of rich old white men yes
so rich old white men go oh the revenant
it's a movie about a guy in the woods
the title almost sounds like something
you would hear like as a parody in like
a fake Oscars
yes evidence yes by movie but it's on
the movie itself sounds like a joke so
you could complain that there's a lack
of diversity this year but you can also
complain that they didn't give Krampus a
nomination for sound design and they
gave it to the revenant I don't even
know if this is true I'm assuming
revenant got a nomination sound design
and if it didn't something else stupid
did I'm sure the Danish girl did did you
hear how she put that teacup down oh
it's great sound design yes and so
there's a lot of snubs there's a lot of
bias
I guess not not necessarily all in race
chair but in in genre and type and all
that and they made that that animated
category a couple years ago but you know
they're not going to make categories for
best comedy in the feature film it's
it's best acting right mostly drama and
that's what it is
so Mike who's nominated for supporting
actress for supporting actress our
nominees are Jennifer Jason Leigh into
hateful eight Rooney Mara for Carol
Rachel McAdams in spotlight Alicia
vikander for the Danish girl and Kate
Winslet and Steve Jobs or me Winslet
played Steve Jobs oh no she did that was
just really good makeup yeah Kate
Winslet she did a really good job as
Steve Jobs mmm I mean like she really
pulled it off the weird thing she can't
look like Michael Fassbender after they
put all the makeup on her well I think
that was the idea was Kate Winslet
playing Michael Fassbender playing Steve
Jobs so you know it's layers it's layers
and the Academy likes that that's why
she got the nominee that's why she got
the nomination yes but what do you think
will win
I'm my vote is for Jennifer Jason Leigh
for do for doing the best acting and
concealing her shock while her rustle
smashed a priceless antique guitar she
could have said oh fuck could have
ruined the whole take and she she stayed
in character she did the best acting she
could under horrendous circumstances so
I'm gonna say Jennifer Jason Leigh just
because I thought she was really great
in the movie and because I haven't seen
any of the other movies but I'm gonna
say what we'll probably actually win is
Alicia vikander for the Danish girl
because that's the sort of newcomer that
they like to prop up early in their
career Ian Ayre she's also an ex machina
which is much better movie than almost
everything nominated and it wasn't
nominated for hardly anything so I'm
going to go with her now let's talk
about actor in a supporting role and I
have seen every one of these films oh my
god guess that makes me sexist christian
bale and the big short tom hardy the
revenant Mark Ruffalo spotlight Marc
reliance balance in Rylance I think I
don't care bridge of spies Sylvester
Stallone and create a what's your pick
and personally I would say Sylvester
Stallone and Creed but that's my own
personal bias because I have a soft spot
for that character but I actually think
the winner would be that Mark Rollins
from bridge of spies that seems like the
type of supporting role that's just so
natural and it's an older guy he played
the spy yeah okay yeah um and he was in
the movie I didn't think the movie was
anything terribly spectacular or
interesting but talk about a movie when
we talk about a movie but I thought he
was very good my my vote is for Tom
Hardy in the revenant I love Tom Hardy
you'd be another personal pick I thought
he was great in that movie but I don't
know if that's the type of performance
that it's a little too little too dirty
little too gruff they like the the sort
of classic kind of like that Mark
Rylance guy and bridge of spies he's
like classic actor man it's the opposite
of the Alicia vikander where how they
like to prop up the young people they
also like to prop up the older people
that have never gotten their their shiny
moment yet so lead actress we've got
Cate Blanchett's for Carroll DC Carroll
brie Larson
room Jennifer Lawrence joy Charlotte
Rampling 45 years what the fuck is that
that's an old grandma and so the actress
I'll never be able to pronounce her name
right for Brooklyn says Cersei ropes a
rope while my pick is for brie Larson
for room mine too
we'll talk about room extensively but
she's great in it yeah um I didn't see
Carole Cate Blanchet she was in the Lord
of the Rings films right as the elf she
was she's also been in some other movies
that aren't Lord of the Rings movies
she's sort of like if she's in a movie
that year I just nominate her Cate
Blanchett and Kate Winslet should fight
each other for names
my name is better bitch I predict the
winner will be Kate Kate litt yes ah
that's me no that's me you we're not
even at the same category are you crazy
I want the award and then she smacks her
in the head with the Oscar hashtag Oscar
so bad because of all the blood Jennifer
Lawrence looks like a little kid playing
dress-up and everything she's in that's
how I felt about American hustle I was
like why is this little kid hanging out
with all these older people um but yeah
this joy movie one I don't particularly
like David O'Russell no and I don't
really like Jennifer Lawrence so it's
like we're gonna be fucking drama you're
gonna fucking like it it's going to be
about a woman who made a mop and we're
gonna take this this story and it's
gonna be so fuckin important yes and
that's a great David O'Russell
impression by the way I don't know if
you've ever seen interviews yeah he has
that sort of intensity yeah yeah and and
then she's like they have that lunch you
do whatever you can to get to the
fucking tapping motherfucker and one yes
or speak on my behalf
about my business again
there's a clip where she's uh she's
berating the the guy on the cell phone
no ah I pick up the gun she was at the
Golden Globes and and this is where she
came off like an ignorant kid because
there was a guy and they were asking
questions at the Golden Globes I don't
know if she won or not and he was
reading off his phone and she's like I
don't know buddy
why don't you put down your phone yeah
hi Hey how did you feel for the how did
you see yourself for the ocean live your
whole life behind your phone bro oh you
just said we can't do that you gotta
live in the home sorry sorry it's on
yeah but it turns out he was a foreign
language reporter and he was reading
that trying to translate now Jesus his
question was basically how does now that
you've won the Golden Globe what do you
think your prospects are for the Oscars
chair how do you see yourself for the
Oscar tonight but if you phrase it kind
of in Reverse and Oscar's came out first
and she goes I don't know idiot and how
well we're at the Golden Globes have you
if you put your phone down you'd know
that and it came off like so ignorant
and arrogant he's been hanging around
David O'Russell too much yeah that's
like he's on it he's not really he's not
tweeting while he's talking to you he's
reading something off his phone yeah and
that was a little story and I watched
the clip and I'm like oh my god how
embarrassing for her yeah I live in a
home sorry sorry it's on yeah this
little kid was in The Hunger Games and I
became popular and then she had to
contractually fulfill her obligation
mystique to the x-men movies I'm gonna
do this movie where I put on blue paint
and walk around naked it's fucking awful
I'm working with David O'Russell now now
Hollywood royalty and getting Oscars and
gonna do this crap this shit so she's
like most of the other actors and
actresses in Hollywood yes but she's not
mature enough to hide it yet yes and
that's the problem all these people are
assholes all of them all big assholes
right and then but they all know how to
hide it real well because they've played
the game long enough yes speaking of
assholes let's talk about actor in the
world well we have Bryan Cranston in
Trumbo which nobody in the world is seen
including Bryan Cranston we have Matt
Damon for the Martian Leo for the
revenant Michael Fassbender for Steve
Jobs which is confusing because I
thought that was Kate Winslet and then
Eddie Redmayne in Oscar bait yeah well
this is a tough one
everyone says Leo should win because
he's been in movies a long time and he
acted in the cold I'm going to go with
that Leo gets quote-unquote snubbed
that's the tradition is that he gets
snubbed and everyone thinks he'll win
this because of the revenant is the
greatest thing on earth it's this year's
boyhood it's this year's boyhood and
look what happened to boy hit last year
yes so I don't know it's a tough one it
definitely won't be Matt Damon you
didn't like his performance as Matt
Damon that movie sucked so hard well
we'll talk about that we get the best
pictures I'm going to say Leo because he
ate a raw fish all right salt eggs so
you're taking the cynical approach I'm
take it oh yeah absolutely I went with
all the ones that I say are gonna
actually win it's pretty much a cynical
approach okay um I think this will be
the year that he finally gets it and
they'll be articles written about him
finally getting is just do I'm picking
I'm picking the upset when I'm going
with Bryan Cranston for Trumbo okay I
have a feeling all right you think
that'll be the the unexpected it'll be
the unexpected underdog win okay cuz
everyone loves Bryan Cranston plus
that's a movies about communists in the
Hollywood industry and blacklisting and
if it's about the industry then that's a
good sign that he will win and all those
old old crusty old white men were
probably around during the blacklist
arrow yeah of Wisconsin's own Senator
Joseph McCarthy proud proud Senator
Joseph McCarthy and his efforts to
blacklist communists
and I think that's what the films about
so the crusty old white men will pick
that I was not nominated for Best
Picture but anyway I'm going for Bryan
Cranston Trumbo alright cuz everyone's
gonna go prank Redmond he's going to
give a really good speech he's gonna man
runs a warm welcome poles
political bullshit yeah it's going to
warm the cockles of everyone's heart
definitely oh and everyone will be
pissed off
now onto Best Picture and while we talk
about Best Picture we're also going to
do quick many reviews of the films with
the exception of Mad Max fury road and
the revenant they already talked about
them very talked about them so look up
these episode numbers right here if you
want to see our reviews of those films
but we're going to quickly talk about
the ones I'm going to talk about all the
ones I've seen Jay has been too busy to
see the other films well how am I
supposed to see all these movies when I
have three seasons of the Bates Motel to
get through our first nominee is called
the big short didn't see it it was about
it was film about the housing market
collapse 2008 it was a very folk you
mentor II kind of thing because it was
it was very like it reminded me of if
you watch a documentary about this
subject the recreations of things that
happened and thence characters talk to
camera break the fourth wall it's kind
of funny in parts and but then it's also
a narrative as well the direction of it
just felt odd and Steve Carell is in it
and the whole time he talks like prison
Mike from the office when the hell did
we forget all that the worst thing about
prison was that was the Dementors they
were flying all over the place and they
were scary and then they come down and
he sucked the soul out of your body and
at height everyone say I haven't seen
that Foxcatcher movie but I know he does
like a weird voice in that to lock
sketcher was great I I'm sure it's fine
but I see him in these roles and all I
can think of his Michael Scott
pretending to be somebody else no no
Foxcatcher he actually transcended and
he became a it was like an actor okay I
was like oh yeah that's Michael Scott
did you know Foxcatcher was a really
good movie they tried their best to do a
little like like fun bits they're like
here's um here's Margot Robbie in a
bathtub to explain to you you know about
this and then it cuts there and she's
drinking champagne and bathtub that's
like here's a famous restaurant chef so
so and so to explain to you this and
he's like well the housing market is a
piece of meat i cuddle it you know and
it had cup but it didn't do it a lot it
just did a couple times and I'm like
what what's going on and it seemed a
little scatterbrained a little unfocused
and then at the end I was like I'm not
that interested in the housing market
collapse we target strippers won't even
all cash-rich not going to be able to
refinance on all my loans what do you
mean all your loan high five houses in
the condo a bridge of spies we both
recently saw this and that's an in one
ear out the other movie it's a movie
it's the movie esteem ever seen it's
worse than the movies movie I've ever
seen bridge of spies oh my god first of
all I love historical films I love
Steven Spielberg I love Tom Hanks but
this movie was the most boringest thing
I've ever seen
III was it's it's a well made movie of
course I mean it's Spielberg because a
him and Scorsese their like they were
born to make movies and so I was
constantly I was actually distracted
because I was so bored by the story I
was just distracted by the technique and
be like man even though a simplistic
scene like he knows how to to move the
camera and keep it looking interesting
and at that Janusz Kaminski lighting
everything's blowing
background windows are constantly blown
out which is something that's always
bothered me about his lady but the story
of the movie I didn't think was a
terribly interesting it's it's bizarre
the the I was familiar with the
storyline I mean I everyone knows about
the not everyone but in the Cold War a
u2 pilot the u-2 spy plane got shot down
over the Soviet Union he was captured
and then later they're gone out yes it's
like a movie made exclusively for the
trailer they've exciting action sequence
where the plane gets shot down that felt
so out of place with the rest of it yeah
they are countries are at war you know
you got to go over to East Berlin and
you know do this thing and they show
people getting shot on the Berlin Wall
and like oh my god this can be a super
spy kind of thing and then Tom Hanks
gets her and he's like I've got a cold
and I just want to go home and get this
over with
let me talk to your guy okay well we
want this other guy to this American
student also got you want to guys for
one guy I don't know I want to talk to
this guy I got a cold let's be on the
bridge and then they make up this like
tents thing where are the Germans going
to drop off the the US student to
checkpoint charlie or not is he there is
he there on a row oh he's there listen
okay the movies over yeah nothing
exciting happens in the whole movie
nothing tense even I don't I don't even
want action I don't want Tom Hanks
driving around on a motorcycle and cars
like banging into him like shoot it
happen I don't want that I just want
some tension to intrigue some betrayal
or some drama and it was just lots of
talking about talking about the exchange
that eventually happens yeah a little to
no consequence or attention well I think
it's trying to do because I didn't see
the Lincoln movie but I know you saw it
right and there was focused more on like
one specific aspect of it wasn't just
like an overview of Lincoln so I think
it's the same with this they're trying
to do it where it's not focused on
everything this guy accomplished but
this one little moment of history yeah
well it's it's Spielberg likes the
historical characters that that made a
difference you know you're Oskar
Schindler's or whatever and we're this
the little man the low man with the
briefcase does an important thing right
and then that's what this was but it was
so boring it's funny to see like because
of the end credits are rolling and it
gets the of the credits and you have the
Amblin logo that they still use or the
little et in the cart and the bike yeah
it's like oh that's when Spielberg made
movies damn it
so what else do we got the only
enjoyment I got from it was I was the
whole time I was pretending it was Tom
Hanks character from Saving Private Ryan
who had survived the war and went on to
do these things okay I was like and I
just kept thinking about his previous
adventures the world war two I'm like
it's the same character that was the
only enjoyment I got out of it also I
had a 30-minute nap in the middle which
was quite refreshing and didn't miss any
of the film what's not you missed the
scene where the two characters met in a
room and talked about where they were
going to meet next this movie had more
scenes of people talking in a room than
a room so next up we have Brooklyn I did
not see Brooklyn I just saw Brooklyn I
kept getting a confused with Boulevard
for some reason I think because they
both begin with the same letter of the
alphabet that's a real real good reason
to confuse two films that's that's
that's all a god I kept confusing a
Brooklyn with Beastmaster for the same
reasons Brooklyn was a lovely sweet
charming film it was about a girl and
from Ireland and she has an older sister
and they lived with their mother and the
older sister says you got to get out of
Ireland and go to America and then she
meets Tony Danza and falls in love it's
a straight up classic dramatic
coming-of-age story with some some
romance and heartbreak and I got a I got
to make the right choice to get out of
my my little town and and follow my
dreams I guess it was written by Nick
Hornby no well he wrote an adapted
screenplay from a novel she goes back to
Ireland and then like they're all trying
like well you could get a job here and
this this young man is available and you
can have a life you like the mother
wants her to stay and then they would
become like I'm just going to live in
I hear and but in America there's lots
of new opportunities there's lots of
different things there's Tony Danza
apparently yet Tony danza's there and
it's it's a solid solid movie it's a
classic oscar-nominated film okay um
it bordered on a little Nicholas Sparks
II a little bit not too much but little
leaning towards that way but like
Gramma's are going to love this film
grandmas are going to go in there and
and go that was lovely it's a very
unoffensive it's it's very sweet it's
very heartwarming and it has all the
little points of drama right at the
right moments I mean it's a solid
fucking movie but it's not a stand out
movie all right it's not a movie you go
you got to go see that that was amazing
that was really different but it's a
solid solid movie
Oh
anyway what's next next we have Mad Max
fury road which of course we've already
discussed s-- ivory watched it a couple
times since our episode I don't know if
you have I've grown to appreciate it
more and more and watching it a couple
more times just the the ambition of the
film making the the way it tells the
story through action there's not lots of
stopping for exposition just a really
great entertaining movie plus watch it
at home in surround sound it sounds
fucking great
I want them back
well this is a good point too to segue
into a slightly different discussion
it's about best pictures and and there's
a lot of people saying revenants going
to revenants going to one after seeing
other films in this in the in this list
of best pictures I hate the revenant
because one I didn't I didn't get any I
didn't get any emotional attachment to
anything happening in the revenant yeah
and then people go like well oh you know
it's it's so technically amazing they
shot in the cold and you're talking
about Mad Max fury road I didn't get too
emotionally invested in Mad Max fury
road but boy oh boy is it a great well
done
technically executed action movie yes
and so that I would say I had more
emotional connection to Mad Max than I
did the revenant I did - yeah but but
you know as far as like general dramatic
emotion so what it what qualifies Best
Picture I mean I know it's just everyone
just votes for whatever but you look at
the revenant and then you look at
something like room and then you go one
is good in this way and one is good in
this way right
and so well that's like what I was
saying about the animated category yeah
like it like a Charlie Kaufman movie in
the same category is a kiddie movie
about sheep like that doesn't make any
sense
yeah I mean art is subjective right our
art is not artists I think I would
describe artists how something makes you
feel okay and so you could have a really
technically accurate painting or you can
have a painting that's terrible but
makes you feel a certain way makes you
feel an emotion and I think if if a work
of art draws an emotional response out
of you it's a better work of art than
something that's more technically
competent in my opinion I catch shit
sometimes for not caring for Blade
Runner this how could you not like Blade
Runner it's the most amazing thing ever
and it's like I understand on a
technical level how amazing that movie
is I get nothing out of that movie
emotionally story-wise yeah that movie
does nothing for me yeah I I can I can
marvel at the technique and the style
and the look and the builds this
universe but I get nothing out of it
yeah aside from an appreciation for the
technical aspects but while we're on
that subject let's talk about something
that doesn't work in any format the
Martian Matt Damon's stupid phase Matt
Damon on Mars yeah a lot of people like
this movie this is one I would say in a
technical level I mean it's Ridley Scott
he knows how to make a movie but the
whole movie is a boy this is quite a
predicament gotta figure out a way out
of this okay I took care of it
oh here's another problem I should
figure out how to do something about
this alright got it that's the whole
movie it's a movie trailer
uh all the things are in the trailer
yeah I mean I I like some of the the
science aspects of it I like that
there's a little more is a little more
technically minded as far as some of
that goes yeah but story wise dramatic
wise the most exciting thing to happen
was towards the end when other people
were in control when he's out in space
and they have to rescue him like I
thought that part of the movie was was
entertaining yeah this is a rare
occasion where I wish for the
hollywood-esque cliches like the Matt
Damon character they didn't talk about
they talk about parents at one point but
even have like a love interest or a
daughter or son you know like the movie
was a movie interstellar who saw little
Matthew McConaughey Christopher Nolan oh
yeah at least like they had this some
connection with his daughter and there
was a kind of time-travel thing I
remember that movie but there something
was going on there it's the most
emotional and entertaining movie ever
made you don't remember it's um
something was tugging at my heartstrings
I don't know number as small and
withered as my heartstrings are
something attempted to tug at them and
this it's like I also appreciate a dry
bland science film it was somewhere in
the middle
sure and and Matt Damon was just like
there were no challenges at one point I
was wondering I'm like is anything
challenging gonna happen he seems to be
doing alright making those potatoes out
of his poop well the door blew off at
one point that's what that's what
happened yeah the door blew up and I'm
like oh fuck that whole habitat thing's
gone and
fuck and I was like I put some duct tape
over it and it's working again that's
fine uh-huh like saying these lines are
not funny he was not funny Wow in your
face Neil Armstrong okay so let's do the
math I have enough food to last for 50
days he's going to starve to death
long before we can help this tomb so I'm
gonna have to science the shit out of it
now I would have preferred like a more
wacky likeable actor than Matt Damon
well if you have someone that's a little
more eccentric to start with and then as
it goes along they get more desperate
they get more sad and pathetic they get
you know weaker skinnier you see more of
a change here it's in the beginning of
the movie the end of the movie has the
same personality I never got any sense
that there was any stake so that he was
in any sort of danger yeah I mean as
long-term stakes maybe like oh my god in
398 Souls he's going to run out of
potatoes share and then in the last five
minutes they show him like they have
been another actor walk out was all
skinny and gross and and then he has
like glued on beard and he's like I'm
sickly now all of a sudden I was in this
rough
no matter what happens tell the world
to my family
never stop Friday
well it's weird you look at something
like alien and there's the the scenes
early on in that we're I mean the
spaceship feels lived-in it feels real
and they're the dialogue between the
characters it's overlapping and it feels
so it almost feels like a documentary it
feels so like grounded and real and then
you look at the Martian and cement Damon
just like being silly that's weird
yeah yeah you want the conveying
character one to be likable and I guess
he was somewhat likable but two to be to
be flawed and to be in danger and weak
yeah and and go through challenges and
struggles and really to root for him
right and he was just like I'm Matt
Damon I could do anything I'm gonna
science the fuck out of this eat that
Neil Armstrong ha ha ha yeah aren't I
awesome
I don't know this does seem like a movie
for dummies and I kind of reminded me
that gravity film I was thinking of
gravity a lot dorita where it's like
there's an interesting story here but
it's it's never like it feels like too
much Hollywood schmaltz yeah that sort
of keeps it from yeah keeps you from
getting invested yes it keeps it from
feeling real gravity held up for the
first 80 percent until Sandra Bullock
was flying around with the fire
extinguisher in the face and that's
exactly what happens at the end of this
yeah yeah I'm an Iron Man the shit out
of this don't you can you just die
we'll talk about spotlight real quick
and then we'll close with the room
spotlight was boring I think the problem
these are all Best Picture nominees and
you're saying they're all boring Mike I
think the problem is that you're not I
didn't say everything was boring you're
not not intelligent enough or
hoity-toity enough to appreciate these
slow-moving dramatic films I am maybe
that's possibly maybe we just watched
too much crap on this show
no no spotlight was a good film um what
I mean by boring is that it was very
straight forward
it looks like the but like classic
oscar-nominated despot and it has some
similarities to bridge of spies because
it's like it's about spotlight is the
name of this like newspaper article and
a group of people that like the you know
do these specific stories they spotlight
this story okay and then they kind of
get wind of this the Catholic priest sex
abuse stuff and then there they start
doing some investigating and then they
uncover like all this abuse has been
going on for a long time it's been
covered up and then there's you know the
politicians local politicians cover for
the priests and then they start digging
and then they kind of expose the story
and then you know there's no there's no
fight scene with the priest where Mark
Ruffalo's on top of a subway car you're
he's throwing a siddik holy water atom
as the the the subway car flips off the
tracks and Mark Ruffalo goes like this
they're none of that happens it's just
like let's look at these files and
figure out what's happening it sounds
like the type of thing that would work
better as a documentary than as a
narrative yes exactly
like bridge of spies like I'd like the
vege Big Short too which was partial
documentary kind of well yeah it's so
it's and then at the end it's like a sex
abuse priests everywhere and it's like
here's all the lists of cities where
there's been molestations
that's like somber as a literal lists as
little as Benny Hill music playing no no
it's a good thing you aren't in charge
of the music for the film but no it's
like depressing sad music the end is
basically list every city in the whole
world for like 15 minutes and it's like
the spotlight kind of started the whole
thing where they uncovered how priests
molest little kids and then kind of
cover it up but there wasn't much to the
story as far as a real life event so
yeah documentary and then so but it's
one of those movies that's political
that brings out well you know when they
make their speech at the end destruct
abuse and the church is still going on
and you know this movie hopefully will
bring more awareness to that so because
no one was aware of it before this movie
yeah but like a solidly made movie but
I'll never think of it again except for
the moment when a priest dressed such my
wing now say hey why don't you watch
spotlight you motherfucker
anyways let's talk about our last film
and my pick for Best Picture
which you won't get because the revenant
because they filmed in the cold yes is
room
well this films called room which is
kind of an unfortunate title because a
lot of people will probably confuse it
with another film with a similar title
and happens to be terrible roomie and
Michele's high school reunion yeah and
you know you don't want to confuse it
with that film I heard there was a lot
of angry people coming back to the box
office as they're just horribly confused
yeah they're saying where was Lisa
Kudrow so glad Lisa Kudrow is back on
the big screen yeah so you finally saw a
room I just saw room and it's fantastic
I think the first half is a little bit
stronger than the second half but that's
almost by design because the the big
dramatic exciting moment is about
halfway through the movie yes and then
the rest of the film is the the
aftermath of that is of course about I
will talk a little bit about spoilers I
don't know how much was given away in
the synopsis or the trailer or anything
for this movie right I didn't know
anything about it I saw the poster and
it's it's mom hugging childs and I
already pictured the whole movie in my
head is like oscar-nominated movie about
the relationship between a mother and a
child and would be whimsical will be uh
there's something there's a room and
there's a room involved but they'll be
tug at your heartstrings music and then
within the first five minutes I was like
oh this is not what I was expecting at
all
yeah all I remember hearing about it and
you know we're throwing out a spoiler
warning here because it's it's nice to
have watched this film without any
foreknowledge right because I didn't
know anything about it I knew it was
about two people in a room and like a
kid adjusting once he gets out of the
room and that's all I learned so brie
Larson and Lil boi it starts off with
them in a room it reminded me a little
bit of a horror film called hidden
starring Alexander Skarsgard about a
family that's you know like a fallout
shelter kind of thing underground
shelter and which is a good movie if you
haven't probably all you heard of it
yeah it's good unexpected turns it takes
yes it's a recomm
datian no yeah so you're like okay was
this post apocalypse is this issue in a
weird religious cult or what's going on
and then you start to realize that
they're being held captive by a crazy
person and but the point of the movie is
it's a real good character movie it's
about it's not about them escaping or
you know getting the guy and all that
like it's about character adjustments
and I'm growing and this little this
little boy was born in this room does
not know of the world outside of it
right and that's that's where the drama
comes from that's the interesting aspect
of it is him adjusting to this world
like just trying to picture yourself in
that position of like you know the mom
for so long kind of kept the real world
you know hidden from him yeah like
everything they have a little TV in
there and he's she's saying that's magic
don't fake like finally when it gets to
the point where the mom tells the kid
the truth there's this sort of him kind
of trying to understand it like is it
such a foreign concept to someone in
that position I some windows hundreds of
cars and birds in Grandma and Grandpa
yeah someone he'd like to meet you
holy friend us no you will never find us
it's it's kind of through the lens of
the little kid and and you don't you
don't you see you there's a lawyer there
there's like media and then they guys
are going to do this trial and they
never say what happened to the guy that
you see one shot of a TV or they say he
was arrested and then he's never talked
about again which I thought was great
because that's not the focus of the
story that that's like um it's that
would have been a real easy-like drama
like like like ploy brie Larson goes to
the trial and she's I ball him well I
think in an in a more traditional movie
the kid escaping would be the climax of
the entire movie but to you know that's
another way they would take it out so
the fact that it happens about halfway
through and then it completely shifts
gears it becomes a very sort of focused
character story about the mom both of
them adjusting to the real world and the
mom I'd like that it didn't it wasn't
terribly conventional it went to some
darker places than I was expecting
well yeah it works because we spend so
much time in the room first we don't you
know the whole first half of the movie
we don't leave the room so much of it is
from I love that because we if we wanna
talk about like directing like the
revenant there was talking about the
amazing direction of that movie and it's
I mean it's good it's a well-made movie
but it's very show off he mm it's
something like room I loved that's when
it was just the mom and the kid it was
very sort of you know two shots and then
the minute someone else entered the room
it was in the kid's head and it was
suddenly the the camera work is more
claustrophobic it was more not exactly
his point of view but sort of his
perspective and as the movie got went
along towards the end and he sort of
grew more comfortable being around
people like they eased up on that visual
filmmaking utilized very well in the
room yeah and on the end they go back to
the room and it's very small and dark
and it's it's much different there's a
clearly different look I would imagine I
don't know if this is true but I imagine
the set was much bigger when they were
filming with the kid and you know lit
differently of course probably a bigger
space because when you're a kid thing
the world seems bigger and the broom
seemed like the whole world to him
and the end it was just like this dark
small place shows he had grown as a
character and all that but yeah you're
right um the revenant there was Leo Leo
had old son and the best like it's
bizarre because Alejandro Inarritu and
birdman' birdman Michael Keaton was such
a strong character and so likable and so
real and it was there's so much going on
and revenant was like like leo the best
they could do with the flat like show
him laying there with the little boy in
the flashbacks yeah there's a little
cute moment with the boy well yeah he's
teaching them how to shoot an arrow or
do something and they have basically the
only interactions with Leo and the boy
is he slaps him on the head to shut up
yeah don't talk and then it's like oh oh
yeah they love each other remember when
they were lying on the blanket
then he's comforted him after he got
burned yeah also the wife died oh no we
didn't even know her Oh as in the sad no
it's not set up yeah yeah in room the
entire first half of the movie is
getting to know these characters and
only these characters so then when they
get out in the real world yeah you
understand both of their their
perspectives but with the revenant they
filmed in the cold oh okay and then Leo
ate a fish
great film absolutely it would be my
pick for Best Picture I don't know if
I'm going cynical on this it might be
beyond cynical I think it might be sort
of an underdog I think it might be the
movie that like boy had last year
everyone thought was going to win and
then it didn't
yeah maybe the room the policy I'm going
to do it maybe room will will overtake
something like revenant I'm hoping
revenant does not win best picture and
Romy and Michele's high school reunion -
I keep doing it - you know it's
impossible and and room wins Best
Picture and also as an alternate I would
love to see something like Mad Max win
just to see something so unexpected and
something that's such a different type
of filmmaking because it happened so
rarely there's something like Lord of
the Rings you never know you never know
just on a pure filmmaking level as far
as like performances driving a story
forward and being ambitious with the
filmmaking everything about Mad Max I
think is great ex machina wasn't
nominated so we can't even say that
should win but yeah I'm talking of Mad
Max and room 3 best movies of the year
you're just not going to can't do that
you gotta live in the moment sorry sorry
so yeah anyway that's our Oscar
discussion and our picks sort of our
picks our picks and what we want to win
and what we cynically think we'll win
and what we'll probably win and what
probably won't win and who cares
well I guess we can look forward to next
year's Oscars where movies and actors
will win awards for movies that will
forget about until next year's Oscars
what are you mute
oh my god the phone's ringing
lightning-fast VCR repair shop this is
Mike how can I help you all right let's
go god it's miss miss mr. plague
advisors that's an emergency going on
here my house it's in a perfectly normal
location and there are no problems
whatsoever
goodbye
