Sep 20, 2016
Blair Witch and Don't Breathe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVzymV7P8Vs
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/778233547974926336
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153930598942634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-blair-witch-and-dont-breathe

Half in the bag.
Why does they keep making movies?
Mike, what are we doing here?
Jay, don't you remember in the last episode I
mean a couple days ago when I made the
website and then we got that phone call
right away oh yeah hot damn I guess the
website worked oh no it wasn't the
website the phone call was just
coincidental it was mr. plink it no yeah
he told us to come to his house and if
he wasn't here just to wait for him well
when's he gonna get here I don't know
and I don't know what he wanted either I
guess we'll find out but while we're
just sitting here why don't we talk
about some new movies we just saw oh
sure why not hey we can talk about that
new Blair Witch movie that's perfect J
because I am so bored right now oh no
the line from the original movie is I'm
so scared right now oh yeah I know that
that was just what I was saying while
watching this new movie what is that the
guy who uploaded this video said it was
from a tape he found in the Black Hills
woods
I think I'm making my sister Blair which
is the latest film from director Adam
you know winGuard you know you know you
know you know you know you know you know
you know you know you know you know you
know um you know you know you know you
know you know in the film a group of
young people venture out into the vast
forest in Burkittsville maryland to make
a documentary about the myths and
legends of the Blair Witch you know you
know kind of like what happened in the
Blair Witch Project exactly like what
happened in the Blair Witch projects
Mike what did you think of Blair which I
hate you yeah and the show here hate you
why I didn't make this movie we rather
seen nine lives during Kevin Spacey's a
talking a hat yes I wanted to see nine
eleven lives without all the cats lost
in the World Trade Center sure there was
a couple in the building some one
buildings some some one had a couple
cats some someone's cat came to work
with them could someone do some research
on this and let us know if there were
any cats in the buildings on 9/11 uh
what are we talking about oh the Blair
wins oh I'm so scared of the Blair wait
I don't know I see we should we just
start saying spoilers spoilers we're
gonna get into spoilers on
recommendation before we get in this way
yeah oh yeah I was gonna say spoilers
don't matter because if you if you have
seen the movie spoilers don't matter
yeah and if you haven't seen the movie
don't there you go and then it doesn't
matter at all so we're gonna talk about
everything that happened in this movie
um I'm gonna start off with positives
okay first the positives were it had
great sound and the haunted house ride
at the end was quite visually
interesting
the house itself yeah so my
congratulatory 's go to the set
designers and whoever built that set and
aged wood and paint and all that and
built the stairs and made all the dust
and that's it okay see that's
interesting you'd say great sound
because I was early on the first part I
had to hold back from chuckling at was
sound related
um cuz they look at the first movie and
at the sound design and that is so
subtle like did you hear something and
you have to really like listen to try
any anything and this one it's like I
think I heard something outside my tent
really go fuck it's like at the
forefront of the speakers right in your
face that's the whole movie I guess it's
it's it's a very conventional sequel to
a very unconventional movie I wouldn't
even call it a sequel I think this
definitely falls into the soft reboot
code sure sure but it to me as I was
watching it it felt like what I would
have expected to get in 2000 when they
did the quickie cash-in sequel to Blair
which it's like let's just do the same
movie over but make everything bigger
you know instead they went this weird
route and they made their weird meta
movie that nobody likes mom and so now
20 years later we're getting I'm going
to go out in the woods and find my
sister and have the exact same things
happen it feels like the kind of like
quickie cash and sequel you would get
immediately after the movies popular it
was a very bad idea
good in terms of hey we couldn't market
the name people remember the name and
they'll go see it and horror movies are
cheap to make they'll make a lot of
money blah blah blah blah it's good it's
good in that regard it's bad in the idea
that the the point of the first one was
subtlety scariness or to terror through
subtlety yeah just like you said the
tiny little crackling noises in the
woods that you could barely hear and
then just the very simple image at the
end of the kids standing in the corner
we didn't know really what happened yeah
never saw the Blair Witch like we do in
this one those those idiotic jump scares
yeah half of the movie but the jumps you
could tell someone's going we need a
jump scare here the market research is
dipping at this point there's one person
here is like like three in a row to the
point where character says stop doing
that it's like okay the movies
commenting on it that doesn't make it
okay to do it it's still obnoxious but
the core a problem with the movie was
that I had no fucking idea what was
happening
I mean I did in a literal sense here's
what's happening right but I didn't
understand what was going on and I
didn't know what I was supposed to be
scared of well I
a big problem is that you don't care
about any of these characters because
they're not really characters they're
teens in the woods character sure but
there's like nothing to any of them the
old mine is to the the lake the weirdo
redneck couple that goes along yeah he's
still using an old mini DV camera and
they're sort of like genuinely
interested in this stuff and he sort of
is a counterbalance to the black guy
whatever his name is who like skeptic
redneck guy I'll say something like
deadly serious and skeptic guy like
laughs at him it's like okay I see what
you're doing here but there's nothing
else to these people than that yeah
there's a like a mild budding romance
between James and Lisa that their name
is yes right where it was like they had
a little moment in the tent and you can
tell they're there they're going to be a
thing and but they never really
developed it of and he teaches her a
breathing method when you're terrified
in the woods which is trying to kill you
yeah calm the fuck down and breathe and
then she uses it later in the film
that's true and she's growing through a
tunnel yeah something happened it was
brilliant it was brilliant
we've been walking in a circle
first of all it's a thinly-veiled
movie about alien abductions we see the
Blair Witch and the Blair Witch for a
second it's like this weird creature and
then at the end they're in the house and
they're like standard corner the Blair
Witch is going to get you and then all
this like this fucking light comes
through the window yeah and then it's
like none of the bodies were found so
maybe there was like a Blair Witch like
legend that was never really true yeah
and then this is just a hot spot where
aliens abduct people and or some shit
like that and if that's what's happening
that sucks and that ruins everything
that's interesting about the mythology
of the Blair Witch and then there's the
part where they all foolishly take off
their shoes and socks to walk across a
river it's the first thing they do
they're going out into the wilderness
and they take their shoes off and walk
through a creek yeah and and the black
girl steps on something sharp cuts her
foot open and then it becomes like this
festering wound that's moving by itself
then later she pulls out a creature from
it pulls out something it looks like it
looks like it could be some sort of
moving twig monster it's something
that's alive yeah and then we never hear
of that again yeah so is that theirs is
it as a supernatural entity it's
definitely not the 1940s child murderer
oh no he was the one that did the
murders Cyrus let the Blair Witch ending
was sort of ambiguous because we'd never
see a supernatural entity we just see
her get knocked over right so which they
fucked up at the beginning of this they
show a couple quick moments from the
first movie and they show that you know
that classic moment the end where you
see Mike standing in the corner and
instead of just the camera he knocked
over they add in like the screeching
noise and then the camera gets knocked
over so god damn it yeah and then it
also has it all they added another layer
of time distortion yes this is also
that's what I attributed the lights to I
thought that was something related said
that was because you see the footage
they show at the very beginning of the
movie he's like I think this is my
sister Heather's footage and then you
find out the end of the movie it's their
footage being shot so there's a sort of
loop thing happening
so I assume the lights was like that's
when the loop starts see I thought them
the missing time thing felt very alien
to I thought Oni concept that it that
night never ends yeah I like the time
loop stuff I thought that was
interesting I didn't like that payoff
that it turns out to be the footage that
they have at the beginning cuz it's just
like okay how does that affect the movie
at all yeah definitely some sort of time
distortion which sort of something you
could look in it look at in the original
movie is that being a thing that's
happening like and or like the woods are
distorting because they keep ending up
in the same place and there's all these
things that are just subtly hinted at in
the original but we don't really know
and that works as a novelty for that
movie but as like a continuation where
it's like whoa we got to give more of
all these things and make it more in
your face and you don't care about
anything that's happening though
I like horror movies that are really
grounded in reality where there are very
definable rules and you know your your
main character can escape or overcome if
they do X Y & Z in this it's like Blair
Witch can do anything yeah and you're
fucked and I don't know what the Blair
Witch is I don't know thrill and go back
and forth Freddy Krueger Freddy Krueger
never dies it was comes back you can do
anything he wants and but there's some
rules there
those are schlock yeah but Jason the the
first the first Blair Witch I would not
consider schlock know this movie I would
you can't amp up subtlety and they do it
to such an extreme level that there
there is no there's no mystery because
we know some crazy shits happening but
there's no answers and there's no rules
so really it's a lot of screaming and
running around the woods
so the girls climbing up in the tree to
get the drone for some reason well that
bothered me cuz yeah is like this is the
girl that's got the cut on her foot
she's having trouble walking because of
the cut on her foot but she sees they
have a drone that they establish and it
gets caught a tree earlier in the movie
for no good reason she decides to climb
the tree to get the drone is trying to
figure out why that was happening other
than it would be a tense set piece to
put in the movie well I assume she was
trying to get the drone so that she
could fly it with her cellphone and see
where she was I guess what they already
tried that yeah and it didn't really
happen it's pitch black out Hannah's
pitch black oh maybe she could see
lights on a street ten miles away but at
that point yeah you'd think that would
be a small priority yeah I don't know it
would be more concerned about the living
creature in my leg yeah it was just for
a set piece and that's that's the
biggest friend with the movies it feels
because there are a couple I think
somewhat effective set pieces but that's
what it feels like is a couple of ideas
for set pieces just wrapped in a remake
of Blair Witch and that's really all it
is I like the part when she's crawling
through the tunnel at the ends that got
to me a little bit just the the way it
was shots and I mean she looks like
she's you know really that that felt
genuine as opposed to everything else
which felt completely phony
straight out of Star Trek generations
all the characters have little little
cameras in their ears like Bluetooth
cameras yeah Bluetooth cameras which I'm
sure exist I liked when they were
cutting back and forth between like the
DSLR camera and the kids shitty mini DV
camera it's like okay that's all we need
I mean it kind of makes sense as it goes
along because the big thing in
found-footage is like why are they still
filming and at a certain point like the
one character doesn't have her DSLR
anymore so she's not really filming and
it becomes more POV just because of the
headsets but apparently those things
have unlimited battery life the thing is
everybody everybody does have a camera
now and you could probably do something
interesting with that as a contrast to
the original movie when you know was 19
well it takes place in 94 was came out
in 99
nobody had cell phones and video cameras
on their phone and all that stuff you
couldn't do something interesting with
that now but yeah the idea that they
have these high-tech like who bought
them all this shit these are like poor
college students I'm assuming I don't
know it's the the air camera was a very
very bad idea a very very bad answer to
the question of why would anyone keep
filming during this other than the
obvious of the light on the camera yeah
and also to intercut close-ups I don't
know well that's I don't know if we
mentioned this during when we talked
about Chronicle but it gets to a point
where there's so many different angles
and so many different cameras shooting
that they're cutting around I'm like a
regular like a more conventional movie
to the point where you're wondering why
isn't this just a conventional movie I
mean this case it isn't because it's
called Blair Witch I guess but yeah it
has to be a found-footage thing because
the original Blair Witch was right and
it's because that's the gimmick that was
the original gimmick in the first one
and that's why the first one works
because it was a unique thing because
you can't regional idea can't recreate
that no especially in something that
feels so inauthentic when the strongest
quality of the original movie is how
authentic it feels right right yeah this
one was just balls to the wall whore
crazy nonsense
something out there
does the kid think his sister still in
the woods
that's why I was also thinking about
this feels like something that should
have come out a year after the first one
oh my sister still in the woods after a
year maybe yeah 20 years you were 4 when
she disappeared yeah your friend your
skeptic friend was 4 but he's talking to
this movie about how he was one of the
people that went out in the woods
searching for him if 4 years old I was
trying to think if the ending to was
some sort of attempt to do something
clever when it's because they
established like the witch or whatever
it is can attack you if you don't look
at it kind of like a Medusa type thing
so they're staring at the the wall and
then the the idiot Heather's brother
hears her voice and even though all the
supernatural shit's going on he just
decides to look and of course thing gets
him so then we have Lisa our last
character left she still got the
Bluetooth HD camera in her ear and
that's we're seeing her point of view is
she's been baited through the crawl
through the dirt apparently got covered
in mud and water and it worked just fine
same with the mini DV camera because in
her hand she has the mini DV camera
she's staring at the wall so she doesn't
have to look at the creature and she's
using the viewfinder on the old mini DV
camera so she can see behind her but
she's not looking at the creature and so
I was trying to think if they were
trying to do something clever there of
like her real point of view versus mini
DV is looking at the reality as I can
way to connect it with the first movie
I'm stretching to see if that's what
they're trying to do something with that
staring at the wall is is her avoiding
reality looking in the mini DV camera
footage I think you're getting a little
too GU in there wait wait I got to reach
for something cuz I like Adam Wingard I
think he's a clever filmmaker and I
don't know why he made those yeah that a
paycheck I mean call me call me naive
but you know I hated the first half an
hour hour of this movie I was like bored
I had all the stupid technology and all
though but there was a moment in the
movie when we find out that those two
the rednecky couple that come along with
them yeah have planted the Blair Witch
just stickmen that was the moment I
perked up for a minute yes oh yes I'm
like oh this is gonna be about them
trying to kill each other now and there
is no Blair Witch like that would be so
awesome
am i great or keep it like the first one
keep it subtle where maybe that's what's
happening we don't know for sure yeah
but we don't have a giant long-arm alien
creature running around a house yeah
like that maybe this guy and his
girlfriend are psychopaths and they're
setting up this whole like thing in the
woods with all our friends hiding out
and they're going to just murder these
people and videotape it so they could
upload it to YouTube and write you know
some like where the plot just goes Brown
like that there is no Blair Witch and
that's that's kind of what I was
expecting leading up to them yeah
because of you're next you're next yeah
because of the previous movies that
these guys have done yeah you're next
was very good and it took a very dark
turn and it was it again it had rules
yeah you're next was great and this one
just felt like people then
to do the runner on the house at the end
you gotta see the handprints on though
I'm surprised I didn't do the 10th thing
today at the 10th fly up into the air oh
my god it was so extreme it wasn't just
someone banging on the side of the tent
that said flew into the air oh my god
and then all of a sudden the one girl
snaps the Blair Witch stick-figure and
then it specifically is a voodoo doll
that snaps the other girl in half and
I'm like oh whoa that's kind of
frightening and shocking but where its
own idea but where is this front coming
from yeah exactly why her that's that's
what home movie feels like we have this
idea we have this idea away and we'll
just put them all in the supernatural
shenanigans whatever that's the total
supernatural shenanigans the original
idea for a third Blair Witch movie was
it was going to be like a period piece
then he'd have three very distinct and
very different movies with the title of
Blair Witch a novel idea he said a
period piece I was thinking like the
1920s and there's a guy like haha its
little found footage movie with a giant
camera like that yeah and he's hold on
puts it down I'm still tripod to tttt
I've got a run through this Horror house
now okay hold on I found footage movie
from 1895 with with Thomas Edison Oh
bring along my movie come wrong that
would be so awesome I approve falling
footage is real the undeveloped
negatives were found in her vault
Charlie Chaplin's basement
oh well made an inner title is that oh
no oh no intertitles added for dramatic
Oh
silent screams hey silent screams copy
written 2016 red letter media that's the
title of the film silent screams
production begins next week
so Mike would you know J would you
recommend this film I would not oh right
we had one great film about of which
this year and I named this one
uh you know
is he blind it's kind of messed up
around the blind guy isn't we do this
tonight yeah
don't breathe is a film about a group of
low-level thugs that break into an
elderly blind man's house to steal his
fortune little do these dimwits realize
that this old blind man is some kind of
ex-marine or army guy or whatever and he
possesses superhuman abilities to sense
when someone is near him except for when
he can't do that which is about half the
time hey let's talk about don't breathe
okay which is not in theaters or never
was or it was the number one movie in
the country like two weeks in a row it
was in the theaters yeah it still is
what it's still a movie that is out have
you seen in the film the whole time I
read that intro I was thinking of a
different movie where there's a mute
lady I was home is being invaded oh my
god so many think we were talking about
hush I did oh my god there's so many
horror movies about people with
disabilities being attacked yeah I
watched hush
that movie was suckier than don't
breathe but it was still good I liked
hush was okay yeah but anyway this film
it takes place in Detroit yeah there's
been a lot of movies shot in Detroit
over the last few years that really
utilize how shitty and horrible Detroit
looks there was it follows was shot in
Detroit Jim Jarmusch's last movie only
lovers left alive with Sean Detroit and
they really utilize just how dumpy that
place looks but yeah the movie looks
filthy and these characters are are kind
of sleazy except for the guy who looks
like a clean-cut like high school kid
and then there was one guy named his
name's like money or gee money or
something and he's all tatted up and
crazy
so they got a rumor that guy on a block
that's basically abandoned except for
his house he has got a secret fortune
because the clean-cut kid his dad works
for an alarm company
and it's access to all the keys to all
the places that his dad is in charge
yeah that's the premises that they got
to break into this old guy's house but
he's not just some old guy he's a badass
what you call a high concept movie it's
it I like them you know like this movie
I'm not getting a good vibe from you
here no I like the movie a lot I thought
it it was interesting to me that it was
the number one moving the country
because it's essentially a very sleazy
exploitation movie it's slick like it's
modern it's shot like contemporary movie
but story wise it's very sleazy which
we'll get into when we talk about
spoilers but it feels like a high
concept b-movie idea yeah done very very
well done well enough where you kind of
aren't thinking about how silly parts of
it are while you're watching it yeah and
I think it could pull the wool over a
lot of people's eyes like just this
looks like a modern horror movie but the
ending gets very trashy and very very
goofy yeah but it's um it's it's one of
those concepts that I like I like people
trapped in a building trying to figure
out ways to do things rather than just
example Blair which remake where you're
just in the woods and whatever happens
happens in your fucked and there's a
supernatural force I could do anything
and you have no choice but yeah there's
no sort of story progression it's in
something like Blair Witch it's like
they go out there and then bad things
happen and then the movie ends right the
only story progression was we finally
found the house I guess they were
looking for it yeah I don't know anyway
back to don't hush don't pretty ya know
this one it very efficiently it's a
really well made movie from a directing
standpoint and a storytelling standpoint
but before we get we get to the house
everything before that is it's very
quickly set up the situation what's
happening and then once they're in the
house we're in the house for basically
the rest of the movie and and it keeps
the location interesting as far as the
way it's shot I like the use of the
night vision part yeah it's supposed to
be complete darkness rather than
you know James Cameron blue lighting or
whatever it was it was different that
that's the part when you see movies like
that where it's supposed to be pitch
dark and but there's still people going
like this but it's brightly lit and it
looks silly they get completely around
that here it's not green night vision
it's a sort of a gray mm but it works
it's effective it doesn't look silly
when they're doing like this because
you've seen night vision before and it
kind of has that same effect yeah yeah
but effective I think what makes it work
is that one that I mean the characters
aren't the most likeable characters I've
ever seen in a movie but you you kind of
understand them they have motivation
there's motivation you understand them
you you you can you know who they are
the one guy loves the girl but she's
with the douchey guy the guy you know
that you know out of the three of them
which one's going to bite at first
though sure you know they're they're set
up their situation is set up their goal
is set up and it's a it's a concept I
haven't seen before yeah the killer
blind guy well and even open to a
certain point you have some sort of
sympathy with the old man up until a
certain point in that chain changes it
had a few too many uh characters looking
around and then they turn he's right
there there's a few too many of those I
feel like they do that like three or
four times right in a row and I don't
remember too many but but as far as like
you always like the movies that are just
setting one location yeah that that's
like that's fine with me as long as and
they add most movies that attempt to do
it seem to pull it off where they they
can keep it fresh you really have to sit
down and okay here's the movie we're
making people are trapped in a house
with a blind guy why don't they just
jump out the window you know and then so
you have to like okay no they can't do
this no they can't do this they attempt
to do this but it's foiled by this and
alright you know all the little parts
like okay now why don't they try to do
this and uh and then at one point they
do find this money and then that kind of
changes direction and that's yet more
and she does get out of the house and
then right back in
there's that wonderful action sequence
with the dog trying to eat her in the
car oh yeah and which felt like and we
got to get out of this house and do
something out of this house people are
gonna hate this movie because it's just
in the house and then they do some stuff
out the house and they come back in and
then you find more revelations and this
happens and then some fucking awful
disgusting things happen I'm not going
to spoil and then it has a satisfying
conclusion it stumbled a bit in the
ending for me because they kind of again
without going to spoilers but they set
up like a moral dilemma for our main
character and I do not like it pays off
quite too well I'm sure the Detroit
Police have better things to do than try
and figure this case out but so some
plot hole kind of stuff happening with
the ending and the wrap-up and but we
don't want to get too into thing we're
not gonna talk about spoilers on this I
don't know should we or anyone that's
seen the movie and is interested we'll
go into spoilers a little bit here skip
to this timecode to avoid so yeah just
when the movies finding its groove and
you're like okay I see what the setup is
I see where we're going boom we take a
turn and it turns out this old man has a
rape dungeon
he has a woman tied up who's the woman
that killed his daughter that he is well
that's that's the first realization oh
now we're going into a different
direction and then you know they untie
her and then through situation she ends
up getting shots and you find out she
was pregnant with his child and you're
like oh it just keeps going in like
these more borderline absurd but it's
still like you're in it you're you're in
into what's happening story wise yeah he
becomes more villainous at that point
where at first he's just defending his
house and his property yeah and then you
discover he's insane right he's try like
that like pulling the rug out from under
you where you're you're sort of
sympathetic to his situation yeah and
then it just completely derailed yeah
he's uh ray oh no he didn't rape that's
what he says I've got a rapist I just
filled turkey basters with filthy semen
did you know
close up of the semen there's like a
hair in it like it's completely
disgusting yes yeah shelves that turkey
baster although he is a woman kidnapped
and he's making her have his baby via
turkey baster not a rapist is a morally
upright man because he really wants his
daughter back
the first he was because that was the
girl at random ran her over
yeah drunk driving I think she took my
daughter's life so now she's going to
give me a new daughter something like
that it's like I you're you of a vagina
you'll do ya have a uterus you get
desperate times desperate times call for
desperate babies I don't know but yeah
it's so that that point it's like yeah
what do you do with this guy yeah we
certainly don't like him but he's a
little messed up in the head all he
wants is his daughter back how's he
planning to raise his daughter when he's
96 years old then I don't know I wasn't
planning to raise a baby I don't think
he's thinking that far ahead
yeah so that's how the movie becomes
full-on sleazy exploitation film and I
was I was on board for it yeah because
it's all it'd be different if it was
like if it felt like cheaper or like
more poorly made but it's a really slick
well-made fast-moving movies the guy did
the Evil Dead remake which I thought I
liked that Evil Dead remake more onry
watching it than I did the first time we
saw it
mmm just yeah just really it would call
it efficient filmmaking so yeah and then
we briefly discussed the morally
ambiguous ending which is nice yeah well
I mean she's put in a position where
it's like she can either tell the cops
about him and she doesn't get the money
or she can keep the money and live with
the guilt of knowing that he's probably
going to kidnap more women to try and
impregnate them that are no justice for
her to murdered friends
well that too as well yeah but it but I
feel like they set that up and then it's
just sort of like oh she just leaves I
guess it's over this kind of pill out a
little bit at the end for me so we went
to the hospital and kill them oh my god
ice pick in the brain if you're going
sleaze like why not go all out you know
she should've done gun
Hospital I'm gone to a maternity ward
stole a baby slipped into his room and
surgically implanted the baby into his
belly there you go
then the doctor said you wanted a baby
here's why
here's one fucker just as crazy as you
are dr. sue the only way to get this
baby out just to pull it out of his ass
and then it just cuts like a silhouette
of them like pulling two baby legs
Austin Powers style silhouette I wish
I'm just screaming in the camera slowly
darling back you want people talking
about your movie once it's over that's
an ending people talk about that pull
the fucking baby out of his ass like way
more about that than just shoving a
turkey baster down his throat which was
pretty gross that John oh yeah turkey
baster in his mouth
but it's satisfying it's satisfying for
the sick monster to see him him get his
just deserts his creamy creamy dessert
the solution even called don't look
sleeves classy sleeves
yeah you don't see a lot of that
especially a movie that is this wide
release and the did so well yeah it's
it's kind of impressive man thank that
needs to be no category classy sleaze I
don't know what else would go on that
category gone girl huh girl that classes
please let's classy tabloid easly yeah
this holds different subgenres okay
there's only sub subgenres yet classy
sleaze yeah good gone girl yeah I guess
that's classy sleeves yeah you're right
a little soap opera a little tabloid a
little Lifetime network movie I'll mix
made by David Fincher what
so like would you recommend don't
breathe everybody already saw it but
yeah if you haven't seen it yeah I would
recommend it it's a good walk it's a
solid tight little movie and I don't
mean little is like an insult but it's
not ghetto some grand thing just a solid
tense movie
well Jay it looks like Blair which
wasn't the only bomb this weekend it
also wasn't the most disappointing thing
this weekend what a bad weekend hello oh
hi mr. Plunkett but we've been waiting
for you what's up
well I've been doing some thinking I
figured since it's taken you guys five
years to fix my broken vcr maybe it's
time i bought a new one oh oh yeah yeah
I went to the store but they told me
they don't make VCRs anymore so then I
went to the thrift store how about a
whole bunch but they're all broke hmm
not following you well I need you to fix
them you numbskull
I'm working on the 1000 monkeys at 1,000
typewriters theory here I figure that if
I buy one thousand broken VCRs that you
two assholes can fix at least one of
them but wouldn't you also need one
thousand VCR yeah yeah you know we can
do that that's a great theory mr.
Plunkett and a wonderful idea but we are
going to have to charge you mega over
tau of course yeah yeah I know I'm
dipping into my life savings to pay for
it I'd ask you two to help me bring them
in but it probably just charged me for
that too pure goddamn right we would
oh fuck ah
leisure what do we got there
quasar 160 looks like got a sharp up top
sir not a very good brain Oh
gold star Oh gold star that that's a gvf
five four four six I haven't seen one of
those in years
oh wow did you see this is the surprise
none of these work still yeah Panasonic
Brad oh really
Oh
well now it's really going to take a
long time to fix these mr. plinkus well
how many did you get
Orion why I thought that was a bankrupt
movie company they're back actually Oh
apparently so is the VCR
all right back the truck up
