Mar 15, 2016 
10 Cloverfield Lane and Me Him Her
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOgcYl8f2ts
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/709766391096844288
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153488035972634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-10-cloverfield-lane-and-me-him-her

Half in the bag.
I love talks movies...in my underwear.
well it's been a week or
two since we were transported back in
time and blink its house put back in its
proper place by aliens who gave us a
very important mission which for the
life of me I can't remember what it was
nothing I've been too important that no
I mean aliens intervene in human history
every so often you know the building of
the great pyramids and then now when oh
when they transported us back in time to
do something oh I forgot that part too I
think Jay it may been for us to watch
movies and review them why would we do
that that sounds like a horrible waste
of time but anyways I saw several films
recently - to be exact
did you also perhaps see the same two
films I did I don't know what two films
did you see 10 Cloverfield Street
Nightmare on Cloverfield Street whatever
the hell it was called and me Earl and
the dying girl know me me myself and
Irene me him and her a film by the
venerable max landis 10 Cloverfield Lane
stars John Goodman as Harry I mean
Howard and Mary Elizabeth Winstead as
Nadine I mean Michelle and then some
other guys also there while it doesn't
seem to be a sequel to Cloverfield it
does borrow its name for marketing
purposes Mike what did you think of 10
Cloverfield Lane I love this film Jay it
was very good I hadn't heard about it
until the minute before I saw it that's
that's the case of everybody they made
this movie completely in secret nobody
knew it existed until a month ago uh
yeah I mean dude that was kind of like
the marketing angle with the first
Cloverfield movie
was very like cryptic like what is it
what is it and then I was like oh it's a
Godzilla knockoff well that's the thing
is like there was all sorts of viral
marketing and easter eggs and viral ad
campaign and oh slusho means something
and like piecing it all together and
then you go see the movie and it says
the Godzilla movie and this was this had
the counter effect of zero marketing
other than the title other than they
kind of reminded me of like the Stephen
King books how they're always in Castle
Rock main right I said where it's like
just like a thread or a theme or not
even a theme just something that ties
them together right I'll take place in
the small town in Maine yeah it's kind
of like like what John Carpenter was
trying to do with the Halloween series
after the first two the halloween 3 was
supposed to be its own separate thing
and then it was going to be just an
anthology series loosely connected by
the season of halloween only this one's
loosely connected by the name clover
fields so they're even less connected
for who maybe there's some little Easter
eggs in this or something that tie it in
but as a general movie-going audience
they're completely separate movies they
have nothing to do with each other
the only easter egg I saw was the the
gas station was the Kelvin which was in
Cloverfield as well as Star Trek the USS
Kelvin was the first that's the JJ
Abrams bad robot thing yeah somehow
somebody knows about this and slusho was
on they were advertising that at the gas
station which brand their own brand of
slushies I guess I don't know don't
follow this crap the point is all that
aside the movies a good movie about a
girl who is driving crashes a car and
wakes up chained in a guy's doomsday
shelter it was very much like Harry s
planket I don't know someone I heard of
a big big fatso weird all that but oh is
he that guy whose videos keep eating
copyright claim
we discover that there may or may not
have been some kind of incident outside
a nuclear attack alien invasion
biological attack who knows but that's
the thing is like is this guy really
just a nutso or did something really
happen and then our hero is this girl
and there's another guy in there with
her and subtropical a is out it's a very
very small movie yes in terms of scope
which is which is what I loved about it
I'm very big in terms of drama I was in
the middle of a thought oh my god
how do you feel about the fact that it
is called clover fields like is this
because I know the movie was conceived
and shot as a separate thing and then
they added Cloverfield later and I think
there's some pickup shoots Lincoln look
has with a mailbox oh yeah I think that
was like an addition because it is it
just cynical marketing to try and get
people to see this movie that maybe they
wouldn't otherwise see or is it a
subversion to get people that are used
to these big overblown movies to see
such a small scale because it feels like
a like a smaller independent like like
VOD type movie yeah which we had
mentioned before the movie the hidden
and it's somewhat writing me of that
hidden this like forget your Captain
America civil wars and your x-men
apocalypse Bob shelters are where it's
at Hollywood um but I don't know Jay I
don't know I can say I saw this movie I
didn't even see a trailer I know John
Goodman was was in it John Goodman was a
mean guy in a basement that's all I knew
all I knew and it was called Cloverfield
which I guess you're right because
perked my ears up is this going to have
a sci-fi monster angle to it something
about that okay oh my god has about 95
percent Rotten Tomatoes score everybody
seems to like this I'll go check it out
III don't know what the answer is
because I don't know what their
intentions are but I know just I mean I
think it's a great movie but I know if
they released it called I think the
original title was like the cellar if
you just put this movie out the cellar
nobody was seen it nobody would have
seen those movies true
even though I think the trailer was
great I like this type of story this
sort of really call it like a bottle
story where it's all in one closed
location really claustrophobic really
well executed too and acted like
everything about this movie is great but
without that connection - oh that's
something that I know it might not have
stood a chance and maybe that was JJ
Abrams or whoever had the idea that was
their thinking is like this is a great
movie but no one's gonna see it so let's
you know do this get it out there and it
feels like a movie from another era like
until towards the end which I keep
getting to that yes well that's not now
because let's say from frame 1 to 95%
the movie is great
so spoilers from here on out skip to
this timecode to get past this review or
to hear the end of it or wherever you
want to go I'm sure you're dying to hear
what we thought of me him/her so skip to
this timecode check that out but or just
close the video and skip over to some
some YouTube three-minute trailer
reaction yes
I hear they saw spider-man in the end of
the new Captain America Civil War video
oh my god did you see that today no this
side and see the way we shot his web out
that did you see what he's flipping when
you can see his back and he's got the
spider symbol on his back so circle a -
so I'm going to keep you alive
you were an accident and I saved your
life by bringing here everyone outside
of here is dead
what was great about it was he pulled
off like a legit weirdo without being
Randy Quaid from in uh Oh 2012 you know
bond only fallout shelter the aliens are
like that he quit in 2012 it was woody
yeah woody harrelson right whatever yeah
Independence Day was Randy quit same
character and all those liberal
interests when when you go with the the
isolated redneck in flyover country yeah
who's scared of the government who's
scared of aliens who has a fall shelter
they're always like stock character but
John Goodman just seemed like a
disturbed person yeah he seems to
believe what he's saying and he also is
the best kind of villain where he
doesn't know he's a villain what
happened to your arm we tried to escape
I was trying to get in what was that
quiet how do you know that this is real
she escapes there's a big dumb action
scene that goes on forever that reminds
you of what movies are like nowadays
that this movie avoided up until that
point but then she's driving away in her
car and she hears on the radio there's
like a ramp to go to Houston she's
heading straits but on the radio it's
like we need help we really need people
to come help us out in Houston and she
makes the decision to back up and go to
Houston which is a nice little arc from
the beginning of the movie which is her
running away from her problems without
dealing with them like that works we
didn't need to see her throw a Molotov
cocktail into the mouth of a organic
alien mech creature thing to get there
so that's the part that I had problems
with yeah well the whole movie you're
wondering what what actually happened
outside is John Goodman crazy or did a
real biological alien some kind of
attack happen at one point we see a lady
come up to the window of the shelter and
she's clearly burned or has some kind of
disease I'm a heavy in you know
something happens to his pigs we see the
pigs are dead so we know something might
have happened but we don't know what
finally she gets outside after building
her own like a biological suit hazmat
suit what chemical suit out of shower
curtain it's duct tape and plastic
bottles it's a pretty clever wasn't it
nice to see a movie that was clever I
was thinking about that like establish
early in the movie that she has some
experience he must be a fashion designer
so she understands sewing and that comes
into play all these things that are set
up that have a payoff there's wonderful
yeah
lots of things had were well paid off it
was a good script up until the very end
and so she gets out she's running around
trying to get a car started and then we
heard this weird humming noise we look
up she climbs on top of the pickup truck
and then she sees what's clearly an
alien spaceship kind of hovering around
a distance and she goes oh great or
something out there come on she aw come
on like
hard cut to credit I was thinking the
exact same like that's great I would I
would have stood up and applauded it
because like you said the story was over
once she got out yeah and and then
that's when you hear the little
producers going well you can't end up
moving on next yeah so then it comes
there's a big thing with an anus mouth
that's hiding in the shed getting out of
the shed running in the car in the alien
is that we got to get people to popcorn
money bad and then um aliens are
spraying around this orange chemical
which is kind of like what I assume is
the pesticide for humans and it's
established that there's some fires
burning is established when the
pesticide hits fire it explodes so then
she has a bottle of booze and a magazine
which is to both set up set up in the
beginning which were probably your
reshoots sure but that Bo she can make a
Molotov cocktail while she's being
lifted into the air by an alien
spaceship and light it and throw it my
eyes rolled so far back in my head I is
this mighty jury yeah a brain injury
disappointing but it's one of those
movies where it's like okay great movie
but they added this crap at the end for
dummy is in them you can just kind of
like dismiss that right something's
coming
it was just like we have to end this on
a big explosion and maybe that stuff
wasn't reshoots who knows I don't know
what was reshoots maybe it could have
just been the insured of the mailbox and
the the slusho gas station I have no
idea yeah and and as a straight-up like
say she she got out and we discovered
that the lady that ran up to the door
was an escaped mental patient who had
burned herself on the way out of a
mental hospital and there was absolutely
nothing wrong with the world I still
would have been very satisfied well the
player to get out went was the the
interaction between three characters in
the basement and either way once she
gets out movies over for me loved it
well that's it for spoilers great movie
great performances great really slow
ratcheting up of tension in almost every
scene yes
so don't go into this expecting
Cloverfield - with great scenes of
destruction I saw one thing on IMDB it
said why why why was this on IMAX that's
a fair point
once it feels like the story should be
over you can just leave you're fine and
and that's when she climbs out of the
fallout shelter
spoilers movie chosen she climbs out
jisuk random funds the anus alien the
butthole creature they were all butthole
creatures weren't they there's the big
ship it was like organic and mechanical
and it had a big anus thing there's the
little thing running around that was
just a big anus thing
what does JJ Abrams obsession with
anuses the whole film was a metaphor
because she was running away from her
boyfriend because he wanted her to have
anal sex ah
so I was like a big nightmare just woke
up from it okay and her boyfriend on the
phone was played by Bradley Cooper I
don't know why he just did a voice voice
over part is his name on the poster
wouldn't that be horrible Bradley
Cooper's starring Bradley Cooper in the
new Cloverfield sequel one fear of Bud
sighs I'm not ready to take that step
what you're breaking up
something's coming
something's coming
well speaking of giant anuses let's talk
about a film that has a giant penis in
it I'm talking about max Landis's cameo
and his film me him/her oh but I thought
you were talking about the fact that
there is a giant penis in the movie - oh
the big puppet yeah oh my god I totally
forgot about that you are a leading man
there are stakes here Brenda it needs to
be a secret or a career moving or thing
at this point it should be a secret from
acclaimed writer director max Landis
comes a film called me him and her or me
him her shot in 2013 shelved and then
released on VOD this past Friday me
him/her is about the shocking truth of
gay people in Hollywood life love
lesbians sword fights shouting and
awkward extras propel this comedy into
space all this critic can say is more
Scott Bakula well Jay what did you think
of me him/her you're on camera well Mike
this movie was ripped right out of 1997
and I don't mean that in a good way this
felt like a movie from the mid-90s I
would say and I guess I just a lot of
good movies were made in the mid-90s Jay
there were but there was also an entire
sub-genre movies that I hated the 90s
and I hated these types of movies which
is the the young 20-somethings with
minor relationship problems that
absolutely nobody could possibly care
about but them I hated reality bites I
hated like Empire Records like all those
type of movies and that's what this
reminded me of a lot and it also
reminded me a lot of chasing Amy which
is probably the most obvious example
yeah jaysene amy is a movie that's at
the time it felt very kind of edgy and
fresh progressive look it's a sexual
orientation and then you look at it now
and it feels so quaint and simplistic
and outdated and that's me him
her this movie felt like it was from a
different decade all I remember about
chasing amy was the first 10 minutes was
the funny Star Wars dialogue and then
the rest of the movie was Joey Lauren
Adams screaming in a car it's true
there's lots of screaming here's the
thing though about Jason Amy uh we're
talking about choice a game here meet
him/her we're talking about both because
it's connected here Jason Amy it takes
its time to really like I think that
movies kind of dumb now in retrospect I
liked it when I was a teenager and maybe
teenagers will like me him/her I don't
know but the characters in that movie
are very very well fleshed out before
they enter because it's about a guy that
falls in love with a lesbian and you get
to understand their personalities very
well and so you feel something for them
when the drama happens I can tell you a
single thing about the lesbian character
in this movie other than she had a
girlfriend that broke up with her I
can't tell you a single thing about her
or the guy who are these people
yeah they weren't they weren't very
likable characters but before we get
into that bring it in the movie I mean
should we remind people of our our
association with our friend max landis
we like max he's he's maybe former
friend after this I no no no um max max
we poorly reviewed his film American
justice or wet hot American summer I
doubt American ultra All American ultra
yes American ultra which which I liked
the the only thing I didn't like was the
casting really in American ultra but
there's a whole episode about that go
watch that so max came out and was our
guest in the fine City of Milwaukee and
was on an episode of Betsy's worst where
we all shared an emotional bond and
experience while watching the Neal Breen
film
and you know after that we've we've kept
up with Max and we communicate with him
here and there
hi I'm max landis and in August of 2013
I made a movie a real movie not just one
for you - it was so exciting I never
directed anything before and it was one
of the best experiences of my life
the movie is called me him/her the
original title was pronouns but we
thought metal just confused people now
we we've watched his latest film which
is not his latest film right do you know
the details of that as far as well not
really I noticed max has uploaded a
bunch of of his own videos promoting you
should be they called me about four days
ago and they said uh you're in charge of
the marketing I said the movie comes out
in two weeks they said yeah yeah he's
kind of marketing it himself I think
there's a video of him and he's talking
about me him/her and there's a little
boy like a two-year-old
oh yeah i'ma say two chips and I liked
and so he's been doing sort of like
viral marketing there's one where the
screen grab is like to make it people
and that's it's like two seconds of that
and they walk off frame he's like get on
it right way I'm here to talk about my
movie thanks Emile you can go come on
come on they'll be in a kiss prank hi
I'm max landis but anyway Max's Max is a
great guy and I think the thing is is
that this this kind of this movie wasn't
for us I actually liked Victor
Frankenstein I liked the movie up until
like the last ten minutes we got to go
off and he's got to make the
Frankenstein again of a Frankenstein
movie without a Frankenstein in it and
then Chronicle was good and even
American ultra I like the writing in
those was more suited to my particular
taste this kind of genre doesn't really
appeal to me unless it has really really
strong characters are really good it
felt like two things that weren't
blending together there's
Zini max landis s comedy and then there
was like oh now take me seriously
moments that was like oil and water
yeah and that's you mentioned like
because I think max is a smart guy if
you've seen anything with it interviews
with him him pitching ideas for things
like he has tons of ideas and even in
because I didn't care for Victor
Frankenstein and like American ultra but
even in those and especially in
Chronicle he's good with character
writing he's good at fleshing out the
characters which is why I was so
shocking in this to have no characters
like the the the lesbian and the guy
they hook up one night and they're just
you know the lesbian her girlfriend
breaks up with her so she's at a bar
getting drunk meets the guy they get
drunk together and they have sex in her
car and they go their separate ways
the next time he just happens to through
coincidence see her across the street a
few days later so he runs up to him and
they immediately start having an
argument as if they were in a
relationship and like the kind of
argument you would have who had been
seeing someone for a while that's the
one that you drunkenly slept with once
and then never saw again it was like
what why are they like why do they care
about each other I felt no connection
between anybody well in defense of the
movie a little bit they did spend the
whole night like it wasn't just like we
got drunk and wandered into a parking
lot had sex the premise was was that
they bonded over the whole night and
they had this whole thing where she I
could see you rolling your eyes
internally where she said there's a bar
for five seconds no no then they spent
the whole night almost until the Sun
went up like walking around talking all
night and then she says like you know
you you know you really like someone
when you don't have to think of things
to say when you could just talk
naturally with someone over the course
of the whole night I think they did have
more of a bonding time than just sex
sure but anyway you're kind of you're
skirting paths the general premise of
the movie which I think was it was I
think it was he was trying to do a twist
on like what you were expecting from the
trailers and all that which was the
premise is a Hollywood actor guy
straight and narrow
handsome Hollywood actor guy is secretly
gay and he calls
slubby friend from Florida old high
school buddy
to come out to help him come out of the
closet and schlubby friend is usually
the the wacky comic relief like let's go
get drunk and the movie ends up being
about him and not the the lead so it
kind of twists that direction well
there's like he said that's sort of
subverting what you expect from this
type of movie and they kind of did that
with the actor man too
I don't remember any of these characters
names so their actor man man and lesbian
that's their character names now but the
actor man Gabby was the girl okay but
actor man he's he's scared to come out
of the closet because he thinks it'll
ruin his career and the the subversion
or the running joke throughout the movie
is that everybody already knew he was
gay I'm gay I know why didn't you tell
me why didn't I tell you your sexual
orientation Oh what about me is gay so
it's like he comes out to his parents
and they're like oh yeah we knew and
he's like why didn't you tell me he says
and they're they're like well why didn't
we tell you what your sexual orientation
is everyone says that to it and everyone
says that to him and it's kind of a
clever idea but at the same time
subverting it like that takes out any
sort of drama that the movie might have
cause it's like nobody cares I mean it
becomes more about him like learning to
accept himself or whatever but yeah but
he's not fleshed out enough where you
care yes the the biggest letdown in
terms of the drama part would have been
Scott Bakula and Geena Davis reacting to
his gayness because his parents are set
up as a kind of conservative regular
people they're like la it's terrible all
people do is drive around in their cars
and insular insular cars and Scott
Bakula even though he's in the film for
30 seconds he's the best scene in the
movie yes when he's like men don't have
best friends boys don't have best
friends yeah a man does not have a
friend yeah I was like laughing
hysterically at Scott Bakula home oh he
should have just been about Scott Bakula
but anyways so then at the end
he comes out to his branson of course
they say they know and so it's a go okay
there is a tension with the parents what
was the film really supposed to be about
yeah because at the end i think you're
right with the angle of it was more
internal for him and less him worrying
about what the world is going to think
of him and really it was just internally
right
the gay actor Ben I thought was was the
most likeable character the problem with
a lot of the characters was that they
sounded like max landis that was
something I want to bring up too is it's
that sort of the the Kevin Smith or
Woody Allen effect to where every
character just sounds like the voice of
the writer yeah which is why I think I
gravitated towards the Hollywood actor
guy because he didn't he just sounded
like a guy with a problem and the third
element it was the the kind of satirical
how this is how Hollywood works angle
which is the scene with him and learn
rim agency where you know he's got the
the people that work for him or like you
either come out of the closet as a
career move late in the game or you keep
it hidden you know that all felt really
dated all that stuff that goes when I
say it's something out of the 90s that's
what I find it felt a little dated but
then like and then this the the parody
of the show he's on with Haley Joel
Osment like hard justice who also steals
the movie in the 30 seconds he's in it
even though the scene is overly edited
yeah he has a funny bit where he's
running on his treadmill and there's
cats all around him and he's like I
gotta exercise at home cuz they won't
let me bring my cats to the gym I got a
few laughs I got from Oliver they want
to step in the ring and take a swing at
the King Wow so you got a wacky comedy
with with a bizarre use of on-screen
text yes in some times it worked there's
a cute part where they're playing I
forget what song it was with it was like
a montage where they're at the carnival
oh yeah and he wins the banana with the
Rastafarian hat and they're playing some
song and he's trying to give the the
stuffed animal to people do you want
this no you know and it felt like felt
like a silent movie with inner titles
and I was like oh this is cute this is
clever but then there was one part where
you couldn't hear what the actress said
and it seemed like yeah well yeah I felt
like well because she kept mumbling if I
like it was put there subtitles because
you couldn't understand
yes yes it was like what and then
there's another part which I was going
to ask max about Bob when he's in the
stall at the gay bar and he's like he's
like you're that you're the famous guy
and he goes no my name is Gronk blah
blah yeah and then the text pops up and
I was like is that an ad-lib like was
that an ad-lib by the actor did the
actor fuck up was that you know and so
certain times it worked
certain times it felt odd so it's like
there's that element there's the
Hollywood satire element and then
there's this like please take a serious
drama angle and those three parts a
triangle did not it make you know I mean
yes yeah but did you notice that the
movie takes place in LA I need you to
come to LA welcome to Los Angeles uh
yeah it's not like like you look at a
movie like Blues Brothers where it's
it's very much a movie about not about
Chicago but Chicago is a big part of it
and it feels like it's an important
setting for the movie with this movie it
felt like it was more in love with the
idea of taking place in la than la
really having much to do with it other
than the the actor satire snow fell flat
anyway the guy who's like this this
place they call la is so so weird yeah
like where you've just met a couple
people
yeah they got streets and streetlights
here it's crazy but speaking of Blues
Brothers um
so I don't know some of you may know
this some of you may not know this a big
chunk of The Blues Brothers was shot up
in Milwaukee because there was a part of
the freeway that was under construction
and the scene called for the Bluesmobile
to kind of hang off the edge of the
thing and then it goes back into the
back foot
so you could see as it's driving by you
could see the US bank building in the
background you can see all the Milwaukee
landmarks and so we're driving with with
with max on the exact stretch of road
where they film then I was about to say
hey max you know when your dad made the
Blues Brothers they filmed some of that
here is about to say that
and then Max is sitting there he goes so
Milwaukee's like a real City huh
stop damn you
I'm sure he knew that I'm sure he knew
that little fact it probably didn't give
a flying shit probably but anyway Stan
made tons of movies I already care about
this one specific element from this one
movie I know it's just a little trivia
thing not many things are filmed in
Milwaukee Blood Brothers and
transformers sequel yeah yes and they
filmed the exterior of an apartment
building uh okay her bridesmaid for
bridesmaids and let's bought it big
changes coming to the lakefront now that
movie crews are getting ready to shoot
some scenes for the next Transformers
movie if it's anything like the other
two films transformers 3 will put
Milwaukee on the map
enough about Milwaukee enough about Los
Angeles did you know the movie took
place in Los Angeles
I think they mentioned it once or twice
and no more max landis stories hello max
you're welcome back anytime if you ever
want to watch the next Neal Breen film
pass through with us and I think we're
waiting for you for that one when does
it come out I think it's out I don't
want the film ends in an epic sword
fight yes what what does that mean
JJ was there anything you liked about me
him her I like to cut back yellow but
it's tries to subvert a lot of tropes of
like romantic comedies but it doesn't in
a way that the plates any sort of
investment in the movie like I liked the
idea that the the lesbian characters
ex-girlfriend like whenever there's an
ex in these type of movies they're
always like such a horrible asshole or
such a horrible bitch that you wonder
like why was the person even with them
and they take that too ridiculously
over-the-top degree in this which I
thought was funny in concept but again
it's at odds with the more dramatic
elements of the movie oh and I was
curious certain things felt inside jokey
too which is not a good thing to do I
mean we can do it like with like our
film because no one's going to see it
but what felt inside jokey uh well the
banana with the Rastafarian hat because
I don't know if you watched past the
credits oh yeah I keep showing up this
thing when I'm like yeah like me it's
just a person I'm like is that a joke
like what what happens when you get one
of those big dumb stuffed animals at a
carnival like what do you do with it but
that's a whole comedy bit in itself I
won this giant stuff Tom fuck it's
constantly inconveniencing us yeah
there's a whole nother comedy bit but
there's that and then a little thing I
picked up on was it the
Bar there's a TR of a guy in the
background and he's like he's like no a
rum and coke like oh yeah do you put
Jagermeister and a rum and coke he's
like that's our policy I was like what
and that comes up again later
yeah and I'm so I'm like is that is that
was that Max's drink like rum and coke
with a splash of Jagger in it or
something like that I dunno maybe it's
an L a thing as dumb Midwesterners
wouldn't understand fly over moo-cow
whyever moo-cows don't understand the AV
the LA bar jokes in this film I didn't
mind the concept of the the guy from
Florida falling in love with the lesbian
Gaby I mean other than it was done in
chasing amy sure but I just I couldn't
understand what she was saying I needed
to turn my hearing aid up but case in
point uh this is a film for people born
in the 90s who take adderall and that
for grandpas like me I guess
you're just like stump only you should
be called stop
