Apr 14, 2016 
Hardcore Henry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ioit5DWsWsw
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/720695904706105346
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153571045832634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-hardcore-henry

Half in the bag.
I don't even know what's wrong with my face.
so when that fucker rich you know rich
the other VCR repair man who was
introduced in the last episode when he
comes through this door and he will you
start shooting okay I didn't care if
it's someone else I'll start shooting
anyway cuz you don't really have to use
a sight on a shotgun right I it couldn't
hurt well over the recoil would probably
break my face also it could hurt it
would yeah and also shotgun is like a
wide spray so it's not like a sniper
rifle but you know I'm inexperienced
with firearms so I'm just going to go
ahead and do what I was doing okay we
could be here a while
go ahead
okay go guns gang heavy and I can't wait
five minutes without beer mm-hmm okay
this would be a lot easier if the two of
us weren't alcoholics fuck it you know
what if he comes through we'll just pick
up the guns and Saoirse with them we
don't just sit here waiting for him yeah
I mean have you seen that round boy he
can't move fast on uh who even knows if
he's gonna come here he may have fled
the country moved up to Canada where all
the other pacifists limp-wristed
socialists live ha hey this shotgun
doesn't even have a pump on it and even
think I could fire it oh wow oh I guess
I could fire it yeah it's fine it was
just CGI blood which eliminates it of
any sort of emotional impact it reminds
me have you seen hardcore Henry
hello had me relax okay
scam process actually hardcore Henry or
as I like to call it hardcore headache
or parkour Henry
you picked the clever alternate title is
the world's first POV action movie
surprisingly this was not based on a
video game but based on a music video
will there be a video game soon could
hardcore Henry the game be the first
video game based on a movie based on a
music video who cares
all I know is I wish someone would shoot
me
Reginald what did you think of hardcore
Harry Leisure Suit Larry Mac that's
going way back that was the world's
first video game sex game winter made me
think of this movie because the original
title for this film was hardcore I don't
know why it was changed to hardcore
Henry but I know hardcore was a 70s
movie with George C Scott it's like a
it's it's eight millimeter before 8
millimeter it's better because it's
dirty Scott this is a famous scene of
him breaking down in the movie theater
is that a famous scene because I was
thinking about that I was like that's
why is that scene not used more why is
that scene not a meme
it's the most amazing thing ever
I think people people use it kind of
like the the Hitler scene that's what it
should be that every time there's
something to react to there's a new
version of that Hitler scene but nobody
uses the jerk see Scott freaking out in
the movie theater they should they
should everybody should use that it
should listen up internet internet meme
makers here's an example of what you can
do with that scene
party's over kids
the clown has arrived
I'm the more enlightened age the space
age from the future at office outer
space cop from the past me cop from the
piece you're trying to tell me that
you're a cop you look more like the
mailman or an ice-cream truck driver who
ate himself out of patience should you
like eating those things space cop you
even know what hotdogs have made it oh I
guess we're talking about hardcore Henry
I am there's not a lot to talk about so
this movie is 50/50 Furby buy the song
love hate love hate really reaction yeah
it gets an A for effort an a-plus for
effort but I had seen the music video
that this was inspired by it's the same
this is the first film feature directed
by this guy but he did the original
music video for I think his own band and
I remember seen that when it came out
and then I saw the trailer said this
movie is like there's no way that a 90
minute feature can keep up this momentum
and energy that this music video has and
I was right so some parts work really
well in some parts don't and that's all
that matters in a movie like this
because the storyline is super thin and
really doesn't matter yeah I guess it
goes without saying that I was little I
was hoping for more from the story and
one big problem with that was a lot of
the exposition came in the end of the
film yes which made like it kind of
annoying for the first 80% of it and
there were a lot of like elements that I
found fun and creative and I wish there
were more of particularly the opening
scene when he wakes up in the lab and
the the the Hans from die hard the super
villain shows up as I say he looks like
an albino Crispin Glover yeah
he has Darth Vader eyes I was going to
say Hans Christian Andersen what's his
name Harriet Tubman who's the guy in
Revenge of the Sith the guy who was the
actor Hayden Christensen Oh Hans
Christian Anderson Hayden Christians I
get it I get how you would come to that
I suppose my the synapses in my brain
are misfiring everywhere but well your
core doesn't say you just watch our core
Henry I called the lead actor of Revenge
of the Sith Harriet Tubman watch how
horribly misfiring my synapses are
firing misfiring yeah so there's opening
sequence in and hardcore Harry Henry
wakes up and it is like you know I'm
it's like Robocop I'm a robot and
looking around and then I was thinking
of roebuck is the Robocop Total Recall
there's a whole bunch of whole but that
sequence in particular though because
there's a whole section in Robocop this
is POV and the bad guy busts in and then
there's like uh we got to escape but
they run out there was a guy in escape
pod and he's like fuck you
yeah and then and then they shoot out he
grabs a girl and they shoot out the
escape pod and I'm like older and some
kind of airship this is awesome it's
very sci-fi and of course all the robot
stuff and you know the former scientist
for the bad guy who was crippled because
the bad guy crippled him and he uses a
virtual reality helmet and and robot
duplicates of himself that he cloned he
can only have his conscience in one
robot at a time which is fun there's a
sequence there's a musical number which
comes out of nowhere which is kind of
great because it's something exciting
and weird and yeah when one stops
performing it falls down and the next
one comes in yeah and then and then the
one of the guys is like a British World
War two soldier an old like limey
bastard private
about Beauty chinchou the net Hong comes
too quickly on the soap these is it's
really fun because you're there running
around and they're there instead of just
straight up shoot them up violence oh
yeah I love earnest to it well that
whole sequence in particulars is
probably the best action scene in the
movie because it's just a series of
action scenes that's the whole movie and
that one it's like it's a clever
sequence the way it's presented is
clever it has a clear goal and a clear
sense of geography as far as what's
happening which is nice because there's
the the original scientist man who's the
crippled guy and they're trying to lower
him down in this like makeshift elevator
thing down the middle of this big open
stairway
make sure you stay below the cripple
that whole sequence is like it's clever
in a way we're like the final action
scene where it's just Tim fighting and
endless amount of guys on a rooftop and
it just kind of keeps going is not
clever
yeah at that point the action became
nauseating
he's confronting the bad guy the bad guy
headquarters and I thought okay we're
gonna do a thing with the bad guy
because a bad guy has magneto powers
somehow which I don't know if has ever
explained it's not explained which I'm
okay with it's just that this is sort of
like a like when I saw the trailers for
this I was thinking of the crank movies
oh yeah and the crank movies are of
course the best movies ever made if you
are unaware too high voltage to is
amazing and number six on AFIS top 100
films of all time it should be numbered
for the fire okay I'll go there's a
couple more movies that are better than
cranked to high voltage but and like the
crank movies especially the second crank
movie this movie seems to be kind of
just throwing everything at the wall and
seeing what sticks it's not quite as
crazy
it has weird elements but there's a lot
of sort of bland action scenes to the
crank movies are the only ones I can
think of where it has this constant
momentum and constant adrenaline that
doesn't get tiring like this movie does
and I think a part of it is Jason
Statham he's actually character and he's
charismatic and in this movie we have no
character really yeah there's nothing he
doesn't even like the movie starts he
doesn't know who he is and we don't
really learn much about him throughout
the movie a tiny bit at the very end but
Tim Roth is his father and he smashed a
toy robot yeah and that's at the very
end we kind of get a little bit of X or
e to this guy so there's not really
doing to root for
he doesn't talk which I'm sure was a
deliberate choice by the filmmakers so
they didn't have to worry about that
with the first-person POV stuff so it's
just yeah there's not really a lot to
latch on to aside from just admiring
some of the the stunts and the the
visuals
well the good news is that you're gonna
live a while
bad news is in this case 20-30 minutes
tops
this is fucky war baby so this guy made
the music video for a band his band and
his band and it's it's like this good
visuals terrible sound effects good
visuals and then the guy who made
Abraham Lincoln vampire hunter send a
message on Facebook and said I like your
video won't you make a movie
is that actually what happened yeah and
he's like okay and he's like just make
it are you gonna get i want final cut
okay sure whatever go make the movie I
guess to give money or get follow put
producers in his way who gave him money
and then he's a producer on it and so
he's like do you think it'll work for 90
minutes sure well you go ahead why not
who no one's ever done it before and I
give the movie credit for that for
attempting something that's never been
done before sure this is a POV action
movie with no story that's what it is
and that's what they wanted to make yeah
and it didn't get like overly burdened
with like a love story or and anything
that would have like Hollywood producers
would have shoved in there it doesn't
need to be Hollywood schmaltz you just
need something they need a character it
needed to yeah and you needed if they
had pulled off a 90 minute POV action
movie that that somehow transcended
above its material and had a deeper
meaning a deeper element to it a deeper
connection where you're like oh that's
brilliant that's really good I really
feel something here wow they did that
with a POV shoot them up video game
action movie because we have not used
the term video game in a derogatory
sense towards this movie at all no
because there are people out there oh
say video games can be smarter than
movies they can be more having better
developed characters they could have
better storylines calling this movie a
video game though is appropriate hmm and
and it unfortunately it like furthers
that stereotype or that
idea that video games are just nothing
but just sitting there shooting I think
it's interesting because there are video
games now where the story is more
important than the gameplay where you're
practically watching a movie and then
you have a movie like this where it
feels like you're watching somebody else
play a video game it's like our wires
are getting crossed okay what it good
news is that you're gonna live a while
the bad news is there's an army standing
between you and your wife so let's go
better
this is the first movie that was made to
be cut up into 25-minute parts and put
on YouTube there you go because the
structure of the movie is action scene
or level level 1 level 2 level 3 yes and
in between each one is a little bit of I
wouldn't even call it exposition I would
just call it talking where is somebody
they stopped somebody's talking to them
you got to do this got to plug this into
this oh shit action scene 2 starts each
action scene has a specific end goal
like a video game yeah we're like a
theme like here's an action scene in the
back room of a seedy strip club yeah
here's an action scene on a bus here's
an action scene you know here and and
it's so each one is its theme and it's
look that's the general structure and I
guess I was sort of interested in the
bad guy a little bit I want to know more
about them I want to know why he could
he has magnetism powers I like that they
didn't explain that he's just a weirdo I
didn't know if he was part robot or what
and then it then it's like the plot is
he's making super soldiers and then
there's the Total Recall twist when the
the
oh shit yeah that's a big spoiler yeah
that's the only spoiler
there's a lot of like action scenes and
little set pieces that just kind of come
out of nowhere and take you by surprise
yeah and it's really hard like to fault
this movie a lot because it is it is
very well done as far as like I don't
know who the the guy is that plays the
guy but he's I believe it's multiple
stuntmen it's not one guy I was gonna
say whoever they got was like someone
that's really good at parkour parkour
Henry and also we should pay special
commendation to the whip pan which helps
cover up lots of edits well hide your
edit do it pan yeah well that's good
though I mean it's like you could tell
where this little this little part was
that had to happen yeah so they probably
set up and filmed and we got to get this
part and then so here's the next thing
and all I don't flow together seamlessly
they weren't they weren't trying to say
this is all a one-take POV movie no
there are very clear edits yeah that
were edit well there there's there's
jump cuts to which is almost defeats the
purpose of even doing the whip pans
it's almost like one of the other yeah
yeah but um I would have preferred a
more smoother looking POV well they yeah
I mean that I believe they shot the sole
thing on GoPros the consumer-grade
GoPros it has that sufficient to it and
the quality level wasn't quite there for
see I would have actually liked it if it
looked a little cheaper like I liked the
music video because there's such a
purity to it and it's very clear that
there's no like digital trickery I mean
there might be little bits here and
there but in the minim time up the
original video like when he's climbing
up the buildings are jumping from
building a building it's very obvious
that this is real stunts really
happening and with this movie it's it's
it's I mean I guess that's a compliment
to the effects guys and then it's sort
of seamless but it makes it harder to
appreciate because you don't know how
much of it is completely you know phony
or done in the computer I read a little
quote from the director and he feels
very strongly about
chuckles stop okay he said the movie
should at first be it should be
practical with CGI were necessary not
not CGI we're practical is necessary not
inverted so I didn't take that to heart
with squibs
you watch this movie and just think of
how complex and harder oh sure to make
and then you're like I don't know I'd
probably get a lazy two and go can we
just do a digital blood splatter there
instead of trying to time all this shit
out there were a lot a lot of rubber
heads and props and oh yeah I can tell
when there was a real like there's a one
shot where the guy comes in and he but
blows them up with a shotgun and there's
books yeah you tell that was real
that's almost why it's more distracting
when there is the the CG because it
never blends in properly it takes you
out every time it's yet and it's
unfortunate in a movie like this because
there is so much else to admire to me I
would almost prefer like he's you see
him with the machine gun and he's
shooting guys in the trucks I would
almost prefer just like they get hit no
here don't even worry about it yeah
every time someone gets hit there's a
little like CGI color blood hitting the
windows of the inside of the cars and
it's just like not everyone explodes in
a little bits of blood so we've grouped
in the fallout you know just is you a
fine fine
we're going too hard on hardcore Harry
no I mean it's it's I admired it more
than I liked it and that's it's almost
frustrating because it's not doing great
at the box office like it's number it
opened number five or something under my
Big Fat Greek Wedding - and it's left
the movie with most McCarthy in it I
thought the movie with Melissa McCarthy
Anna wasn't my big fat greek design
haven't Greek mmm what she might be she
might have a little Greek in her I
usually yeah that's usually that's just
some weekends because she gets fucked by
Greek guys oh yeah as opposed to
something like a Batman V Superman or
shitty Melissa McCarthy comedy number
106 something like this that it's at
least attempting to do something a
little different by with the origin of
violence absolutely
it's something different like eggs are
and it's very niche though I don't know
it didn't feel like a wide release it
doesn't feel like a movie that most
audiences would a 15 year old boys a
video game nerds like it's a very very
thin razor thin audience because most
normal people go that looks like it
would give me a fucking headache yeah I
think they were banking on the gimmick
of it though as being like a selling
point which is why they opened it so
wide there's maniac the maniac remake
with Elijah Wood that's all POV mmm and
a better use of POV this movie just
feels like let's do it to see if we can
you know it feels it it feels like a
gimmick as opposed to the maniac remake
which it's it's completely changes the
movie as far as what its purpose is
which is to get you in the mind of this
deranged murderer and have you sort of
understand him psychologically so it's a
little more depth to the purpose of the
POV in that this is just look what we
did this movie reminds you of Run Lola
Run at all a little bit when he was
running through the little shops in like
whatever that underground tunnel thing
was and the muse
was very techno yeah I was thinking to
run lola run during that part and that's
a movie that keeps up that energy
because that's true yeah there there is
that's like ticking clock 101 like
here's your plot yeah here's what's
here's what you got to do
Melania it resets every 30 minutes or so
we're seeing the same story told you
know slightly different three times to
keep it fresh as opposed to this which
it just kind of keeps going yeah it's
kind of like you're in a sports car and
you hit up the gas and then you hit the
brakes get the gas I hit the brakes
now it's gas oh my god
Jesus place my gums on the table oh geez
I was getting a little too into my
metaphor who built this building the
Chinese they built the railroads there
takes us across the United States
overall their Braves feeling late is
slow like bloody you know are you gonna
stand up and go spill this
I'm having a hard time J I'm having a
hard time functioning brain realizing
what it just saw my brain really wants
to like it my stomach doesn't want to
like it because I threw up I throw up
all over my crotch I would have
appreciated if you had gone to clean up
and then came back to watch the rest of
the movie as opposed to just sitting in
your own vomit for the next 45 minutes
so I clean up if it's just gonna happen
again you know it's like why brush your
teeth every day if you're just gonna eat
food that's why I haven't brushed my
teeth in five years I know I know and it
saved you and I a whole lot on
toothpaste breath mints and trips to the
dentist office whenever I ate a
toothache I just do like Tom Hanks and
cast away I just have an old rusty
skatin just yeah I just knock it out
with a rock yeah at home dentistry life
hacks my fags yeah my facts remove your
own fucking teeth The Rock I don't know
is this a big screen experience J um
it's just a home TV experience to me the
pictures seem to kind of fall apart a
little because of the quality of the
GoPro yeah like it got blurry during
lots of motion I would say it's a home
because when you watch it at home you
can pause it you can take breaks
it just it admire it for what it is
without it because you're not going to
get an engaging story so at least admire
the technical aspects of it in in
fifteen minute chunks yeah having the
ability to pause it and watch it at home
it's probably better yes then the
theatrical experience plus when you
throw up all over yourself you're close
to your hamper Oh share shower mm-hmm
theater doesn't have a shower in it
maybe they will install them temporarily
for this filament it's like that those
theatres with the D box experience
recent in the little booth than like the
seat vibrates is not know the sort of
thing this is the thing that exists so
they did that but they also included an
overhead shower so you can clean all the
vomit off
yourself that would be helpful just wear
a giant like sumo diaper there you go
like wow they give you Poncho's when you
come into the theater oh there you go
Matt poncho like a Gallagher show yeah
except for Gallagher kids
well I guess we should go back to aiming
our guns at the door
are you pointing the gun
