Dec 3, 2016
2016 Movie Catch-up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqFyvZN_XHU
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/805197868147605504
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154136892312634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-2016-movie-catch-up

Half in the bag.
Hello and welcome to a very special 
episode of half in the bag
I'm Mike and I'm Jade and on this
episode we're going to talk about all
the films of 2016 well all the ones that
we saw that's right all the ones that we
saw that we didn't previously do on half
but that's correct because as you know
Mike the only movies that we ever
discuss on half in the bag our comic
book movies you know except for the
hateful eight the ridiculous six
revenant me him her 10 Cloverfield Lane
hardcore Henry Green Room Independence
Day resurgence ghostbusters
Star Trek beyond stranger things don't
breathe
Blair which shut in or arrival but aside
from those is nothing but comic book
movies ever in fact this was a good year
for comic book movies or was it a bad
year I don't even know anymore
let's look at the numbers well we have
some statistics here Mike we have the
top ten worldwide grossing movies of the
year and then just to compare we have
the top ten us grossing movies of the
year Jay how did 2016 compared to
previous years in film know that I don't
know I don't have any notes about that
but on the top 10 we've got how many how
many comic book movies 1 2 3 4 5 half of
them are comic book movies number one
worldwide was Captain America Civil War
made over a billion dollars number two
also made over a billion dollars finding
dory someone must have seen it
Zootopia another animated movie about
talking animals also made a billion
dollars just under a billion dollars at
number four was the jungle book with 966
million
oh my god number five is another talking
animal movie Mike it's the secret life
of pets with 874 million so I guess
talking animals is the way to go
when are they going to make a new
version of Animal Farm by George Orwell
well I think I think they go for like
happy friendly talking animal well
they'll just still just change it but
it's not about communism no it would
just just be about it'll be about
friendship totally about friendship
okay or the communist system the animal
setup works brilliantly oh there you go
number six everyone's favorite Batman V
Superman eight hundred and seventy three
million dollars the highest-grossing
movie okay this is statistically the
highest grossing movie of all time that
absolutely nobody lights no and then
number seven is Deadpool 782 million
number eight Suicide Squad 745 million
then Doctor Strange with six hundred and
seventeen million and then number ten
the mermaid the Stephen Chow movie that
was huge in China or wherever and I
don't think it's even played here yet oh
so we're doing worldwide return that was
worldwide the top ten us is almost the
same except no the mermaid okay but the
point is or the trend is if you want to
make a billion dollars make a movie
about a comic book or a talking animal
or a mermaid so these are the type of
movies that we like to do one half in
the bag because they're the type of
movies that everyone likes to discuss
yes well Jay we're now going to take the
roster for half in the bag 2016 and
throw it off the window oh my god and
we're going to talk about stuff that was
not featured on any half of the back
episode this year looking back at 2016
what would you say your favorite film
which
what went way out into this wilderness
to find leave in our country
kindred our fathers houses for what the
vich the ravitch the bitch is my
favorite movie of the year I love it I
think it's a masterpiece that's when
some of these movies are ones that we
both seen you've also seen the wage
right I don't know if I'd say was my
favorite movie of the year I would say
it's the best movie of the year it's so
fucking good it's the first time
filmmaker which is shocking to me
because it's so like it feels like it's
made by someone that's been making
movies for decades it's like a master of
their craft yeah it's a very Kubrick
esque it reminded me of The Shining as
far as the the sort of deterioration of
the mental state of this family and the
just the constant dread it was this just
really intense atmosphere that sticks
with you long after you're done watching
the movie it's a creepy feeling movie
yes it's so well done
oh it's a it's a it's a
edge-of-your-seat but not in an
action-packed kind of way movie it's a
oh my god yeah where those long
lingering shots you don't know what's
going to happen next I loved it
I thought it was visual I thought it was
breathtaking and then I farted a lot I
said that yeah it's a it's it's a movie
about a goat named Sammy the go know
he's black Phillip black Phillip the new
horror icon black villain yeah the
acting is superb
especially the child actors in it yeah
there's Lee
done seen two little kids and then the
older daughter then the parents and the
two little kids are like little adults
like like kid actors usually suck anyway
but especially in movie like this where
you have to explain to these small
children how to authentically replicate
you know the 1600s and the dialect
because the dialogue in this movie is
very era accurate in a way you don't
hear very often yo yeah and the dialogue
and the accents
yeah accents are really different um
there's not not a lot in terms of story
it just which is you know I usually like
a really cohesive narrative where I'm
like okay I know it's happening but then
there's movies like this where the the
whole movie as a whole congeal so well
with everything else yeah it just sucks
you in with the atmosphere and the the
look of everything so it's an
atmospheric piece it's a tension filled
movie it's disturbing it's strange it
keeps you engaged by all those elements
well I love I know some people one of
their complaints about it is that I it
gives away any sort of mystery early on
I don't want to get too much into
spoilers but I guess this is the
beginning of the movie so why not but
it's like you know you go see this movie
this family has been exiled from their
their village that they live in and
they're living on the edge of the woods
and so it's like oh is there going to be
a witch is it going to be like a
psychological thing or is there really a
witch oh there's a witch there's a witch
and it's doing something completely
fucking vile
in the first five minutes of the movie
so then it's just like I don't know to
me that doesn't dissolve the tension
it's like the old Hitchcock thing of
like we know there's a bomb under the
table but the characters don't right
where it's like you're watching this
family turn on each other
and you're just waiting to see like when
it all falls apart this is the deployed
Kubrick esque and that will lead me to
my next film which I will say tied or
came to a very close second to the Witch
and that's the brothers Grimsby starring
starring Sacha Baron Cohen
he's going undercover how could you not
tell your brother what you do I was
spying you know you should keep that
quiet I've also seen this film and it we
should point out because I also have
least profitable films of 2016 and the
Brothers Grimm to be is number eight on
their of the top 10 budget 35 million
box-office twenty eight point seven
million well it couldn't turn a profit
from a thirty five million dollar budget
no no I want to see this Brothers Grimm
yeah this movie sank faster than the
Titanic and I don't know why uh it's
weird
I saw trailer last night or yesterday or
the day before for a new movie called
like office Christmas party oh yeah
Jason Bateman and Jennifer Aniston you
know your usuals yeah um and it's like
Oh someone fell off the wall and someone
farted on a cake and whoops there's a
donkey and the elevator heavens have
mercy
wacky hijinx um so no one's ever made a
wild movie about that here come check uh
32% Rotten Tomatoes score tanks just
like like cuz I your prediction come out
yet well the thing is it's like that's
my prediction 32 percent every move
every comedy tanks and I star the Andy
Samberg pop star that's one of the
biggest ones I'm gonna list here and you
know what it is it's not like it's not
that the audience I don't know if it's a
mixture of audience not wanting to see
it with pop star that there wasn't a lot
of interest from the audience yeah but
it's also like reviews being horrific
allene egative the brothers Grimsby had
terrible reviews and a lot of these
other comedy movies have terrible
reviews and then you go in there and I
thoroughly enjoyed brothers Grimsby uh
yeah I don't think I could defend it as
a good movie but what I can say is that
I laughed a fair amount which I rarely
do it's weird I laugh a lot like just in
real life in general I'm always laughing
at crap but well then watch a comedy
movie I'm like it takes very weird and
specific things to make me laugh
and Sacha Baron Cohen even in this movie
the brothers Grimsby
a number of parts that are so stupid but
they're stupid in a very specific way
that I've noticed in his movies where
it's almost like like a self-aware
almost like he's doing it ironically
which makes me think of you when we do
like a terrible fart joke sure it's like
we know it's terrible so he has this
sort of almost like dedication to going
as stupid as he possibly can
that is almost admirable even when I
don't think it works and there's a
couple sequences in this movie that Jeff
definitely do not work oh sure but he's
not afraid to get really genuinely
offensive which I appreciate yeah I love
everything this man does from Holly G on
oh they see seats make you feel like a
fish to yourself the melon heated seats
he just just throws it all out there and
like what what who gets AIDS by blood
flying in their mouths is it multiple
people get AIDS blood in their mouth if
I recall yeah I didn't see this movie in
months but there was like yeah the try
the AIDS child gets shot and then of
course there's the elephant uterus scene
yes I mean we could probably pull up a
clip of it but we're not even going to
bother yeah watch the movie for that
alone
it goes to such an extreme it reminded
me of like the early 2000s gross-out
comedies yeah where it's like everyone's
trying to top there's something about
Mary but this one goes so far that's it
his dedication to just be in as awful as
possible yeah but it's like it's not
like I don't know it's not over-the-top
awful like I'm just trying to be awful
for awful sake no it's gratuitous it's
intentionally Girt it's intentionally
gratuitous but self-aware and and I
think that's the key point is that it's
not it's most people just go as stupid
but I don't know maybe it's a preference
maybe it's a certain taste but it at
least feels like somebody's vision
somebody's comedic vision as opposed to
something like office Christmas party
would yes feels like Generic studio
comedy yeah my one negative about the
brothers Grimsby well I might want
negative but the biggest thing problem I
had with is the pacing felt really
relentless like they were afraid to give
anything
room to breathe I just remember it moved
so fast that I found it a little too a
little too fast paced for a comedy okay
let them jokes play a little bit more
like the elephant uterus joke - Wow that
one could have gone on for another 25
minutes and I would have been fine
well film I saw I don't believe you did
is the neon demon
neon demon is my other favorite movie
the airline's were much read since I
visited a catch-up Factory well you
tried the neon demon is my other
favorite movie of the year I loved this
movie it's what is that you don't even
know where it is you're rolling your
eyes oh you're just looking up it's
unrelated I see like drive it's a very
simple story but it's more about the way
the story is told that makes it
interesting some people call that like
style over substance I just call it
filmmaking I don't know in beautiful
cinematography
best looking movie of the year favorite
score of the year Keanu Reeves shows up
and he gives a really weird kind of
sleazy performance that made me laugh
and I think that's the key is I'm like
only God forgives which was really dry
this movie's got a really kind of dark
wicked sense of humor to it that I
appreciated and then in the last acts it
gets really fucked up
really fucked up in a way that I saw it
in a mall theater playing right next
door to finding dory and I was like this
is wonderful that I'm seeing something
so filthy and vile in a mall theater we
talked about with any it was with don't
breathe where we talked about like
classy trash where it's like it looks
nice it looks slick but it's really kind
of more of an exploitation movie and I
would put neon demon in that category
too so tell me J when you got out of the
theater you switched science right
so of course ya know my mother used to
call me
dangerous let's talk about I don't know
uh let's talk about a film that we both
saw I think the nice guys
March I'm gonna play a game to give the
wrong house
called shut up unless you mean oh yeah
the shame back from Russell Crowe and
Ryan Gosling speaking of Nicolas Winding
reffing yeah nice guys in 1970s era cop
film buddy cop drama comedy mainly
comedy Russel Crowe as a grizzled old
curmudgeon and Ryan Gosling is the
hapless wacky detective with a little
daughter I can't you know I can honestly
say I don't even remember what the
actual plot of the movie is and it
doesn't even matter this is a murdered
porn star drove her car off a cliff and
crashed in the backyard that's right
that's right
it's more but it is more of a movie it's
a it's a classic sort of buddy action
comedy like I'm they don't really make
anymore right Russell Crowe's greatness
is Aledo liked him very much but he's
good Ryan Gosling is fucking hilarious I
got a license to carry dumbass and ever
since your little visit this little
baby's gonna stay right here
don't move I think the only things I've
seen him in or the the other Nikolas
winning your effing films so I just know
him is like serious man that doesn't
talk oh no Ryan Gosling has has that has
range yeah nice guys I've heard
complaints that like it was boring what
I've heard people say that um mainly
because it's not like it feels like a
movie from the 80s yeah
where there's not a lot of like
over-the-top ridiculous action sequences
the only action in the movie is people
shooting guns at each other and it's
completely satisfying because you like
these characters all you need
it feels very retro yeah very throwback
it's very um subdued like the way just
the way everything happens in it it's
really unfortunate that a movie that is
just a solid well-written funny action
comedy is now considered like a quaint
throwback movie yeah there's no big set
pieces it's no big set pieces other than
just like I mean there was a set piece
towards the end with like on top of the
hotel yeah you know but it's that would
that would be substandard for the
opening of a modern action movie a big
ending of this movie but it's it's it's
more just like a fun like you said you
can't really remember what the plot is
yeah it's like a like a Big Lebowski or
two about just sort of like hanging out
with these carrots these hanging out
with these characters exactly so that's
a winner yes uh well there's another one
we both saw we've already made fun of it
several times on half of the bag and and
best of the worst it's the boy no
Brahms is not like have the children it
is very important that you follow these
rules be good to him and he'll be good
to you
classic spoilers the classic guy living
in the walls movie they're boring they
came out in January
yeah it's very boring lady has to go
help be a nanny at a house for grandma
grandpa and then not her grandma grandpa
just an old cub just the gold couple and
they're very wealthy they have a mansion
she comes in she says I'm a nanny I'm
here I'm here to do my job as a nanny
and then they they go here's a sudden in
the ha ha ha you're fucking kidding me
right grand Oh cuz it's a doll yeah it's
a doll and then I think her crazy
boyfriend shows up at the end yeah it
was like comically over-the-top you
asshole boyfriend oh but you left out
they leave the doll with the girl the
two old people and then they go off to
kill themselves oh yeah by walking into
the ocean we're just like the least
efficient way to kill yourself know what
a terrible way to try and try and commit
suicide it was it was um was a visual
Jace is beautiful there are no visuals
in this movie just flat boring shouts of
hallways I wanted to see grandma and
grandpa with butcher knives gang one
three no you go first
no you that have been the whole movie
just a movie about an old couple that
are like trying to kill each other or
kill themselves at the same time it just
keeps cutting back yeah I'm like in
different ways they're like holding
rocks above their heads like and you're
gonna drop it like push each other off a
cliff they're brought did they're
holding hands are gonna jump off a cliff
yeah they both Neil tried you hesitated
Bernie and then we keep cutting back to
the woman in the house of the doll and
the end of the movie she's like oh I
guess it was just a doll no no the big
twist now in movies is going to be
there's a ghost the house is haunted oh
my god I thought it was a boy
in the wall and we'll be good to him
like you I watched a film starring Chris
Pine called the finest hours I don't
even know what this is
got an 18-foot fracture not home how do
you want us to proceed over
it was it was exactly what I thought it
was going to be it's a good
old-fashioned movie I said you know what
that looks like a good movie I want to
watch that that was me as old man okay
it's about it takes place in the early
1950s it's a true story based on the
most daring maritime rescue of a vessel
in distress in the history of the United
States Coast Guard now if that don't
catch you I don't know so this is the
sort of those movies that like when you
run into your grandpa at a family
get-together he says I saw this movie on
TNT the other afternoon
exactly J don't remember what it was
called what it was about and they tells
you exactly what you just said yeah it's
kind of like that that movie that came
out which I did not see called Deepwater
Horizon
Mark Wahlberg on the BP oil rig that
exploded a couple years back yeah and I
said all the critics gave it great
reviews and I said to myself you know
what that's probably a damn good movie
about an exploding oil rig that's
heartwarming and and and patriotic and
quality.i side yeah I don't need to see
it you'll see it on it and when it's on
the afternoon on TNT and then you'll
tell some relative at your next family
gathering I saw this movie do you
remember that oil
well I saw film very similar it was
called the greasy strangler tell you a
secret
I am the greasy strangler hey I call
bullshit on that is it one of your weird
sex pervert movies I kind of it's a it's
produced by Elijah Wood it got a pretty
wide release it's like I said earlier
like when I'm actually watching a comedy
film like I don't laugh a lot
this movie was fucking hilarious I was
laughing a perfect stranger the greasy
strangler
it's uh sort of like John Waters meets
Tim and Eric I have to say this I'm very
intrigued I'm not being sarcastic sure
John Waters meets Tim and Eric yeah me
more my dad came to cranky sometimes as
your father I forbid you to marry he
sure has a temper on him he likes to
show I like to smile I well a lot of
people have been comparing it to Tim and
Eric and I think it's more just because
one of the main guys looks and sounds
exactly like Eric from Tim and Eric he's
big and has kind of a dumb guy voice but
it's it's essentially a love triangle
between a father a son and this girl
that they meet and the father also
happens to be a local serial killer
called the greasy strangler he's an
elderly man that is completely nude
covers himself with grease and goes
around and strangles people and he also
loves grease on his food the more grease
the better he wants enough grease to
fill the world is what he says when he
gets his food and so he lives with his
son and they have a like a little love
triangle with this woman it's gross but
it's gross in a really like innocent way
like looking at Garbage Pail Kids cards
you know it's not like like off-putting
ly gross it's got the most bizarre
dialogue it casts I guess you would say
they're bad actors I would say
unconventional actors where you give
them the right dialogue and the
things they say will be way more
hilarious than if you cast a
professional actor in that role kind of
like like the egg lady and pink
flamingos
what do you mean Humpty Dumpty was an
egg how could a person be an egg carton
how could a person be an egg it's like
that dialogue coming out of someone
else's mouth would not be this funny and
that's the Louie is like like Leonardo
DiCaprio exactly remember heavenly know
rather than I remember how hilarious his
attempts at acting in the revenant where
else so it's just a funnier film than
the roses well no one gets raped by a
bear uh but yeah it's certainly not a
movie for everybody I've got some
complaints that it people saying it's
trying too hard to be like like a like a
cult movie or something but I just
watched it as a comedy and it made me
laugh a lot all right Jay approves
another weird sex till you're all right
Braden thanks dad that means a lot
coming from you
well another fella we both saw conjuring
two they're calling it England's a
medieval there is a family that
desperately needs our help after
everything we've seen there isn't much
that rattles either of us anymore but
this one this one still wants me solid
solid creep creepy film a little bit of
a again a little bit of a stretch from
the reality of the ghost story that is
based on do you think you think so I
don't know if you'd call it a stretch
more like a complete fabrication luckily
the only thing that's that's vixy
reality is that there was this family in
a house and the Warrens went to it well
they're there there's some stuff I did a
little research after watching it but
certainly the house didn't explode in a
court of law l didn't open and a giant
demon comes out yeah and and starts
thrashing London and they space aliens
show up reverse time as far as like the
kind of mainstream horror goes James Wan
is the only one that seems to like as
far as contemporary ones go that knows
how to stage and execute a proper like
horror sequence it has it built up and a
payoff that isn't just jump scares he
does him but he uses him sparingly and
he uses them effectively good good film
the conjuring films are good yeah I
liked him I like the first one more and
I haven't seen the first one since the
theater but I remember it being more
kind of grounded and kind of old-school
horror yeah and the second one things
were more over-the-top
in a way that as it went along I kind of
yeah that disinterested the exorcism at
the end of the first one went into the
over-the-top territory well like she was
in a chair there's a happening yeah but
this one there's like there's a
character that shows up called The
Crooked Man and it looks like something
out of a Tim Burton movie it is like I
know you do those those insidious movies
this feels more appropriate for those
something a little more fantastical yeah
but there's another sequence where
they're trying to get in touch with the
demon in the house and the whole thing
is the demon doesn't want you to look at
it or whatever and so we get a close-up
of our characters face looking away from
it and it's a little girl that's
possessed so she's in the background out
of focus and we just focus on Ed's face
the whole time and she's just out of
focus in the background and kind of
slowly morphs to the demon and so I'll
just out of focus in the background and
I like the the kind of smaller scale
sequences like that James Wan delivers
quality horror films I just wish he
wouldn't get so over the top at the end
yeah but you got a you got a kind of
make those those teenagers look up from
their cellphones that's true
did you see demolition you know I keep a
list of movies to talk about you know
whenever we end up doing these and I was
looking through my list in preparation
for this and I saw demolition on it and
I said what the fuck is that did I see
that and I had to look it up to remind
myself that it's a movie I watched dear
champion vending company I put five
quarters in your machine and proceeded
to push me to but should have given me
peanut M&Ms; regrettably it did not
I found this upsetting as I was very
hungry and also my wife had died 10
minutes earlier Demolition I had a
really good trailer and a good premise
and yeah well what I remembered once it
came back to me once my memory was
jogged was it's his wife dies and he
starts having like a conversation with a
tech support person right it's Naomi
Watts no no he writes a letter to a
vending machine company yeah yeah and so
they start communicating that way but
simultaneous to that too as the title
says demolition he starts kind of slowly
dismantling everything in his house and
destroying his house and it's like
symbolism got it from what I recall it's
it was a good film it's an adequate
drama but it's not it's not yeah it
hasn't taken root if you like on the no
symbolism and and okay drama
you
well Jay let's talk about the lobster in
the room and the dog my brother he was
here a couple of years ago but he didn't
make it did you read the leaflet yes I
just as you understand from your
brother's experience if you fail to fall
in love with someone during your stay
here you'll turn into an animal have you
ever danced with anybody yes
it's an animal you'll have a second
chance to find a companion I like the
lobster I have a feeling on rewatch it's
a movie that I will find more rewarding
its sense of humor is insanely dry which
I liked I liked the premise you can go
to this compound to meet a mate for life
and if you don't meet your mate in a
month or whatever it is and you get
turned into an animal and everything is
very cut and dry and specific in this
place like you have to be either
straight or gay you can't be bi when
he's getting his shoe size he's like 13
and a half and they're like we have 13
or we have 14 and so everything's very
regimented and specific like that sounds
exciting but like I said it's a very dry
sense of humor and it's very bizarre but
the the the humor is never funny or
witty
now have you thought of what animal
you'd like to be if you end up alone yes
I lobster a lobster is an excellent
choice
let me just say this I love lobster the
food yeah but I hate the lobster I I
didn't finish it I shut it off
okay and we're just out of boredom well
what the by the time he ended up in the
woods
well that's the thing is the movie is
essentially two halves the first half is
all in the compound and that's the
really strong stuff I thought and then
he leaves and the second half is sort of
a parallel of that where it's this is a
he joins us community where you're
supposed to be more free and they don't
have all these restrictions and rules
but he comes to discover that they have
their own restrictions and rules so it's
sort of parallels it the problem is I
just don't think the second half is that
strong it's the first half yeah I don't
know maybe I'm too dumb maybe I didn't
get there they're wonderful brilliant
metaphors or whatever they were trying
to say about relationships or human
nature something but I found the the
strangeness to be distracting in in a
bad way very rarely did I laugh or find
the the the way that it was presented to
be humorous
like I get it but to me it just became
frustrating like no see I thought the
way it was executed is what made it work
it was so like shots are just locked off
and it's very stark that the way it was
shot is dry in addition to the like the
dialogue and the yeah I mean I can
appreciate that in something else but I
just I wasn't getting anything out of it
I like a weird movie like a dry movie
like a dry wit but with this I was just
like maybe it was above me and I'm not
gonna pretend I liked it because
everyone else did I thought it sucked
and I was born no yeah I enjoyed it I
didn't love it I think what I said right
after seeing it was I think I liked it
and if you encounter any problems you
cannot resolve yourselves it will be
assigned children that usually helps my
give you heard about a film called the
shallows
yeah
I've seen it around it's a shark movie
it's a shark movie and it's terrible a
lot of people seem to like it I guess
how is it different from open water it's
different in the sense that opened water
you've seen open water no but I know the
premise okay open water was very like
fly-on-the-wall realistic boring in a
good way where it's like they're stuck
out at sea is that would be the shallows
the exact opposite of that it's overly
stylized our main character she gets
stranded out in the water with a shark
and she's just constantly talking to
herself explaining exactly how she feels
and exactly what she's trying to do at
every possible moment there's no
subtlety it's it's it's aiming for the
dummies in the audience to make sure
they understand exactly what's happening
at all times there's no like gritty
realism you never feel like she's
actually stranded out there because the
the actresses name is Blake Lively and
she's super hot in the movie which in
and of itself is not a problem but in
the context of what's happening it's
distracting where it's like she's been
laying on this rock Sun beating down on
her for days and she looks like perfect
except for a little bit of chapped lips
and that's it it's almost worth seeing
though for the last 10 minutes when it
turns to complete schlock complete
action CG shark unbelievable flock oh my
god oh yeah
the shallow sucks but it's sort of funny
another breakout movie of the year that
uh was polarizing our people liked or
didn't was called swiss army man oh yeah
this is crazy
that's how you were dead well I did
think so you're talking special special
you like the multi-purpose tool God uh
Swiss Army man uh I hear people walked
out of this film at Sundance I guess I
can understand why I don't know I
enjoyed it I thought it was very funny
in a very odd and specific way yeah
that's a great way to put it uh it's
it's not a great film but it's different
yes very very different well that's I
think that's something you can say about
all at least on my list like my
favorites like the Witch and the undie
men and and this and some other movies
is that the the feeling movies that are
made by a filmmaker mm-hmm you know
these are reasons why we don't review
them on your show we got to talk about
Captain America 8 yeah where Captain
America punches people yes this army man
it's it's hard to pin down the tone of
its because it's got farts and boners
and weird potentially gross out things
but it's delivered with this sort of
whimsical sincerity mm-hmm I don't even
know how to explain it but it's it's
just like charming what was boners or
charming yeah it wasn't the directors
goal of it like a man rides a farting
corpse and then um by the end of it
you'll be crying or something like yeah
I guess yeah it somehow makes you care
yeah yeah cuz there's a little backstory
with Paul Dano you actually understand
him as a character and you like him and
you care about what happens to him in
this farting corpse movie people don't
like other people's farts is that why
you don't fart in front of you I just
like to do it alone
or hold it in that's what you're
supposed to do that's so sad I was
amazed that this was a movie that
actually held together and worked and
and could have brought a motion out of
like the way it was shot and the music
and this all that while still having
like farting corpse and using him as a
as like a fountain where he's got like
water spewing out yeah I was just weird
things like that as like this should not
the tone of this movie should not work
but I'm enjoying it don't be freaked I
saw another film Jay that's called it's
called the adderall Diaries what happens
to us makes us who we
it's in the past it doesn't mean you
need to bear it guarding James Franco
who's secretly genius poet who
occasionally does giant big-budget
schlock for cash but also makes very
artistic films like Palo Alto and the
adderall Diaries based on a book by
somehow someone based on a book by
suppose of as a book you never read or
heard of it suck what is it I've never
even heard of back uh-oh he plays a guy
who's an author and he had a famous book
about how his dad ed Harris beat him up
as a kid and how he overcame that and
became like a great artist but I beat up
James Franco he was my kid too
his only accomplishment was writing that
book and then his day he thinks his
dad's dead or really he'd knows his
dad's not dead but then I'd Harris shows
up at a book reading he's like you made
it all up you fucker and that turns out
that James Franco has false memories and
his dad was really pretty pretty ok dad
than the movie ends this sounds riveting
fuck if the movie on cuz that Harris
he's a pretty old gentleman at this
point if the movie are describing ended
with him showing up at the book signing
I mean like you made all that up and
then just beating the shit out of James
Franco and throwing him around the
bookstore the book signing scene or the
book reading scene is pretty great when
Ed Harris calls him out as being a fraud
it's kind of satisfying because James
Franco is an annoying character
I don't know I guess James Franco
allegedly is some kind of genius he goes
to like Harvard and he's like he has
like a PhD in like molecular nuclear
biology and it's like a NASA astronaut
and like like a physicist and but he's
also an artist and a poet and a painter
and an engineer and a sculptor and a
brain surgeon and The Wizard of Oz he's
everything you could possibly want and
he was in sausage party stray boys Hey
look at this with that one yes we're
chosen I have a weird hatred for Seth
Rogen
I heard the the controversy about how
they basically underpaid and forced the
animators to work overtime and then I
was like you know the budget was like
nine million dollars yeah and then they
are it was like 16 million dollars and
I'm like let me guess
15.9 went to the voice actors and the
rest went to poor animators underpaid to
make this this POS
I was like yeah I'm talking hot dogs
yeah God their penises I'm not going to
smoke a bowl and watch this Seth Rogen
yeah well what I will say is I saw the
trailer for it which I did you see the
original trailer for it you know watch
sausage party thinking of something else
took a while to get there
Oh No anyway kids the bleep said fuck uh
uh well I saw the trailer for it
which was started like like happy
animated children's film and then you
know oh we were getting out of the
grocery store like a Toy Story thing and
then they get out and then they start
getting eaten that the house it turns
like a horror film and I was like that's
a really funny idea for a fake trailer
mm I was like that's it that's all you
need oh it's a real movie
I guess there's probably an audience for
this type of comedy but it's not me oh
yeah exactly
it's it's the most obvious gags you
could possibly think of and like not
like like the the bagel is Jewish
there's a taco
that's voiced by sama Hayek and she's
also a lesbian so this was like really
and not like like words bad in an
offensive way just more than like a
juvenile that's incredibly obvious way
it has a weird sort of progressive
message about like tolerance of other
people's beliefs which I thought was
sort of interesting and I was surprised
to see in the movie but the humor is
just so stupid that is not worth it
a wonderful film that I believe we both
saw a wonderfully awkward film was
called hello my name is Doris
sorry it's tight quarters Thank You
glasses I would like to introduce
everyone to the new art director oh hey
Doris
I just wanted another cup of coffee we
just get out your way oh I'm so sorry
did that on purpose tinge no anyway um
this was who directed this is Michael
Showalter which is always curious cuz he
worked on wet hot American summer and he
directed a movie a few years ago called
many years ago now called the Baxter
that I liked so I was curious about it
because of that and it's solid it's a
solid little movie just a little
character movie about Sally Field as a
hoarder your husband died 15 years ago
you have packets of duck sauce in your
refrigerator from the 1970s a sheet well
she's like she's like super eccentric
and strange like cat lady weird yeah um
very withdrawn and then she fantasizes
about her boss and it's like why can't
they have fall in love and have a
relationship and and that's like at
first it it's like oh this is just going
to be a quirky thing and then it's like
there's like this just weird like
subtext or weird like creepy like she's
really a weird person yeah she's like
quirky at first and it's sort of cute
and then it's like she's still sort of
likable but she's gets a little a little
straight yeah but then but then they
they seal it up at the end and save it
yeah and where it has an ambiguous
ending where you don't know if it's
really happening or not yeah it's kind
of fun but it's it's a good movie it's
it's clever and funny and you know Sally
Fields really great
I'm a Wiccan I joined the LGBT knitting
community of not a lesbian but I'm me
there you know I feel that way in
staples I watched a movie that sucked
called the family Fang did you see your
brother's ear we wanted to play a log
Caleb and Camille Fang are most known
for creating improvised public events
that incorporate their own children into
the artwork I was curious about this
it's like a family of performance
artists right are the parents are
performance artists yes I was curious
about it I never saw it and like the 70s
they're like with their two kids 70s 80s
they're like yeah famous performance
artists which people don't get famous
for that there are never famous
performance artists and they do like
they pretend to rob a bank and get shot
and then their children like lick their
blood okay
and it's really stupid and weird you're
supposed to believe it as a real
performance or things dramatic in the
context of the movie okay and they're
like we got it all on film like enter
like who filmed it in 1970 you know that
like there weren't like security cameras
in the bank and then they show like film
footage which was like the movie footage
and and and it's like what like you
someone really could have gotten killed
but you don't fake a bank robbery yeah
it was just bizarre okay it's almost
like we're a foreigner made it and then
misdirected but Tommy was so kind of
that's what it kind of felt like where
it's at what yeah I don't understand
this I hate that is it you don't
understand like what kind of tone they
were going yeah okay mainly tone and
logic in defense of the movie it's been
a while since I've seen it and it's one
of those movies where my brain starts
rejecting it and I it's like trying to
remember like preschool right
I remember walking through a door I
probably held a crayon at some point
like that's that's pretty much bits and
pieces I have to go under hypnosis to
remember the movies it'll come out
someday like a repressed memory yeah I
know therapist has to put me under it
we'll find out the plot to the family
Fang and that I was abducted
oh right alien they took me aboard a
spaceship no no we're trying to remember
the plot to the family bang it told me
that date the world would end no no no
no no what happened in the family Fang
little hypnotherapy humor the joke is is
that we're pushing aside the obviously
important right repressed memories about
my alien abduction I understood the joke
oh yeah okay I just want to want it to
make sure you understood my things I
really do I think no beriberi no no I
don't possible
well I saw film fuck you call buoys big
holiday you're this sweetest boy in
Fairview
warden B we want it Bailey wouldn't you
ever wonder what life is like outside
fair Ville nope you know I don't want to
go anywhere or try anything new buy the
trailer for this look terrible there's
no reason that this should work but it's
actually pretty good
I liked it quite a bit it's also like I
mentioned greasy strangler it has a very
strong John Waters vibe to it which I
was not expecting because Paul Rubens is
of course in his 60s now and there's a
strong potential for him to be trotting
out this character to just be like the
most pathetic thing ever but well I
guess they digitally de-aged his face so
that kind of helps a little bit because
it doesn't look creepy like a said x-men
3 when they D age them and it's really
bizarre looking they look like wax
sculptures early be aging yeah in in
this peewee movie you don't notice it at
all but Paul Rubens seems to know that
he's a little too old for the stick so
he kind of lets the scenarios take a big
part in the comedy as opposed to just
him like right in the forefront like the
old days of pee-wee's big adventure it
gets weirder and weirder as it goes
along and I was not expecting it to get
as bizarre as it does there's a whole
section of the movie that's a tribute to
Russ Meyer films like faster pussycat
kill kill
the jackers clear-headed dr pipsqueak
it's also the greatest love story of the
year cool between pee-wee Herman and Joe
what's his name from manana
mangia no as himself I was famously in
the Magic Mike phones Roman Giano plays
a man in Magic Mike to whose penis is so
big he cannot find a woman who can
handle him until he meets Andie
MacDowell at a house party and she can
take his gigantic cock that's a weird
coincidence because there's a scene just
like that in pee-wee's big holiday oh
yeah
except for its beauty Shepherd's peepee
it's there's no reason that a pee-wee
Herman movie made 2016 should actually
work but it's pretty good uh I might
watch it now I really have no interest
in pee-wee Herman anymore but I I mean I
love pee-wee Herman Rose a little kid
pee-wee's big adventures I do best
comedies ever oh yeah Pugh adventures of
a masterpiece yeah and this is no
pee-wee's big adventure by any means but
I think it helps that like making it
like a directed Netflix movie there's no
real expectations for it or you're just
like I guess I'll watch this so when it
turns out to actually be pretty like
imaginative and fun it's like oh good
and I was not expecting the the weird
camp elements like the Russ Meyer
references and John Waters stuff so who
directed it um the guy directed it was
the creator of the TV show Wonder
Showzen Oh gob lagoons posed for another
ship if you remember that show which is
a pretty fucking weird show
la DT IH d BD look at the time I have to
be going well we both saw one more film
this year that we didn't talk about on
half in the back and it was called mr.
right starring Anna Kendrick and Sam
Rockwell and it was written by max
landis so that was 2016 yes
