May 3, 2016
Green Room
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8K7xYuM2AYU
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/727491326443446272
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153607329932634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-green-room

Half in the bag.
one two three four five
six seven eight Samael Slava
Hasenpfeffer incorporated the fuck are
you doing I was singing the theme song
to Laverne and Shirley ins what
everything you're saying is wrong
because I was not singing a theme song
to a TV show that came out sixty years
before our audience was even born
why else would you be saying numbers
because I was counting these invoices
invoices yeah it looks like our weird
friend rich has been really busy lately
Mike eight jobs in the six months or
whatever we've been gone isn't that
impressive Jay these are all in one week
hey I see green room oh sure
okay I'm with the eight rights from
Washington DC you guys are hard to find
why no social media presence the music
is shared live
it's time and aggression you got to be
there
sorry guys we got clear up follow me and
then it's over
green room is the third feature film
from Jeremy Sonnier the director of
murder party and blue ruin in this film
Anton Yelchin stars as a member of a
punk rock band that gets in over their
heads when they witness a murder
backstage at a club run by violent
skinheads the leader of the skinhead
organization is everyone's favorite bald
guy Patrick Stewart Patrick Stewart
Anton Yelchin that's right it's
check-off vs. Picard we're getting those
Star Trek references out of the way
right up front motherfucker Mike with
Star Trek all you were going to talk
about whoever that fucker was who read
the intro stole my thunder I don't know
who it was I don't know who reads these
intros I've been waiting years to say
punk rock Chekov vs. Nazi Picard and and
and not it wasn't walter Koenig it was
Anton Yelchin the check off from the
alternate timeline JJ Abrams universe it
was a clash of universes J this is
fanfic overload it was it was Picard was
brainwashed in a different dimension
it's like the episode where Benjamin
Sisko is a crime writer in the 1940s on
Star Trek Deep Space 9 was a plotline I
think so
there's many episodes of many series of
Star Trek where one of the characters
out of time out of place in in a
different world where their memories are
wiped and they're doing something
completely different that normally do
and so-and-so is a bad guy that's of
course the mirror mirror universe and
start Star Trek the original series and
which carries over to deep space 9 of
course they bring back the mirror Mirror
Universe and deep space 9 yeah where
everyone's fucked-up and evil and some
people are most people are and so are
the whole time I watched this film I was
just I was just thinking like this is
great this is a great Star Trek episode
so we were thinking yeah I kept I kept
wanting to hear Patrick Stewart say
throw the phaser under the door
oh also that's it yeah that's our review
but what did you think of green room let
me ask you this you have not seen blue
ruin right I don't think I want to
okay well absolutely blue ruined my day
what are you talking about this is the
the feel-good movie of the suburb feels
good like shingles uh this may be one of
the first movies I have loved and hated
at the same time okay not not hated in
the sense that I thought it was bad but
in this sense that it's a miserable
miserable fucking movie miserable and
intense miserable and ton and filled
with kind of inept characters inept
characters yeah on both sides yeah and
all around like I don't know I would
call it sadistic depressingly sadistic I
don't know if I would go so far as to
call it sadistic it's it's violent but
the violence never feels gratuitous like
it always feels like it's being used I
mean it's it gets pretty graphic in
parts but it's always used in a way that
just ups the intensity of what's
happening where it's like it really
makes you understand how severe the
situation is oh yeah I mean the film the
film is very well done it looks great it
has a great sense of dread and
uncomfortableness to it it's actually I
was thinking when I was watching it it
felt like a really good TV show I don't
know it was just something about it
where we always complain that movies
like suck and that well it's true they
do a lot of time and that certain TV
series you know you got your Breaking
Bad's The Killing broadchurch
you know Sons of Anarchy that's a little
more schlock here but you got shows like
that that are really intense dramas
Fargo Fargo I have not watched Fargo so
you have fucking great I can't vouch for
it Fargo things like that where it
really is like intense and well done and
movies that we watch are just like trash
so I was like oh this is you know this
is really good but
oh you gotta be in a mood you got to be
in a mood to watch a movie like this I I
didn't know I I knew the premise the
premise well we should mention this
movie is not a wide release movies a lot
of people probably have no idea what its
wider release and I was expecting it to
be I thought it was gonna be like you
know the coasts and a couple little
theaters here and there so I was really
happy when I found out it came to our
area cuz I this is for me this was the
movie I was looking forward to most us
here
you love this sort of stuff to sort of
vile depraved sadistic violence when
it's done well I don't like those
stupid-ass Saw movies or things like
well yeah I mean that's that's the one
element like I probably would have
complained if the movie had funny
moments in it or light-hearted moments
where it kind of didn't take itself that
seriously it it just plays it straight
the whole time and it's it's a miserable
experience it's a beautifully
well-crafted miserable experience you
trash things have gone south it won't
end well you can't keep us here man you
gotta go to school
we're not keeping you you're just
staying shoot who's next
doesn't bleed well well coming into this
because I've seen blue ruin I love blue
ruin it's it's one of my favorite movies
of the last few years which is why I was
really looking forward to this and I
think I really really liked this movie a
lot I may grow to love it on repeat
viewings but on initial viewing I I
would watch this again because I guess
I'm a crazy person you need that release
I'm not a miserable person in general so
see movies like this you know it puts
you in a different mindset but I'd seen
blue ruin so seen blue ruin and knowing
how blue roan operates and then seen
this movie it kind of made this movie
less interesting because what blue ruin
does grade and this movie does the same
thing and after a while that starts to
become a little predictable which is
that it it's constantly subverting
what you would normally expect from a
thriller from the situations in a movie
like this some sort of like dark crime
gritty thing so after a while you start
to understand the mechanics of it like
when something is going to happen you're
like okay I see what they're leading up
to so that's not going to happen so as
this movie goes along after having seen
blue ruin that starts to become more
obvious which the subversion starts to
feel more predictable if that makes
sense my brain can process what a normal
movie would do so this movie's not going
to do that so what you're saying is
before you see this miserable movie
don't see the other miserable movie well
you can see both of them because they're
both incredibly well made and they're
both great movies in their own right but
this one made me really hope that
whatever
Jeremy Sonya does next is a completely
different type of movie because I get
what he's doing now and by the end of
this movie it was like okay I understand
your gimmicks they're not gimmicks but
just the way he then we mix there's a
harsh word it's a harsh word I don't say
gimmicks but the way he very close to
the word grimace which is a big purple
monster from Ronald McDonald's asshole I
like movies where characters are trapped
in a situation and they have to figure
their way out of it I really like movies
like that very small and we're like okay
what would I do in this situation I
that's what I like really get involved
in a movie like cube or movies like that
were you like okay yeah
break through the floor to try to break
through the drywall why aren't they
going through the ceiling you know well
they tried that but there's a thing in
the way and I like stuff like that what
would my next strategy be but overall
its it was like I enjoyed the first the
first act right whether there's this
miserable band on tour and they're just
like I loved all the punk rock stuff oh
yo if it's authentic it felt authentic
you can tell the the filmmaker
understands this world yes the
Dead Kennedys t-shirts and the minor
threats without it without it being too
in-your-face yeah I like and that's what
I like because you see so many movies
that try and have like punk rock
characters or any sort of like sub-genre
of you know people were it's so like on
the nose and so obvious this one it's
all just handled it's really understated
the the miserable band in their tour bus
and Anton Yelchin I guess was like he
wanted to keep it real they're releasing
their stuff on records they don't do
social media no I guess that little
element was like so that it was harder
it made the the threat of them being
captured more ominous because no one
knew where they were
but yeah the whole world that they built
with the bad show in the bar in the
beginning with like three people there
and I had to steal gasoline and all that
but then you know they get to this club
in the premises they they are locked in
the green room by this this white
supremacist club owner and who
apparently has murdered before and is
covering up a murder this time and they
get involved and entangled in this whole
plot there's people that are defecting
going to the police and there's this
it's a I was wondering if it's supposed
to be a horror movie or crime thriller
thriller it really transcended a bunch
of different genres there it could it
execute in a different way it could be
more of a straightforward thriller or it
could be a full-on horror movie uh moral
of the story
bad things happen man that's it it's a
mad mad mad mad
at world it's about the experience like
he said it's the the what would I do in
this situation and I and I like that the
characters are not it's not like they
start off sort of in over their heads
and slowly throughout the movie they
they become a little more clever and a
little more adept at handling it they
never get a whole lot better because you
will not in movies that happens but in
real life you would be clumsy and
awkward and and up the whole way through
and in the paint were more paint on your
face
that's just punk-rock man who do some
wild shit I don't know there's a little
hint of a mid nineties ish like shock
shock movie Tarantino asked very bad
things like here's a movie where a bunch
of fuckin shit happens but that always
feels slightly exploitation Allah the
right word but sensational I guess
ruining a little over the top and this
didn't really feel like that this just
felt like the violence was being used in
a way where it's shocking but it's
shocking in the way it would be if you
were in that situation yeah and that's
why this felt more like a horror movie
and less like a crime movie because it
it was more I don't know it had it had a
different feel to it where a horror
movies is generally just kind of like
senseless violence a crime movie usually
has I mean this did have a little
storyline with the the bad guy Patrick
Stewart but it really just felt like a
characters that are normal people in in
a terrifying situation who are being
killed off and and it felt like a blend
of horror and and crime in as far as
genres go but pinpointing the genre
isn't really the point the point of us
discussing the green room and having
watched it is what we thought of it and
you loved it I I liked it a lot I didn't
quite love it just because it felt like
tonally stylistically as far as the
violence and the subversion of things it
felt a little too close to blue ruin I
would like to have seen something a
little more because bluer and felt so
fresh and different and this feels like
more of the same
get ready to run here we go
careful now
were you distracted at all by Patrick
Stewart being the TNG fan that you are
um no I'd say slightly underutilized
he's in a fair amount of the movie but
he doesn't he doesn't have a lot to do
other than just like talk to the other
characters that's a thing it's like
let's reminded me a little of shorts
maker in Maggie hmm
wear shorts and anger of course is to
destroy her man and he was very soft
Patrick Stewart has real dramatic range
and this whole movie he mumbled yeah and
he I wanted that really good scene where
he got pissed at his his underlings or
at the band or had some really kind of
like ranting speech about like a neo
nazism or whatever the fuck or you know
he was just very um very quiet yeah I
mean that's clearly was deliberate but
well yeah that was the character you on
it yeah Patrick Stewart in this type of
role I was like oh man he's gonna have
some great scenes and I mean he's great
in the movie but it's very understated
in a way where I would have liked to
have seen him you have a little more to
do Patrick Stewart was very very
methodical with his attempts to cover up
and and even kill people yeah and I just
want a little passion I want a little
acting from Patrick Stewart I mean it's
there it's it's more subdued and it's
really subtle in the ways that you can
tell that he's sort of disappointed with
his his group and now it's not as well I
old machine as maybe he thought it was
yeah but they're just like those aspects
of it rednecks in the in Seattle oh sure
and that's why I guess since I
disappoint memories like this is all I
got you know yeah they were just like
they were it was it was a it was a a
talentless filthy pathetic band going
nowhere and a bunch of slimy racist guys
in the backwoods of the Pacific
Northwest like despicable ugly
characters and then they all killed each
other you know what I mean there was
your oversupply in a bed well maybe get
your goods all that's what I like okay
wasn't today you're trying to say it in
a bad here's the here's the part of the
negative the negative I mean negative
positive inversion of it okay
we're we're we're a happy band we're
going on we're going to make it we're
going to make it we bought this van
everybody oh good luck everybody you're
going to good travels down to a you know
a redneck country and then you have like
will the toothless southerners and then
you have what's the squeal like a pig
movie deliverance kind of situation and
then it's like we're it's a cartoony
elements this was this felt very real
and it felt very gross while you're
describing is the Eli Roth version of
this move exactly I thought of Eli Roth
a little with infusing the the comedy or
the over-the-top kind of stuff because
you mentioned another movie with green
in the title green inferno
oh yeah and about the green inferno
recipe there were people were farting
while their guts were being ripped out
yes yes and I did Mellie and lack of
tone did not want that no one was really
a good guy I mean obviously Anton
Yelchin is our protagonist and the film
he's the most one we could relate to the
most
yeah but everyone's just there and it's
miserable and it's awful and it's a it's
something to experience yeah well it
doesn't work for every movie because
some movies you want them to feel more
like movies but for something like this
everyone just because people aren't that
that's easily definable or that's
specific so that's just it just feels
like normal people yes not the most
intelligence not the dumbest it's just a
bunch of average people mm-hmm I love
the scene early on when they're being
interviewed by the dude with the mohawk
for his college radio program or
whatever it is and they're doing it in
the shitty little punk rock apartments
and like the way everybody's talking and
the way the the scene is handled the way
the performance is where everyone is
just sort of like they sound like mumbly
and sedated and everybody just feels so
believable if you've ever seen
documentary the decline of Western
civilization these all these characters
feel like they were just plucked right
out of that weed I gonna I'll go away
but sure that is is that Pat talk
establish it get ready to run
there we go I see
another thing that I liked was one of
the band members if there's a singer in
the drummer I'm getting them confused
okay but when they're locked in the room
and the big fat guys hold them with the
gun like I'm not supposed to let you out
of here at one point it's kind of like
not introduced but he uses like like a
wrestling move or our karate moves to
kind of pin him yeah and he's like I
know how to do this and they never
established that and and I like that
it's I would they well characters know
that he probably would know that because
of a stupid movie would exactly I got to
make it back in time for my karate
finals everyone we've got a big over
with this tour by next week because my
karate finals are coming up the karate
championship which I'm trained it's just
sort of like a thing that that character
knew how to how to do a choke hold and
how to break a guy's arm with a with a
move and it's just like okay that guy
knows that and the movie didn't need to
tell us that and I there were little
things like that that were smart in the
script and so there was lots of little
stuff like that and I think that's what
made it feel authentic was because you
throw characters in situations like this
and they try whatever they can and then
leave it all in the script writing rule
is every little thing should come into
play or pay off or make sense in some
way yeah but sometimes that's not always
true right and you don't always have to
set everything up the counterbalance to
that is sometimes it will feel like shit
just comes out of nowhere and doesn't
make sense
sometimes they'll feel organic just
depends on the talent of the script
writer or the filmmaker so in this case
it worked I think you're being a
hypocrite sometimes you say that
everything is set up needs to pay off
but now you're saying things just don't
pay off so so you're being a hypocrite
yet alert is every every movie if you
have a criticism about one movie that
applies to every single movie regardless
of what that movie is trying to
accomplish
mm-hmm so you're hypocrite it's it's a
hard science form criticism it is it is
soft science
it's like chemistry every time every
time
yes exactly the same mm-hmm we're not
evaluating works of art no or just we're
plugging in numbers they're like
mathematicians
that's what film is 2 plus 2 equals 4
every always always this movie worked
and maybe we want to throw up but it
were so rigged it and Garvin made me
want to cry commit suicide and I cash
our all at the same time it's great
ah
um
every reason doesn't bleed well Jay
would you recommend a new green room
absolutely to certain people not if you
don't want to feel you sound like me
well I mean this is the case like it not
everyone's gonna want to feel the
feelings that this movie gives you and
everyone's going to want that experience
of dark violence horrible feeling in the
pit of your stomach on edge
people like thrillers they like sort of
the roller coaster ride type mode with
this one driller thriller well usually I
have the caveat with the you know I
don't let grandma watch this movie you
know watch it if you are a depraved
sadistic nihilistic sex pervert like you
fear don't gramma don't go watch this
it's not about the green room backstage
the Dick Cavett show it's it's not
something for grandma it's not something
there are no minions in it no it's not a
good first date film it's a good last
date film there's a good last date yeah
but I think I think generally and my
recommendation would be mean might lean
towards no yeah just just in the just
because of the the tone nature of the
word where we're safe to say we're
cinephiles as the expression goes right
sure um and I loved the look of it and
it's an experience but it's very very
slim audience you mentioned that
recommended to Grandma I was like and
this is the first movie we've seen in a
while where there wasn't an elderly
person at the theater every movie we see
that's a miserable nightmare there's
always an old person in theater and I
always just feel so bad for him usually
they just like get up mr. fuck it up oh
not for me yeah no didn't happen this
time
right I get my refund the movie where
they would have gotten up and left the
quickest and it they weren't there
I think grandparents don't know about
this movie that's the problem well
they're all and then the
over watching Mother's Day starring
Jennifer Aniston see I think that movie
would make me sick much easier than
green room that talked about a depraved
sadistic psychopathic nightmare
it's fucking hard man
mm you know it's weird what after our
discussion of the movie my beer
magically refilled itself oh my goodness
well after watching a movie with such
horrific violence I cannot wait till
that fucker rich comes back here I'm
gonna slaughter him like a pig I'm gonna
cut his fucking belly open with a box
cutter is that wise I mean he is doing
all the work that's a good thing right
mmm could be mmm he's doing a good job
is it wait a minute this one says it was
done by a butch who's butch hello oh hi
Tim how are you doing that's right Tim
me and Jay are back and ready to work
hey wait a minute Tim I thought you gave
the story to us right before you flew
through the ceiling now what's that you
say Tim you bought it back after we went
missing on the mountaintop well that
makes sense
what Tim you have four employees now but
you only need two
don't worry Tim Jay and I will take care
of it
okay thanks Jenny goodbye Tim who was
that I have no idea I couldn't
understand a thing he was saying it
sounded like you could understand him
hey I have tickets to see an advanced
screening of Captain America's Civil War
you want to go oh yeah
all right let's go
butch
it's time
yeah hi uh miss Johnson is a butch home
oh no oh no I've been doing fine oh no
no could you leave a message for uh
butch for me yeah yeah I'll just tell
him it's time
I'll kill no thank you how was how was
their bridge meeting last Tuesday decaf
did you win
I know you had the bridge group well the
old ladies done that's that's not you
who does that
oh let's that's horribly Aquifer who to
ask that then I'm sorry yeah I got I
gotta go
no my knees are just hurting I'm just
kneeling on the ground look I just gotta
go
just just remember to tell him it's time
I know it doesn't make much sense to you
because you don't know the rest of the
story look at it's this whole thing
going on with me and Butch mrs. Johnson
just let him know all right
Jesus Christ
together grimace we could own this town
