Oct 7, 2017
Blade Runner 2049
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1Gqjjq1nic
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/916907148696870912
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155080786482634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-blade-runner-2049

Half in the bag.
Who let the dogs out.
hey Mike did you hear about the fat
disgusting hairy Hollywood slob that's
been using his position to take
advantage of women no which guy are you
talking about
all of them Wow Jay there must be
something in the water out there in
Hollywood thank goodness we live in
Milwaukee where the only thing we have
to worry about is Cryptosporidium it's a
deep cut replicants are the future of
the species in Blade Runner 2049 a dark
force threatens Ponyville and the main
six Twilight Sparkle Applejack Rainbow
Dash Pinkie Pie Fluttershy and rarity
embark on an unforgettable journey
beyond exquisite eerie oh where they
meet new friends and exciting challenges
on a quest to use the magic of
friendship to save their home Mike what
did you think of Blade Runner 2049 well
Jay I thought this movie was stark
beautiful epic visually stunning amazing
intricate and boring we're talking about
the new one not the original movie no
we're talking about the new one I want
to call it blade running time mm 49
minutes that's my joke of the day
copyright me that's my joke of the day
okay um blade running time mm 49 minutes
Jay I rewatched the first blade runner'
yesterday and I had seen it a long time
ago but I don't really remember much
I remember guy putting down a little
origami and then I remember there was a
guy with big glasses
some sort of yellow room that will be
road boring right and then you you were
telling me that it's boring it's very
very slow if anyone hasn't seen it's
Colin and I did a review on it a few
months ago yeah I have not even watched
that review oh my god and I was not here
when he taped it I was at home sleeping
while trying to watch Blade Runner
obviously running so I rewatched it
under the pretense that it was going to
be long and boring over three hours long
and I watched the final cut which was
released in 2007 had no voice over from
Harrison Ford no happy ending and I
thoroughly enjoyed it and I can see the
problem with it and I'll be very
specific and very quick here okay the
problem with it is that it's a
beautifully done
film noir sci-fi movie it's a no Dark
City
the best sci-fi film noir film oh I
haven't seen that in fucking forever
it's and it's so intricate the the
visual effects are beautiful the sets
the the complexity of every shots the
way it's photographed everything but the
reason why it's boring is because
nothing happens in the movie and you
know what's going to happen the there is
no mystery at all in this and also as
and this is something us thinking about
recently I didn't mention this in our
review I had mentioned that my the
biggest prom with that movie is the
story I guess was what you're saying
because yeah it's gorgeous
I don't like Harrison Ford's character I
don't think the romance works in it with
him and Sean young I think it would've
been a better movie if it focused on
Rutger Hauer character he's the
interesting one with an arc but what I
was thinking about recently is yeah it's
a it's a noir story it's a sci-fi
detective noir but he doesn't do a whole
lot of detective work in it right aside
from though the one scene the infamous
enhanced scene that goes on for 25
minutes that you got to take a nap
during
enhance
yeah he finds the the lady who fucks a
snake and he murders her yes and then
Rutger Hauer is like me and my posse of
replicants want to talk to the big guy
mr. Tyrell looked and we want to ask him
if he can extend our lifespan and then
when they find him he just says no fuck
your eyes and it's like then after that
they're just gonna give up so so really
I know there's no like if if they never
if they wove in a little more mystery
with what Rutger Hauer is trying to do
but it's all it's all laid out yes it's
a it's a noir mystery movie that's where
everything is laid out on the table yeah
so really it was beautiful all you gotta
do is sit back and you taken the image
taking the images and just sort of enjoy
the the feel of the movie replicants are
the future of the species
which is why I was curious to see the
new one because it's like I like the
world of Blade Runner I just didn't like
that specific story and I don't know I
haven't seen other reviews of this I
have no idea what the consensus is but
I'm going to say it's one of the best
sequels ever made because it takes the
things that work in the original and
expands on them in a way that makes them
work better like talking about the fact
that there's no real detective work in
the first movie Ryan Gosling is a
goddamn detective in this film he's
investigating this situation and there
are things that you discover as the
story moves along and his character
before we get into spoilers his
character has a wonderful arc unlike
Harrison Ford in the first movie yeah
much more going on in this new way yes
and you would mention it's thinking it
was boring I don't know I I think it
could be trimmed down a little bit but I
wasn't maybe by like 15 20 minutes or
something cuz yeah it's almost three
hours but for the most part I was with
it pretty much the whole way through
yeah I thought I thought it was it could
have used some trimming but then again
that's that's the thing that's the world
of Blade Runner it's the blaziken in the
the atmosphere like I wish I don't know
this is gonna be a
discussion that's all over the place but
speaking of like pacing of a secret if
the the when Ryan Gosling goes to see
Harrison Ford for the first time and
he's wandering around and he's wandering
around it's like okay I get the
atmosphere now let's move it along
yeah and I was also thinking how much
more effective that sequence would have
been if we didn't know Harrison Ford was
in the movie but of course he's all he's
in the trailers he's all over promotion
for it wearing his his t-shirt and all
the promotional stills for the film look
so your grandpa that's his wardrobe is
the t-shirts t-shirt with black stains
on it yeah but it would have been such a
satisfying moment if you know we didn't
know necessarily who he was going to see
or we didn't know Harrison Ford was in
the movie so we're like is he gonna show
up oh he did holy shit that would've
been great you're waiting two hours to
see Harrison Ford you're waiting an hour
for the first any kind of action
sequence so this movie's gonna bore the
hell out of younger people well I'm
curious how this movie's gonna do
because it's it's too early at the time
of this recording to know what the box
office is gonna be like but the original
movie did not do well at the box office
it grew following overtime and that's a
very slow you know story with lots of
themes about humanity and now we're 30
years removed from that and the movies
that are big box-office hits now are so
much dumber than what we're box office
hits then if the original didn't do well
I don't know about this one doing well
but we'll see that part of me during
this film like I'm sitting there and I'm
just like you know I am I enjoyed the
slow pace of it and my brain said to
itself I'm so glad I'm watching this and
I'm not watching Pacific Rim too
I will not be watching that movie the
first one is fine
well this is a movie this blade our
honor this feels like I mean this is
Denis Villeneuve continues to be one of
the best filmmakers were always first
name I think so
I'm sure someone there will be one
random person in the comments that
corrects me only one because that's how
comment sections work somebody's a
comment and then everybody sees that
someone already made that comment so
then the other people don't make that
comment
oh oh oh actually you're saying the
opposite of what reality I'm sure you
could verify this by watching an
interview with him sure but yeah I don't
know anyone who cares what the fuck his
name is pronounced he's great filmmaker
I've loved - the other two films he's
probably made more than two but he's
made some enemy and the arrival yeah so
as the khari oh well this is one of my
concerns going into this movie is that
the story of the first Blade Runner is
pretty straightforward there's these
four replicants you gotta track them
down and then it got bogged down in
re-edits and Ridley Scott gobbledygook
of the ambiguity of his decade or
replicants and this is a unicorn but the
unicorn means and all this bullshit and
I was worried that Denis Villeneuve
could go two ways
he could go abstract enemy area or he
could do straightforward well told
sci-fi story arrival area type of
filmmaking and I was worried that it
might double down on the ambiguous
unicorn type bullshit from the first
movie and he didn't do that in fact if
anything I would say it maybe goes just
a hint too much in the other direction
ma'am I'm talkin thing you know vogue
there's a couple parts throughout the
movie when Ryan Gosling like he's
thinking about something and we hear
voiceover clips from earlier in the film
so you remember it that happens a couple
times there's like yeah you probably
didn't need that that feels like trying
to spell things out a little bit too
much for the audience yeah no that's
that's that's a minor complaint about
the movie yeah other than not being a
wholly original like the first Blade
Runner movie was its own thing yeah
here's our like it invented the massive
sci-fi city scape yeah this didn't
really do anything new it took the old
and expanded upon it yes um I I would
lean more towards soft reboot
kind of yeah you don't have to have seen
the original to to get into this yeah
it's just like this even opens with the
same text like this text explains what
happened in 2019 2018 that the first one
takes place and that's like oh and then
30 years later the same thing happened
again
yeah now then we have this bad guy the
bad guy has a goal though other than
just being the guy who made the robots
before right um this bad guy has a goal
he has got all the people working for
him there's mystery of spoilers should
we get into spoilers yes boilers ahead
spoilers ahead I always told you here's
there's mystery
a baby born from a replicants born from
a replicant is been established of
Harrison Ford is or is not a replicant
well that's that's the other thing is
the ambiguity in the first movie is he a
replicant or Xena Ridley Scott says he
is and everybody else involved with the
movie says Ridley Scott you're an idiot
No so that's always been the ambiguity
and I like that in this movie there's
like one line that mentions that he
might be he might not be but doesn't
matter because it's not important to
this story so they kind of brush across
it where it's like if you think he's a
replicant this movie will work if you
don't it still works
yeah but they don't say one way or the
other which i think is the best way to
handle it well after watching the final
cut my assumption was that he was a
replicant but that's Ridley Scott's
intention yeah because he had a dream
about a unicorn and then the mysterious
man that works with him left the unicorn
origami right is some sort of
involvement and planting memories it to
me him being a replicant ruins the whole
movie though the whole time I kept
thinking can two replicants make a baby
or can or a human and a replicant make a
baby if the idea is that replicants can
reproduce amongst themselves and this
whole underground resistance thing of
replicants standing up to fight against
their slave Atun said a word makes more
sense because then they can they can
band together they could form a
resistance they could multiply and have
children themselves they can evolve
right which I think was the the the
implication was that Rachael was sort of
an evolved replicant could bear children
yeah so you know all those you've got
all those themes of humanity mortality
life to Ryan Gosling's
face well I know we obviously we made a
joke video making fun of his lack of
expression but in the context of the
movie it works and then they there's no
ambiguity here right off the bat he is a
replicant there's some mystery later on
that maybe isn't but it works for the
first half of this movie as far as the
way he performs it it doesn't work in
the first movie when Harrison Ford is
not supposed to be a replicant
or you're supposed to think he's not a
replicant and he still acts like a dull
boring asshole replicants are dull
boring assholes
so that's the problem is the first
Bladerunner is everybody kind of is so
it's like you're losing that but this
one really I feel like for the for me
this movie feels like what other people
got out of the original that I didn't is
like in this movie it's like oh I see it
now like I think this works so much
better as far as yeah relaying that kind
of theme of humanity and what it means
to be a human and and it does expand
more on the idea of replicants wanting
to be treated like like humans and
normal people in a way that i thought
like the ending that's it's i thought it
was incredibly satisfying oh yeah yeah
and I thought Harrison Ford gave a much
better performance and he's given in
decades I think he's better than he is
in the first movie cuz I feel that
humanity in him in this one and I didn't
in the original what do you want I want
to ask you some questions the ending the
ending worked the landing worked very
well and then you know you have the love
element to I mean Ryan Gosling is in
love with a hologram and they have a
whole little story about that and then
of course Harrison Ford and Rachel and
so the like you said you the the love
romance part in the first one didn't I
did not work for me at all flat for you
so this expands on that yeah expands on
the villains and their plot expands on
what it means to be a replicant and what
the future of replicants are the first
one is just like yeah we got a couple of
strays to get them yeah you know you
feel more for Rutger Hauer character yes
you know he's like the Christ figure and
he nailed through the hand and all this
and and there's something going on there
but it's never quite fully developed so
it expands on the themes and it also
expands on the running time it's in the
running time but it also expands on the
characters of the first movie I mean
it's mainly just Harrison Ford but you
do get to see him at an older it's not
like Han Solo or he's just doing the
same thing thirty years later yeah he's
in a different place it reminded me of
this is becoming a thing now when you
revive a dead old franchise or an old
where it becomes like a father/son
situation because I was like Tron Legacy
did that force awakens did that now this
kind of does that turns out I guess
we're in spoilers that turns out not to
be a son but still it has that same kind
of theme running through it what do you
do what do you do we need a new Blade
Runner
it's Ryan Gosling we got to put Harrison
Ford in the film yeah
but it didn't feel like a compromised
studio movie I mean this felt this felt
like a film made by a real filmmaker
that clearly loves the original blader
on earth yes but it's it's one of those
scenarios where you take a movie and
like you said I didn't see the Total
Recall reboot I did see the Robocop one
about where you take a movie and you
remake it but you do it better and I'm
sure there'll be a lot of people that
little blade wonders much better this is
trash people people love that original
blade or vice versa but if you really
look at the original Blade Runner which
I did like III didn't love it but I can
see the flaws where it's like lacking
and in lots lots of the mechanics that
make a movie work yeah visually great
but it's lacking in a lot of the
mechanics and this just op the visuals
even more because I now they could do
anything right of course it's beautiful
and is fascinating and interesting but
they they enhanced all the parts that
you're supposed to get emotion from yeah
and they don't they didn't just do
almost a beat for beat remake of the
original I said I love them right off
the bat we start out cuz like the
opening in the first movie it's boom
there's that city there's the the you
know the the fire shooting up and this
one it's like a ears like a desert
wasteland where a guy is planting stuff
you know you're here
overall it's it's a movie you really
need to be I'm talking about the new one
it's a movie really need to be in the
mood to watch because it's you love
post-apocalyptic dour depressing stuff I
do and only a certain time now I
wouldn't call this dour and depressing
though and that's kind of one of the
things I liked about it
well the ending yeah picked it up the
whole movie though like that that
universe that world is just gross and
depressing and now it's a wonderful well
that's what makes that's what makes the
ending so satisfying though yeah there's
a little spark of hope of yeah well
that's that's I'll add I loved Ryan
Gosling's
arc in this movie where he starts out
he's just he's just a replicant as far
as he knows people kind of even people
in the police department or like you
know giving him shit for being a
replicant like skinjob they're just
completely looking down on him and then
he discovers that he's special
because he thinks he's a child born from
a replicant and then he discovers he's
not special but he still decides to you
know help other people and yeah that was
a nice little twist and it was a nice
homecoming for Deckard what I just
assumed would just get his head blown
off but I think towards the end like I
don't know the the the new we'll call
her Rachel 3.0 was when Ryan Gosling is
like drowning her and I'm just miserable
I liked it I was fine with all that you
know what then just as a location for a
fight scene or an action scene it's not
you know cuz people think of later on
Earth's this big expansive city and it's
like you can't even see anything there's
just waves crashing and you don't see
anything anything outside of that didn't
take such a strong like confidence in
the visuals of like what to show what
not to show and it has well maybe one of
my favorite scenes of the year which is
replicant three-way such an interesting
weird and like kind of simple effects
it's I mean I mean it's not as probably
wasn't simple to render but just like
the idea of the two characters kind of
being laid over each other like that
yeah really like beautiful
weird and different he's on your tail
I'm coming with you
towards the plan
this movie should get like an Oscar
Award for production design because
there's that it's that that world that
technology and that was part of it was
there for three-way scene that feels so
like perfectly integrated to where it
feels like it's the real future yeah
like his little like dude
like it played a song every time you
shut it on and off you see a graphic and
he's like and there's like a 3d thing
over there and you're like that's
probably what things will look like and
it just feels like so it would be like
if someone in the in the 1970s was
watching a movie where everyone had a
little square thing that when when it
rang yeah it would be like that's weird
that's you know that makes sense in a
way and so it felt so like streamlined
and integrated all the the tech and well
and it was nice to see a movie where the
future is not just holographic screens
touch screens everywhere like oh Ryan
Gosling was filling out paperwork on an
actual piece of paper at one point I
wanted to bring that up how they brought
in cuz like Blade Runner obviously was
in the 80s and and had certain
limitations with technology yeah and so
they integrated that into this to where
it seemed like some that Blade Runner
tech from 20 30 years ago is kind of
still in use yeah like he's looking at
what it's kind of a microfiche machine
yeah when he's she's like I don't know
if it was meant to be a digital
microfiche but yeah same idea if
something's making a physical clicking
sound you know it's like older
technology it sound quiet but yeah
you're right it's not look you you spoke
of the the choosing what to show and
what not to show and that that was like
really apparent in this because it's not
it's not look it look at this visuals I
keep thinking of Star Wars Episode two
attacking the clones
Anakin Skywalker has to chase the bad
guy and so of course are gonna jump out
the window and jump on speeders and
we're here through all these Bend jump
from one speed or the other and go
through this Billy and look at this
world we have isn't it amazing yeah this
like the ending was a car sinking in the
water
are we getting punched in some kind of
dusty room yeah and and and then the the
aged dirty look of a lot of the attack
the cars though his car specifically
there's like rappers and shit laying
around like food wrappers the police
station is not like super
technologically advanced at these big
rooms it's just like dirty and gross and
yeah that that lived in world look like
the production design of this movie is
just incredible and it's sort of weird
like I want to praise it cuz I think
this is a great movie but at the same
time as we're talking about the lived-in
world that all exists because of the
original movie so it's like yeah yeah
yeah if you were to take the old movie
blow it up but not in a dumb way they
did it
you do not know what pain is good you
will learn so it's a movie like yeah
yeah you watch it's like the old one
it's a it's a it's a comfy nightmare
blanket it's what I have and this this I
could see watching over three four days
just kind of chilling and sort of those
movies you have to plan your day around
yes like Magnolia no one ever says I'm
just gonna sit down and relax for 90
minutes and watch Magnolia and then
everybody's just like screaming at each
other for three hours
I wish Gary Marshall was still alive to
make pictures Garry Marshalls Blade
Runner 2049 assist everyone in the
restaurant and the Blade Runner comes in
and he says can I get around the drinks
for everybody it's Taco Tuesday what are
you talking about
I'd like to bring up Star Trek this
movie stole the concept of the mobile
emitter because the doctor character on
Star Trek Voyager said Picard Robert
Picardo yeah he's confined to the sick
bay at first because there's hollow
projectors in sick bay the emergency
medical hologram and he's there just for
emergency purposes but ends up becoming
the doctor and then in later seasons
they find a futuristic technology that's
called his hollow emitter that he wears
on his sleeve that allows them to trance
to go on adventures outside of the
sickbay okay that's that is exactly the
same thing that's a Miss yes and and and
then we discover later on that the
Federation uses Holograms as slave labor
mm-hmm to dig in mines and so there's
all these Robert Picardo
digging in probably dilithium mines okay
I'm doing the awful work and so they
bring up the idea of equal rights for
Holograms eventually in Star Trek so our
definition of what constitutes a person
has continued to evolve
now we're asking that you expand that
definition once more to include our
doctor what I'm trying to say is blade
we're on our 2014 ein ripped off Star
Trek Voyager and there's nothing more
embarrassing than that replicants or the
future but I can only thank so many I
had the luck and he has the key so J
which recommend Blade Runner blade
running time 2049 I absolutely would as
someone that isn't too keen on the
original movie I thought this did
everything that was in the original
movie just a little bit better I thought
it was a better story I don't say better
visuals I mean it obviously is cuz it's
a movie made now but it takes the ideas
of the original the visuals of the
original expands on I'm in a way where
it doesn't feel like you're just seeing
the same shit again I don't have the
same like like there's a little couple
Easter eggs in there the Atari logo oh
yeah Alpana well that's in the world of
Blade Runner that would continue
probably so ya know all that stuff I
thought was great and I just thought it
was a more compelling engaging story
than the first movie right because I was
the biggest weakness of the original
film is the actual story so you would
recommend it to someone who was on the
fence or didn't like the original Blade
Runner outside of the visuals here comes
here comes a check out this Blade Runner
yes this one's better that's that's I I
think I think it's better I don't know
people will probably crucify me for that
because people love that original love
the original wall you want I'm not gonna
criticize you for it but the people that
do love it they sure love to criticize
people that don't love it yeah I would
recommend this film to two cinephiles
sci-fi fans I like my sci-fi more
hopeful and less less post-apocalyptic
that's just not my thing but I can
appreciate this movie for the the work
of art that it is it's it is it is
unique I really like this filmmaker yeah
but there's a lot of people it's going
to be boring
- a lot of people like I sit there and I
was like you know you you're given time
to absorb the world yeah so Wow well I'm
given the time to absorb the world I'm
appreciating the work that has gone into
every little detail share in this world
and I think a lot of people take the
amount of work and visual effects that
are in movies now for granite was a Rick
and Morty joke a lot of people take it
for granted that there's going to be a
effects on its effects yeah it sucked
I was bored it sucked and then I move on
I can imagine in millions of theaters
all over the world there's gonna be that
guy go suck who doesn't appreciate this
kind of movie so I say tread lightly but
I would recommend it to probably the
majority of our audience
so Jay when's your gay wedding
