Jun 10, 2017
The Mummy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgRaI8UPovU
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/873769777487126529
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154703420237634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-mummy

Half in the bag.
well I heard you won on
a date with mr. blinken I did yeah our
first date it went really well we went
to the movies we saw the mommy starring
Tom Cruise the only weird thing was
there was a guy in the bathroom wearing
a ski mask that was handing out free
samples of cake well I mean I took him
of course because it's free cake it was
fucking delicious yeah I mean if there's
a weirdo on a bathroom wearing a ski
mask handing you something to eat always
just try it you know you've told me that
advice before and that's why I took it
it's good advice always eat the cake
when it's handed to you you know it's
funny I also saw the mummy too oh do you
want to talk about the mummy starring
Tom Cruise about halfway through the
film I started to get a little itchy
because I forgot I was wearing the ski
mask
I always eat the cake when it's handed
to you welcome to a new world
of gods and monsters The Mummy is the
first and last entry in universals dark
universe cinematic universe or the UD u
Cu for short it stars Tom Cruise as a
confused elderly man who seems unaware
what movies and who uncovers an ancient
tomb that unleashes sofia boutella as a
soul-sucking mummy
at last cinema now has that sexy mummy
that we've all been clamoring for the
movie co-stars Russell Crowe Jake
Johnson is Griffin Dunne and a blonde
woman who will work for scale Mike what
did you think of the mummy well Jenny I
know this film has been getting bad
reviews but I have to say I loved it no
I'm just fucking with you it sucked
it might have been the worst film I've
ever seen that's not true I would you
know what I would describe this movie as
watchable the third act gets really
tedious but I think it was watchable but
I still hated it I hated it for
everything that it represents which I
guess we'll get into because it's way
more interesting than the movie itself
before seeing the movie I had put a
question out on Twitter or as like if
this movie flops is that the end of this
dark universe before it even gets going
and people were responding multiple
people were saying it doesn't matter if
it flops here's like foreign market
foreign market foreign release and so
that idea of like doing well overseas
was in my brain while watching it and it
became more and more prevalent when the
diol exposition was so on the nose and
explaining exactly what was happening
and there's multiple flashbacks to a
prologue just to keep reminding you
exactly what's happening and normally we
say like oh the movies made for dummies
but I think this movie's not made for
dummies this movie is made for people
that don't speak English and the foreign
market is more important than making a
decent movie and so that was my biggest
takeaway from this movie and it just
felt so pathetic yeah the long stretches
of flashbacks that have voice over
is a big one with Russell Crowe yeah and
then there are several other ones where
you're saying that they could just swap
out the dialogue and they don't have to
do like voice over they could just
change it out to whatever they want yeah
and for the Chinese market they could
change it out to the mystical Chinese
god of so and so big bestowed The Mummy
with magical power change the story -
yeah why not why not why not who needs
integrity or a decent film yeah it's
it's I think the best word to describe
this film is is pathetic because it even
has the epi n it has that Marvel like
music that's that's what you do - yeah
like where it's like ramping up to the
end so to get you excited for the next
film it's like it's like copied directly
from that oh yeah and so you know it's
like Universal Studios is just like
going what do we got that's what that's
all I was thinking about was like yeah
there's the classic Universal monster
movies from the 30s and 40s and these
these current executives they're just
like Marvel's big what can we dig up we
got these moldy old monster movies let's
turn them into action film
that was the most like that made my skin
crawl when I saw that it's a dark
universe trailer which is essentially a
trailer for the logo right and it's it's
footage from all adult classic Universal
monster movies edited with like modern
action music
and it's so so lame yeah well it serves
two purposes one to get people aware of
this dark universe concept which I had
no idea I've not heard of it it came out
like they started advertising it just
like a week or two before this movie
came out they published a photo of like
the cast so it's got like Russell Crowe
and Tom Cruise and then like Johnny Depp
who's going to be playing the Invisible
Man they're like look we're here we're
the dark universe we're just like
marveled I know we tried this already
with Dracula untold but that was a flop
so that doesn't count this is a do-over
now we got Tom Cruise it's a surefire
hit everything about it feels so
desperate yeah desperate and pathetic
the next film they're doing is Bride of
Frankenstein before Frankenstein okay
just yeah that's what makes sense how
does it make sense because they just did
a Frankenstein and Bride of Frankenstein
movie no Victor Frankenstein like a year
ago um they just did that I mean that
that movie was better than than this and
that movie would fit better in this
universe I don't know if it's part of it
or who know that has nothing to do with
it I didn't really I didn't particularly
like Victor Frankenstein but at least
felt like it had some personality and
that's this movie it's like like eating
of like a rice cake like there's nothing
to this yeah but I can see them wanting
to do Bride of Frankenstein because that
that hair is so iconic and yeah it's
things we know again but this one this
movie was a disaster there there was a
thing that I noticed like because this
movie is directed by a prestigious
filmmaker by the name of Alex Kurtzman a
part of a Kurtzman and Orci or C writing
duo that wrote the first two Star Trek
films I'm gonna get in this new
franchise rock star track I'm gonna have
my own cinematic universe here's the
mummy
but yeah aside from the
the lengthy scenes of exposition dialog
that were just embarrassing like oh god
when when the the scale blonde woman
like what she's like you know you're
you're just the sly adventurer who
spends all of his time searching for
antiquities to sell them on the black
market in an actual dialogue yeah it was
like it was like straight out of like a
b-movie that we'd watch on best of the
word it was just awful
but then I'm watching it and then the
Russell Crowe character appears and I
noticed a trope or at least I'm going to
create it as a trope and we're going to
recreate it for you here okay
I'm going to call it the no look look
and it means that this guy is all
business this sounds really stupid
it sounds really minut but it's so corny
looking on screen as a visual the the
construction guy runs up to them ego
says what are you doing leavings and
hands them like a letter like oh and
keeps looking around as and I'm too
important to even give you the time I'm
focused on this shit sure and it's like
it's like film school level director you
this area's off-limits talk to the judge
this is my crime
Tom Cruise's character is a thief and
multiple times throughout the movie
someone says Tom Cruise you're a thief
he was kind of like a throwback to like
the 80s action star like the machismo
man who's well wrong with women yeah and
it was distracting because I think Tom
Cruise is completely wrong for that part
I thought Tom Cruise was flat-out bad in
this movie and I don't hate Tom Cruise
but if this is the first movie you'd
ever seen with Tom Cruise you'd be like
what that guy's a movie star like he is
bad in the he's so miscast yeah Tom II
think I'd like a Chris Pratt yeah we can
make a whole episode on why Tom Cruise
is miscast in this movie yeah because
it's weird it was straight out weird I
think everyone goes Tom Cruise because
he is a pretty good track record of
picking decent scripts and vehicles for
himself
over the past like 15 years yeah a
couple of exceptions but do you have all
the the Mission Impossible movies which
the last three of them have been fun
smartly written good action-adventure
films yeah the couple of sci-fi ones who
did Edgeley tomorrow edge of tomorrow
also known as a live die repeat write
rest of that one and there's the other
one that was soso but it wasn't terrible
Libyan oblivion and a couple other
movies and then and then he's like this
yeah this is like not his caliber
he's like a list what else crew is he is
like this is Brendan Fraser he can't
stem it bring bread of razorback but I
it work for scale now he'll work for
scale because he breaks them a lot
I know I shouldn't be talking but that
was a damn fine that was a quality joke
so much that it brought my sense of
balance
Tom said this is bigger than anything
I've ever done before well Jay let me
just wrap up what I was saying about Tom
Cruise and the mummy and so you're like
Tom Cruise in this film and then he
seems like a guy he should be playing
like like a Chris Pratt kind of aged
character like 33 Tom Cruise one that's
the same age as his love interest yes is
now a running thing with Tom Cruise
movies well yeah we saw trailer for some
other film he's in and I'm like I'm like
his wife or his daughter
there's Grandda granddaughter and then I
looked it up and there's like a 25 year
difference or something like that and
then I'm like okay I mean this lighting
is like I think once you once you're
just broke the 30-year old mark as a
woman you can play Tom Cruise's love
interest okay I'm good for them to his
credit he does not look what 58
especially not with all the digital d
aging oh yeah that's a thing now isn't
it that's a thing that Hollywood doesn't
like to talk about but these aging movie
stars that's in their contracts they
click a couple buttons on their computer
and it like smooths out crow's feet and
wrinkles Sally with magic Tom Cruise
will be the same age forever now yeah
just never go out in public
mr. Cruise requires a 30-foot distance
in heaven alone it'll be like old
episodes of Star Trek whenever you see
em where it cuts to like like dr. McCoy
and it's like perfectly in focus and it
cuts to a lady of a certain age and it's
like blurry but that old time filter on
little lady gentleman and usually Tom
Cruise he's a we've discussed that many
times before on this program he's a
weirdo in real life he's strange but as
an actor he usually transcends and does
a really solid job he's a true true
Hollywood actor movie star professional
yeah well he's got limited range but
like you mentioned he's very good at
picking the right scripts for he knows
what movies will utilize his limited
range well and this is like he doesn't
do like like smarmy cocky like that does
not know like we say Chris Pratt that's
the yeah modern-day actor you can't see
a role like that he can deliver your
lines for you
convincingly and he could run around you
know and you know he's got a bit of wit
to him but yeah he doesn't he doesn't
pause and do like the dramatic movie in
between the blockbusters he's just like
I'm just doing blockbusters from here on
out I did my thing you did Magnolia he's
good Megan well yeah yeah go ahead you
know Jerry Maguire although that reminds
me I can't possibly be the first person
to make this joke but it's very
disappointed that in this movie at no
point the Tom Cruise say show me the
mummy
that's my only joke for this episode I I
think you need to digitally da George Oh
1996 called it is joke back so like I
said the film starts with Nick Miller
and Tom Cruise riding around in the
desert looking for stuff and they cut
two old Mesopotamian statues being shot
up and you know and Isis does that they
blow up old things Buddhist statues an
old old antiquities from the ancient
world they blow them up and to shoot
them up and then so they go down in this
little village and they're and Iraq
somewhere and then it's like let's go
down to the village Tom Cruise acts like
child by cutting Nick Miller's water bag
yeah let's go down to the village and
they go down there and it's like an cut
dude whoa we're in trouble
so calculated and it was like I mean
like a movie made in a lab well yeah
that the structure and the cuts and
stuff but it was also like it had that
kind of like let's try and be a wacky
fun Marvel movie or an Indiana Jones
type film and the modern-day setting of
Iraq with like Isis and terrorism and
stuff just felt like a really big flash
like I was like oh this isn't fun
is it awful is a little city being
bombed now yeah Lily could I bring on
the air strikes and but the premise was
was that lady mummy who was going to be
mummy mummy King going to be like
Cleopatra but her father gave birth to a
son who would then become the heir so
she was like I'm just going to I want to
be the king or queen imma kill everyone
she had to do some kind of ritualistic
sacrifice to bring the God of evil birth
so that she could rule mankind bla bla
bla basic bad guy plot thank god we see
the slash back six times throughout it
makes a tough in detail what happened
and then they carry her a thousand miles
away and bury her it was very very I
guess they took the time to carve all
those statues to cured they had nothing
but time back then and since Tom Cruise
is a brazen swashbuckling dude he just
says fuck it cut cut it open for some
reason they rigged it to where if you
cut a rope that probably would have
rotted over five thousand years it
brings the sarcophagus out of the the
mercury it's in a pool of mercury why
would they have a system rigged up to
raise it out of the pool of mercury if
they wanted to keep it submerged and
that was another moment where as like
Tom Cruise is just terrible in this when
he makes the decision to just shoot the
rope or shoot the chain and it's shown
him and he's looking around and he's
kind of goes and it was so bad you know
tit and his casting is very calculated -
oh yeah no that's that's I think why
they kind of decided to make this the
official kickoff of the dark universe
because it's like looking at Tom Cruise
he's a movie star these are real movies
yes yes because people in all sorts of
foreign countries all over the world
probably know who Tom Cruise is more
than a Chris Pratt yeah exercise it's
more appropriate for the part okay so
yeah very calculated he doesn't fit but
he does in the long run because of box
office returns
Sophia - teller brings a true humanity
to the money
well Jake Johnson dies in this movie and
then he comes back as like a spirit like
a zombie spirit to guide
Tom Cruise along and it's exactly the
same fucking thing as American Werewolf
in London
exactly I was murdered an unnatural
death and now I walked the earth in
limbo until the werewolves curse is
lifted shut up
right down to that Tom beef character
kind of being like comic relief ah so
not real
I don't be a pest David
so they flat-out ripped off American
Werewolf in London and even more
shocking and this is the sentence I
never thought I would say about any
movie ever this movie The Mummy rips off
life force the tobe Hooper directed
Cannon Films
slok classic
The Mummy comes back and it's sucking
the life force out of people and the
people it sucks the life force out of
become like like zombified minions and
then there's chaos in London at the end
that's the exact same thing that's
happening in life force it was amazing
to see a big-budget movie ripoff life
force the movie about space vampires
producers of life force if you're still
alive to this matter with your crack
legal team get on a Toby Hoover wake up
foot put down put down the joint and go
after the producers of The Mummy they're
gonna have negative money for you to sue
them for actually the budget of this
film was only one hundred and twenty
five million dollars okay which again
falls in with its calculated risk yeah
was that it was not a bloated
Ghostbusters disaster that's here where
they just said you know sure if I'm
there then okay 125 million plus
marketing costs of course even then
that's double that it's still the budget
of a regular big-budget movie yeah so
they were smart in I betcha Tom Cruise
has a little contract where he worked
for less on this in order to have again
obsolete except the whole franchise as a
whole oh yeah
they said this will be up in a way where
they can drag him back out for any of
these movies yeah yeah I think they want
him to be there Robert Downey jr. yes
yes I have although his salary probably
won't explode out of control but and
he's not as appealing as Robert Downey
jr. yeah or as good or as funny yeah our
salad method ORS big of a draw yeah then
the box I was right but I have a feeling
Tom Cruise said yeah I'll be in your
movie but I want a piece of the big pie
including all the follow-ups and
spin-offs and yeah Creature from the
Black Lagoon all the nonsense they're
going to make them miss or maybe won't I
may be long but yeah so you have a
relatively small budget which is why it
felt kind of like a cheap movie because
then
then they could worldwide they could
make their money back well that's
speaking of budget that's the weirdest
thing to me is that they decided to make
I mean I guess it makes sense if you're
looking at it like worldwide box office
in foreign countries you want to make
something that has that sort of fun
Avengers type tone but you look at like
the original universal monster movies
their horror movies do something like
like follow the Blum House model and
make these very very modestly budget
budgeted actual horror movies because
horror movies especially right now are
consistently doing well they
consistently make money people like
horror films but by making a movie like
this you've alienated those people
because they're like fuck I don't want
to see action mummy movie yeah that's a
good point somebody said the Chinese
don't like American horror films and
that's the fame a V is that they want to
follow that Marvel formula even if it's
a bigger risk but you're right if
Universal scaled it back and and did
smaller kind of really creepy get-get Oz
Perkins to direct a I go the director of
a fine film called the Black Codes
daughter the black coat has done a
wonderful horror film
check out the black coats daughter it's
a slow burn folks but it's it's good
there were many different ways to go and
I think they went for the biggest like
biggest was a safe bet but well I think
I mean I starting with the mummy was
probably the best option if you're going
this route because people think of the
the Brendan Fraser movies and those are
kind of fun adventure movies like it's
it's weird because the mummy is like the
worst monster fuck mummies is what I
always say hashtag fuck mummies well
Dracula and Frankenstein are a little
burnt out at this point because they
just did Victor Frankenstein and then
Dracula Dracula untold Dracula untold
else I say Dracula 3000 Hey
shit-for-brains
mommy haven't done mummy in a while
creature from black goon to goofy the
Invisible Man
- yeah and then so it's like yeah that's
a safer bet it's it's all very committee
committee think yeah and all these and
then they introduced Russell Crowe as
dr. Jekyll yes
he's okay as dr. Jekyll at a certain
point the movie transforms into mr. Hyde
and it's laughable
he's like channeling Freddy Krueger and
not even good Freddy Krueger like
Freddy's dead Freddy Krueger it's weird
and dr. Jekyll is the guy in charge of
he's the Sam Jackson yeah theory right
for the monster Cinematic Universe
everything we're saying sounds like the
lamest shit and it's all real they're
doing their best doing their best to to
capitalize on very very old properties
it's a hell of a lot of fun I think I
think - another thing that like was a
not annoying to me but confusing was all
the the globe-trotting and I think it
was because you think of like the mummy
the original concept of a spooky mummy I
think it like late 1800s ish is when
like the gold British guys would go over
to Egypt and ah we're taking over we're
just going to dig around where we please
fuck your culture yeah and look at all
these weird mummies and then Aaron's
like oh that's spooky they wrapped up
their dead bodies and preserve them
that's that's creepy so the idea that
that a mummy is a monster is a is a
little dated and almost racist you can't
make a movie where a civilizations
burial ritual which is their part of
their culture is a scary monster because
now you have people with the signs
outside the theater yeah you'd have a
bunch of white college students that's
really about just how racist mummies are
yeah so lady mummy is not really a mummy
she's just a bad guy who they
five and then they moved her over to
Iraq so they find her in Iraq and then
part of her magical dagger is in the
burial chamber of Christian Crusaders
who also become evil mummies
so they intention removed as possible if
we can they intentionally took the
subject matter and smeared it out
different cultures and religions so that
you don't appeal to everybody is the
Christian Crusaders
those nights were also evil mummy is the
we're in Iraq now and also a little bit
Egypt in hey we'll look it's like
they're they're um they're putting a
blindfold over your eye on spinning you
around and then you have to figure out
which way is the protest that you want
to go to you don't really know yeah
because really if it was just if this
was like a Wonder Woman ask movie where
it took place in early 1900's late 1800s
and Tom Cruise was like I'm Safari man
from England and I'm just going to start
digging in Egypt I just mess around for
glory I'm out to find treasures I'm not
to loot all these tombs because I'm a
British man and invaded docks and he
found a mummy and the mummy one and then
it be like this is the most racist thing
it's like when people look back at how
the culture the Indian culture was
portrayed in oh do okay even though it
was a modern-day farcical in a way it
was kind of like making fun of the old
serials oh yeah there's a layer yes was
not satire but yeah a self-awareness yes
we're sort of like that's how that kind
of mystical stuff was portrayed in in
old timey movies yeah we didn't
understand a lot of their cultures so we
thought they ate snakes and did weird
shit right we kind of make fun of that
in our in our safari adventure films
right and so if they did something like
that that would have been a disaster
so I think this doesn't feel like a
mummy movie because it's all over the
map literally well I guess we're didn't
worry about spoilers but who cares let's
get to the end this is the ultimate who
cares movie yes Tom Cruise's character
arc is that he this is like Saturday
morning cartoon simplistic he's a guy
who only cares about himself but decides
to save a lady he that when the planes
going down during the famous plane scene
which which was laughed at by on the
internet because they released a version
that only contained temporary sound
effect and well it only had some of the
layers it didn't have all the tracks
yeah and somehow somebody missed it and
they uploaded it to the Internet
and Ju you were able to download this
before it was removed yes and so we're
going to take a look at that here and
then Universal will come after us
immediately here it is and that's all we
could show you so the plane is crashing
that there on Tom Cruise gives blond
lady a parachute and he's like here's a
pair of shoes and then she's like you
you were selfless you gave me the only
parachute he took I thought there was
two now and then so he's like I really
didn't save you I still am kind of an
asshole but then at the end of the film
Tom Cruise heroically saved her by
stabbing himself with ceremonial dagger
to to become an evil person right so he
scared her back to life III think that
if you can assume that that an evil
creature can suck the life out of
somebody that you can give it back
because it does revive Jake Johnson oh
that's right so it could be bad for his
wacky antics in future films but yeah
he's like thanks for thanks for bringing
me back to life Tom Cruise now we can go
on more adventures those literally die
he even says Tom Cruise I just lifted I
thought I was off they don't have
another take to use yeah um so he
becomes an evil monster and so that was
his character arc he likes stealing
things and and going on adventures and
being being a man who likes to go on
adventures and steal things but now he
now he's an undead mummy man yes we see
that the result of him saving the bond
lady's life turns him into a cursed
character and now he's the mummy and
there's a shot where they show his hands
and his mummy ban mummy you're having on
his hand for no reason other than oh
he's a mummy now I get that it was
amazing it was I could not believe it
it was pure schlock it's absolutely no
reason for him to have that on his hands
well they're in the desert the film
opens the way done did with with him
he's got like you know he's protected by
the sand that he's only see his eyes and
it kind of ends that way well then we
get the the voiceover from dr. Jekyll
he's saying like we may have to call on
him for future adventures because a
monster needs to fight another monster
come back for the next film y'all and
irises out to the Looney Tunes music
yeah so that's the mummy it's it's it's
downright embarrassing it's yeah as
we've said pathetic and embarrassing to
get embarrassing those are the two words
I think that that accurately describe
this movie if your grandfather stumbled
across it on TNT and it's like 2 o'clock
in the afternoon on a Sunday he'll
probably say I thought was an okay movie
yeah but that's that's it yeah that's it
so I'm going to start with my
recommendation stay far away from the
money I I thought it was laughably bad
at points but not a lot it's more you
have to look at like the thought process
behind the movie like I said the movie
itself is watchable but it's more like I
just spent the whole time thinking about
like all the creative decisions though
making it the way it is but knowing how
these movies are made and how like like
on the nose some of the dialogue was
maybe laugh out loud you know just an
average viewer probably wouldn't but
like when the lady starts doing the
exposition and it's just it's very badly
written yeah I laughed at that or some
of the way that things were revealed I
think I even said you're to say in the
dialogue yes or yeah like this isn't a
tomb and I'm like it's a prison it's a
prison and then it wasn't designed to
keep people out it was designed to keep
our design akiva right we got it yes go
on
yes oh my god I think she just starts
immediately talking abou truth like I'm
I'm professor so-and-so and I'm here to
log what I find here translation tell
the audience what's going on like oh my
god so I left it stuff like that but I
wanted it to be over and I was miserable
and I fell asleep - Wow I'm sorry
Universal Studios monster movie
east or expanded university suck you
have these great properties is these
classic characters and that's the worst
part of all is yeah you're not doing
anything clever with them yeah it's so
it's so exhausting so exhausting
if you haven't seen Bride of
Frankenstein watch Bride of Frankenstein
it's a legitimately great movie and it's
really fucking weird so I would not
recommend this movie because I don't
want to encourage this we're talking to
you Chinese maybe it won't play in China
because of the ghosts don't they shit
lmp1 that'd be great
definitely a huge misstep right out of
the gate though this is the putting the
cart before the horse big-time big-time
just like the ghost core yeah yes
exactly like so so stay far far away
from any theaters playing The Mummy
don't even watch others the other movies
and the theater that's a nesting figure
you just might be exposed to it somehow
it's I got a deadly pathogen wait till
everything's gone from that theater and
it's been cleaned then go back to
watching movies again okay you might
catch like a see it I could take it stub
on the floor
no poster it'll be like alien covenant
the stokke kind of flies yep and get
into your brain yes it flies into your
ear and then all you hear is stop it
movies stop it
ruining my life
