Mar 27, 2017
Life and Power Rangers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zwjc9HbZug8
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/846416348305674241
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154481133697634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-life-and-power-rangers

Half in the bag.
Get out of my living room.
Harry my one true love ever since I
first smelled you I knew I wanted to
choke down your elderly man meat I knew
I wanted you inside me like Luke in a
warm moist dead tauntaun Mike I am NOT
reading these vows the ones that the
officiant gave us are just fine oh yeah
oh by the way I got confirmations back
from Barack and Michelle they are
definitely coming to the wedding oh and
I booked you and mr. Plunkett on The
Ellen DeGeneres Show next week I
submitted your engagement photo for a
segment called greatest proposal stories
ever told
tapings next week you're gonna have to
tell your story our story our story is a
scam Mike I didn't tell the real story
you idiot I made up some bullshit I said
that you proposed to mr. Plunkett at a
Donald Trump rally
then everyone called you guys homos and
beat you up mr. plink it ended up in the
hospital in a coma for a month when he
finally woke up the first word he said
was yes the story made Ellen cry I guess
ladies cause she's a lesbian or maybe it
made her assistant cry I don't remember
who I talked to on the phone I made
somebody cry either way you guys are
going on The Ellen Show next week get on
your Sunday best what did I ever do to
you around Mike a lot of money with this
deal so don't complain where are you
reading in this antiquated form of news
oh this is a newspaper I picked up I'm
reading a really amazing article in fact
it's mind-blowing I've read it 10 times
already I just I just can't let this
article sink in it's just unbelievable
to me this news it's unbelievable
oh is it the story about how we
discovered seven exoplanets
or is it about like the London terror
attack Oh is it about how scientists
have discovered how to put 400 tetra
bytes of information on a single strand
of DNA but no none of that that's a
bunch of crap what it says is that the
new chips movie is a flop what the fuck
yeah I know I I can't believe it who
would have thought that a modern movie
reboot of a forgotten 1970s TV show
would possibly get bad reviews or that
people wouldn't want to pay 50 dollars
to go to a movie theater to see it when
there's literally thousands and
thousands of hours of entertainment
streaming on Netflix and Amazon
I just spent fucking believe it shit the
surefire hit I mean what a recognizable
property ship with Erik Estrada the TV
show from the seventies do you remember
a grandpa what a hit who wouldn't want
to go see that
remember chip I'm just I'm just so
fucking shocked yes we found life on
Mars yes we discovered the cure for
cancer and yes scientists have found out
how to stop cells from aging basically
creating a fountain of you but the
fucking chips movie is flopping well hey
speaking of chips do you want to talk
about some movies absolutely everything
chips life is a new sci-fi thriller
starring Jake Gyllenhaal Ryan Reynolds
and other people I don't know Jessica
Chastain Idris Elba I don't know I don't
know who they were it's all about
astronauts aboard the International
Space Station that collect a sample of
dirt from Mars somehow it has a frozen
or dead piece of amoeba in it or a
microbe then they turn it alive and it
kills everyone because it's weird alien
hold on for an exciting spell you know
our first episode is only 10 minutes
long ha ha ha ha
J what did you think of life us movies
okay I saw the trailer and I was like oh
it's it's alien and then you watch the
movie and you say oh it's it's alien
but it's different enough where it's
enjoyable for what it is it's not going
to you know win any awards for
originality but yeah it's like one of
those but called a blender film takes a
bunch of different movies and puts them
in a blender
it's gravity and alien that's kind of it
the first half was was pretty compelling
it's actually pretty tennis too because
I mean if you've seen the trailers you
know what happens they find this little
organism and it starts to grow and it
becomes medicine and starts killing
everyone one by one which is nothing
like alien but when it's small and
they're just sort of like looking at it
on a microscope and then they're you
know they've got it in a little
containment unit and the guys looking at
it the not Idris Elba is looking at it
it's pretty tense the thing grabs onto
his hand and breaks his fingers like all
that was really well-executed that seems
good it breaks his hand it's very strong
and then someone goes in there I won't
say who gentlemen give away spoilers
quite yet to get it and and then there's
a pretty grotesque first kill which I
thought was really yester being and it
was disturbing almost 100 percent
because of the sound design the sound
yeah and that scene are really good I
get what they're doing the horror movie
concept of something from microscopic
microbe to horrific terrifying alien
threat throughout the course of the
movie is something different but it kind
of like f halfway through kind of fell
into little cliched territories well
that's when it becomes just sort of like
running through hallways and closing
doors and all this shit we've seen a
hundred times
then it once I guess what the consumes
organisms because it eats a mouse then I
get somebody's guts that sucks on a
guy's leg basically I think when it
starts to come
to matter because they say it's a
carbon-based life form so that needs air
and food and you know normal things that
we P humans need carbon-based life form
and that's just getting bigger and
bigger and stronger than and then it
comes to the point where it's like
virtually indestructible and there are
there's no like set of rules but it
never shows any kind of like I'm being
weakened you know and then I like let's
deprive it of air again inside the ship
and that's all they can really think of
doing there's no there's no smart
pattern they're very very scientific and
they're very they act like scientists up
until a certain point then they just act
like people and in a cabin in the woods
right if we let it will be cool humanist
let's kill the thing in Star Trek they
would always try to like make
communication with something especially
an ale alien creature that's that shows
some sign of intelligence yeah you think
they would be like okay let's let's do a
thing while it's flopping around in this
room let's let's send out you know what
is it they always try to do prime
numbers it's like the basic thing of
communication I know it's just a little
thing that just grew up you know maybe
can maybe can understand a message
somehow at least make an attempt even if
it lasts five minutes yeah you later you
you tried you know held a picture up
this isn't that type of movie no this is
a monster movie and then after that yet
sort of jitters out and then we have a
what what is it they call is it a Eureka
moment the movie trope when there's
something introduced earlier in the film
and then then later on in the film unit
is talking about it and it sparks that
idea I think I got a Eureka is that good
night moon book yeah they introduced
that and I'm like wait how that that
came up to the space station the one
character has a baby on earth and the
rest the crew members must have known
that so they got a little gift the one
lady did and some of my guests come into
play coming into play later good night
moon
good night room good night cow jumping
over the moon
good night light red balloon
what is the prominence think of any life
form it's a neat design especially when
it's smaller that's when it's creepier
like the idea that it can just sort of
like crawl in your mouth and go through
your guts like that's scary and there's
sort of that biological element to it
and that's that's creepier than when it
gets big and it has like a face yeah
yeah this is just like a like a like a
big-budget b-movie which I guess a lot
of these kind of bigger movies they've
been saying that since like jaws came
out Jaws is this a big-budget b-movie so
this really feels like a like a best of
the worst type movie like an alien
ripoff but done was like a huge budget
and like real actors like I was watching
it's weird where it's like Ryan Reynolds
like Jake Gyllenhaal it's like how do
they get these guys or this this kind of
simplistic alien monster movie yes one
of the characters says I hate that thing
I it's not scientific but I hate it
because yeah it's whole goal is just to
kill us to survive and at the end they
prove that it is smart though I'll
explain to you that in a second okay but
really it's its goal to if its goal is
survival and it's intelligent it's not
just out to kill them because if they if
it killed all the humans on the
International Space Station and it stuck
out then it's stuck out there and it
eventually will run out of resources and
power and and oxygen yeah
so that's not dumb then it's just a wild
animal running around so then that like
x-step that explanation but if it was
smart then the scientists should try to
make some kind of effort to communicate
with it so when you get those two things
and then it proves that it's smart at
the end because spoilers there's two
escape pods Jake Gyllenhaal sacrifices
his life and says I'm going to go get an
escape pod B and the lure the creature
in there and we're going to shoot us off
into space
and escape pod a lady is going to go
down and land on earth and be saved
there no reason for both of them to die
but the switch room the thing kept Jake
Gyllenhaal alive so that somebody would
open the fucking pod when abandoned on
earth right like it would normally would
have just ate them and consume them but
it knew that it was contained in this
little little pod and that if it kept
Jake Jake alive people will try to get
him out so it had it had intelligence
and reasoning and it used the fucking
tool when it was at you know
amoeba stage yeah that was a little odd
so it was super smart but not smart
enough to know that I shouldn't just be
a mindless killer you know what I mean
so there's lots of contradictions in in
terms of sci-fi one scientists stopped
acting like scientists which was okay
because really scientists are just
people and they might get scared they
might make dumb decisions
they might just fight for their survival
and not act like Star Trek characters I
understand that but then the monster
both acted like an alien from alien
which is a thing that just wants to
shoot this little face out and break
your skull for a reason at all
it doesn't need you yeah so to dig in
sex it's just a big insect and then and
then at the same time this thing's acted
like an alien and it acted like I'm a
super clever little thing so it seemed
like a sci-fi film written by like a
weightlifter I don't think I'd go that
far there's a little too intelligent for
that a sci-fi movie written by a
weightlifter would be like alien species
is that the movie we watched it said
prior oh that's like like a dumb alien I
thought you're talking about species
within the plastic and then that kind of
had AI falls into that category to come
sue she was super hot which kills you
basically he's like alien but super hot
hyun-joon I would like that the alien
stayed in my hand science creature and
then maybe had babies easier to sneak
around that way you look prettier when
it was smaller when there was a nun they
they cut to a shot and then they oh
they're going down the hallway and I'm
like the door breaks open good I'm like
thousands of them I go oh I'm not the
hallway once you introduce that one it's
fucking dangerous and boom break your
hand then you have a shot of thousands
of them coming down the hallway and
you're like what was the blast doors
whoa it's amazing
I said turned into a big thing that
looked like species 8472 and I was
embarrassed so hit the atmosphere in 39
minutes and I like ranching
but it could
nice because it's everywhere
but like would you recommend life yes
it's okay if fart if you're if you go in
kind of knowing it's going to be like
like a subpar alien it's alright yeah
it's got good performances it's well
executed it's just not very original
which me makes it not very engaging it's
like a it's like I guess I would say
it's like a rental I don't know
sure I'm on the fence about it this day
and we'll continue to be a pioneer in
the new frontier space
all right we leave the next one the top
line
okay I roll Power Rangers aka Mighty
Morphin Power Rangers is a movie Mike
what did you think of Krispy Kreme
presents Power Rangers I think I went on
with such low expectations that I found
the movie adequate it's fine I'll say
for disclosure purposes I've never seen
The Mighty Morphin Power Rangers this is
a lie and I know this because I found in
the glove compartment of your car your
copy of The Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
official fan club VHS tape
no Jay makes is making that up I don't
know where that tape came from but
here's what I know about the Power
Rangers because I'm old I did not grow
up with the Power Rangers I may have
walked by a television when it was on
once or twice and saw like floating head
and there was a little robot and I
assume that that was absorbed or Zorgon
or something Zardoz she's our daughter
and the robot was his little friend or
her helper and then the power he was
like you know the guy that helped the
Power Rangers become Power Rangers and
from what I understand all the footage
of them fighting is dubbed because it's
stolen from Japanese TV yes that's
exactly what it was yeah I think they
still do that too because there's still
new Power Ranger shows because the
Japanese show it's probably super sentai
or something like that
like that show still going so people can
correct me if I'm wrong but I think
that's still the tradition is that they
still take all the actual Power Ranger
footage from the Japanese show yeah so
this is like one of those cases where
I'm judging the movie as a movie and I
mean if anyone says with a straight face
like they did justice to the source
material they should just kill
themselves that's like yeah that's like
getting worked up about like the
Transformers movies like oh yeah cos
movies but you can't be upset like
you're not doing justice to the
Transformers because it's rendered for a
30 minutes toy commercial right and then
we we talk about things like Star Wars
and Star Trek and you know some people
may see the that kind of stuff in the
same light but it's to me in my opinion
it's a little different um this is like
junk
it's like kiddie junk that's I would
describe this movie is passable junk you
find
are the Power Rangers any other
questions
probably more like Iron Man or Spider
Man well no actually I would describe it
as almost passable junk it would be
completely passable junk if something
happens in the first 90 minutes no no no
that's why I love the movie you love the
Power Rangers movie because there were
no Power Rangers in it yeah I mean you
want to build off that's those things
like the first 90 minutes is a setup for
a 20 minute battle at the end really
like this this movie like especially
when you think about the audience it's
aimed at it's aimed at to people which
is kids and people that are in like
their late 20s early 30s that grew up
with the original show that are just
nostalgic for it and I think in both
cases like elderly black women well of
course but I think in both cases what
they want to see they're both familiar
with the Power Rangers they want to see
the Power Rangers in their suits
fighting and instead we get 90 minutes
of them it's like they keep talking
about like we can't morph we can't morph
like it goes on and on with them coming
up with excuses why they can't morph and
it's like it's like they're talking
about having like erectile dysfunction
you'll see it's just like constant
excuses I'm just too tired well okay see
that's why I'm looking at this looking
at this as a movie that I just sat down
and watched myself okay where I'm not
thinking of it in terms of the studio
executive like usual where I would say
15 minutes to set up and then now we're
in 45 minutes in robot like those
terrible Transformers films yeah
and and the last half a half an hour 20
minutes was I had no idea what's
happening there was a terrible
Transformers movie I kept I kept
laughing every time they said they saved
angel growth boy did they fuck it up
yeah I was having Man of Steel
flashbacks when they're destroyed
Smallville like oh my god everything is
this true
the entire city is destroyed including
the Krispy Kreme there's a rename the
town angel glaive sound was a quality
joke
thanks thanks I work on that for less
than a second hey guys
gotcha what check out how we glow oh but
yeah okay so you got these five
characters right five and there's a two
girls
a white guy an asian guy in a black guy
on the original series the black guy was
the black Ranger yeah and the Asian girl
was the yellow ring you're okay because
they changed that for this movie there's
even a joke about it where the one guys
like you're the black Ranger I'm black
I'm black
what oh yeah oh good not and yeah it was
very racist yeah black I was the black
one Asian one was a yellow and then the
girl was pink yes four ah
you got the jock guy who's the leader
yeah red Red Ranger and the black guy
who was an autistic OCD kind of
character yeah who misses his dad his
dad died in him and his dad were in
science and this is their hackneyed way
of getting them to find a buried
meteorite right so for no reason at all
all these kids are in the same place at
the same time two characters it's it's
heavily set up the two characters are
going to end up at this rock quarry that
the jock steals the mascot from the
other high school or whatever the fuck's
going on he has our ankle bracelet the
the black kid says I can fix your ankle
bracelet but you got to come with me to
the rock quarry so I can blow up and
little search for gold because me and my
dad used to do that weird fine I'll do
anything slow so I don't have to go home
and listen to Roy and Pam argue in my
house and so they end up at the rock
quarry and then they're like oh shit we
need the other three characters to also
be at the rock quarry yeah weird very
sick the Asian guy just happens to live
in the trailer in the rock quarry and
then he doesn't live there he just hangs
out there a lot for summer he lives
nearby and
and then he he spies with his binoculars
outcast girl who listens to death metal
while doing like yoga into the rock
quarry that's her reason for being there
and then I don't even remember what how
the girl ended up there she was just
kind of there she was there
my house is on the other side of the
mountain I hike this trail sometimes to
clear my head and I stare down at Angel
Grove and wonder how such a small crap
town composition misery perfect
it's a this movie and this source
material is the perfect other than
Superman it's the perfect example of
saying how do we make something terrible
and Christopher Nolan eyes it you know
but it only did that sometimes and
that's the whole thing is like this
movie is all over the place
tonally like it wants to appeal to
little kids it wants to appeal to like
nostalgic twenty thirty year olds and it
wants to appeal to like the transformers
crowd yeah and it is just kind of like
scene for scene is completely different
welcome to movie I think this was
consistently somewhat dreary with with
with the exception of Rita Rita Rita
repose Rita Repulsa acting like like a
goofy witch yes that's part of the movie
acting like Jeremy Irons
in the darkest of dragons other than
that and and maybe like the goofy robot
which was kind of like a comic relief
thing you know you put them in their
suits and yes they still had the colors
but there are a muted color very muted
and very like complex and hard to see
and like yeah that one is that the green
ones it was there Brendon I don't
remember how the green one was read or
read it before yeah whatever I was like
what colors or what buzu and then like
in the dark now and looking and then
England's with this muddled dark
was I just talking yes we were talking
about the mighty morphin power yeah I'm
on autopilot you know you don't know
some of these sometimes these
discussions feel like like you remember
the movie get out when he goes to the
zoo the place where I'm just like I'm
floating there's a little square just
talking I'm part of my brand the sexy
movies just doing its own thing go ahead
and stir that teacup Jane but Rita
Repulsa I guess was in the bottom of the
ocean because because Roy scoops are up
with fish is that just a coincidence
that that happens at the exact same time
that the Power Rangers discover their
power yes and that's what I was going to
bring up the the the coincidence that
they happen to blast and discovers a
gigantic rock that happens to have their
little glowing coins right by where
they're at close it Emily and that the
guy knocks them out with the axe all at
once all of the exact same time that
that Rita Rita Repulsa scooped up by a
fishing boat yeah
65 million years that's quite happens on
the same day yeah and and Bryan
Cranston's had his plan is to find the
five most noblest warriors on earth and
I guess it's just whoever finds the coin
you all in the same place at the same
time when Billy found a coin
we can't morph because that cost too
much money you're supposed to you're
supposed to feel the underdog element
you're supposed to be like yeah they can
do it but why not just go get five like
Navy SEALs give her that shit and
they'll just walk up to the thing with
more Finch on yeah fuck everything on
Navy SEAL would morph right away he
wasn't constantly mope just like she was
getting gold to make her giant gold
monster but just looked like gelatinous
pissed at the end I was I was fine with
the prolonged setup I think it reached a
point where it's like okay we got her
set up they're learning to be Power
Rangers you got to have an action scene
or two in there for the movie like that
like the action scene was the training
montage and yeah I guess this movie
followed the super hero formula pretty
well I mean the origin story right
like establish your characters they they
they're whatever losers whatever care um
they find their power they accidentally
use their power there are many scenes of
that you know when the kid accidentally
breaks the the thing the think reaches
sort of think there's a handful of
scenes where they use their powers
accidentally and then there's a scene
where they they test their powers which
is now jump across a building spider-man
everyone jump jump go over this big
thing and then we got to test their
powers and them and then they do the
training montage and but they never did
like there was never an early scene
where like this is what you're lacking I
think where they say you know foil a
crime yeah I know there's em in their
suits even if it's been fighting the
putties or something one scene at least
so Jon but they don't they don't get the
suit until the climax of the movie they
make it they make a really big deal
about them learning I don't know if
that's the case with the show where they
could only morph when they're all like
cohesive mentally but they really made a
big deal about that and it seems sort of
like I guess if it's a
the subtext of the movie is like
teamwork or whatever yeah because at the
end they all work together as a team as
the giant robot I'm strictly speaking
from like like a layman just watching
that movie yeah I'm watching this movie
knowing zero about the source material
it's a movie about these five people
that are all different working together
as a team and at the end they have to
work as a team to make the big robot
move that's all I got yeah do you feel
it deep down inside you were strong I
must work together you must become
warrior I was grateful for the lack of
action for the first 90 minutes because
I just didn't I just didn't want to hear
it once the action happens it's
obnoxious yeah I'm just like okay fine I
have another scene where you're talking
in a room I'm just like I'm guys it's
not me a life is done where they're just
like punching and kicking and fighting
and like if I would have been okay I was
your training montage but it wasn't
there was no threat there was no stakes
because right it was just a training
montage so you don't get that emotion
from like oh the putty that Rita has
summoned the power of having five or six
putties storm into the high school
during the big football game and they're
there we got to become the Mighty
Morphin Power Rangers to run and save
everyone at the football games see that
would have been exciting instead there's
a prolonged sequence where they're
fighting holographic putties in a cave
and you get no emotion from that and and
being a little clumsy with our suits
because we just got them on for the
first time and then at the end they they
dredge up suddenly and we have robotic
dinosaurs all of you kids know how to
operate them yeah just immediately maybe
you yeah I couldn't fly a 65 million
year-old robotic tire dactyl I don't
even think I can open the door to it oh
my god
yeah no and also like that's the one
thing I'll give this movie is that the
characters are pretty well as far as
being like kind of Outsiders or whatever
like it was handled in the way where it
wasn't like preachy or obnoxious like
like the one kid being autistic yeah
like that never comes up like it doesn't
feel like it's in there too
like manipulative or like to make you
feel emotions or that's just a part of
who he is
so Lionsgate teamed up with Krispy Kreme
in the new Power Rangers movies come on
24th so we did the five lightning bolts
of all the characters
oh great blue and they're all and these
are all show me a big movie it should be
huge how much of the fucking budget does
promotional tie-in give I just need to
know this is it like is it like 50
million dollars is it like half are you
asking like it isn't enough where it's
worth it yes this cell of course movie
out yes to sell out and annoy your
audience yeah like having a can of coke
in the background on a counter is one
play in five but the what they did with
this I would I would want half of my
production budget and so it's like what
did Krispy Kreme Doughnuts pay the
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers movie to
have their their brand in this so
extensively where you stop the movie
dead in its tracks and just show those
of the bank's like walking around inside
like eating a donut yeah so but it's
just sort of like looking at the camera
yeah I've been doing like a freeze-frame
with the logo problem
let's do this oh and then so they're
flying around and everything blows up
and they're fighting with robot
dinosaurs and then for one second they
play that theme song Go Go Power Ranger
back just because I figured it'd be too
corny but by that point in the movie
they didn't care no and then you see a
cameo from I guess one of the original
characters actors it's from two of them
it's from the Pink Ranger aren't there
like 50 different people that have
played I think it like every season has
new Power Rangers but the original ones
yeah it was these two the Pink Ranger
and the Green Ranger on this ensemble
cast here is one of them the one that
was just recently convicted of murder I
don't think so I think that was a later
power range okay because that would be
hilarious
you think that that's that whole thing
is a setup just for publicity for this
movie you the studio pay them like they
paid him to murder somebody great
publicity ever we'll be talking about
Power Rangers to check for a thousand
dollars and some Krispy Kreme Doughnuts
super city is a little punch card for
Amazon so we're gonna use this woman Joe
nostalgia yes Jen well we got Rockford
violent shit
Mama's family
can we bring back Mama's Family except
little Christopher Nolan Isaac
you
the third read about this family reaper
mama loves black leather armor on the
Newhart show Bob Newhart will have a
cameo because he's still alive he is the
law yeah who's behind it so those the
kiss-cam you'll be like I'm filming in
like like it like a convalescent home
camera goes around the corner goes
adding another Darryl this is what I'm
Larry this my brother Darryl this is my
other brother Darryl and this is my
other brother Dale whoa expect the
unexpected
I just I'm opening a bed-and-breakfast
looking to me to do bed breakfast
Newhart and the now chip now we're so
desperately remade shit that's like a
movie that would have been made in the
90s like I remember there was like car
54 where are you
there's Beverly Hillbillies all those
like older TV show remakes why chips in
the Year 2070 mo but I'm guessing the
fucking Rockford Files okay grandma
Rockford Files Murder She Wrote I wasn't
going to dress judgment Murder She Wrote
yeah it's but it's like a college-age
girl on her on her cell phone yeah
murder she tweeted I'm investigating a
murder in my college hashtag scared fuck
you how did you know I was having you in
this case a little bird told me people
so Jay would you recommend Mighty
Morphin Power Rangers the movie I can I
can it's not terrible but I just can the
problem was was that the plot was so
silly and I can't tell if they were
self-aware of how
terrible it was because they weren't
really making fun of it other than
Elizabeth Banks chewing the scenery yeah
other than that I really like it's like
it was it was a very very basic origin
story they took the Mighty Morphin Power
Rangers they didn't really make it make
it too dark but they didn't play it
corny they kind of rode the line in the
middle and the yeah it's very bland
it's very serviceable and it's very
basic you'll get a little laugh when
they play the theme song at the end if
you enjoyed the television program as a
kid you'll go ahead hey guys the song I
know I would say well maybe a ten year
old might like this movie I do know that
there was some dork near us that was
wearing a Power Rangers like cowl wound
and he was he had to have been in his
late 20s and it was just embarrassing it
was it was fine and then attended Power
Rangers pleaded pg-13 in theatres March
24th
all right Mike I've written new vows do
you want to hear them
yeah sure Harry I don't really love you
I'm only marrying you because we've
concocted a scam to take over your
finances and steal your money it's gone
too far now and I can't turn back my
overweight ugly manchild friend Mike is
making me do this if there is a member
of the law enforcement here please
arrest both of us oh yeah those are
great
that's perfect Jay keep those free even
listening no I was dreaming of the chips
trailer
