Dec 19, 2017
The Last Jedi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9hwGZFPSmw
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/943161755823460360
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155271462502634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-last-last-jedi-review
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedLetterMedia/comments/7kuh9a/half_in_the_bag_the_last_last_jedi_review/

Half in the bag.
It's time for the Jedi to end.
hello and welcome to a very special
edition of half in the bag I'm Mike I'm
Jay and I'm rich and today's episode is
sponsored by Fandango if you want to
order your movie tickets
two months in advance and then get to
the theater and have them have no record
of you ordering them use Fandango it's
finally here
the cinematic equivalent of Homer
Simpson's makeup shotgun it's Star Wars
the last Jedi seemingly endless action
no time to stop for anything so many
Vista's animals and robots endless death
Rian Johnson is the Undertaker of Star
Wars he put it in a grave or so the
internet says the film was simply
delightful or was it something like you
you wrote that intro and you wrote down
this film is delightful is that I need
to know is that sarcasm I also wrote
this film is the cinematic equivalent
Homer Simpson's makeup shotgun I was
thinking about that while I watched the
film that I chuckled to myself know
you're ready for a night on the town
you've got a set on whore so like what
does that mean what did you think of the
last Jedi I don't want to say it's a
mess but it's messy yeah I think that's
the best way to put it the most obvious
thing to me is it probably ends about
half an hour after it should have ended
the length is an issue and we'll get to
that length is an issue structure is an
issue and pacing is an issue
don't forget excessive miss firings of
comedy yes we'll try and say almost of
or we get into spoilers I don't know
about you guys every piece of comedy
fell flat for me yes I felt the Disney
Marvel influence there well it reminded
me of the guardians of the galaxy and
the thing I complained about guardians
of the galaxy to is they'll have kind of
like maybe an emotional moment or a
dramatic moment and then it's undercut
with a joke it's not as distracting in
that because the characters themselves
are silly and funny
in here everything's like dead serious
all these characters are completely you
know serious and focused and then
there's like an out-of-place joke this
is a movie about people who are either
bitter and old lost and confused or in a
desperate situation struggling for
survival and in all of those situations
the humor is just completely out of
place it did not belong in the movie I
when Luke throws the lightsaber oh yeah
it was like dead silence I heard huh
does this mean were in spoilers
we're on spoilers already that's all you
get for now hurts I did want to say one
thing that I was surprised by I was
surprised that I knew Rian Johnson was
directing the film and I I liked looper
and then I was like right Johnson he's a
cool dude I like looper and I looked it
up and I don't think I've seen any other
films of his he's only done a few he did
brick yeah burn this team or looper
worked because a little time travel
thing right and I know Rian Johnson I
think watches our programming there's
the famous tweet where somebody asked
him like are you gonna watch the half in
the bag or something like that and he
said I like those guys but I fear them
something strange like that and then to
my shock the the the end credit was
written and directed by Disney gave the
second film of this major franchise to
some guy instead of the committee and
and to me that was shocking you can
complain about the force awakens being
too safe and committee like and you know
think tank and it's it's basically a
retreading of a new hope and all the
pieces are in place it incident Elgin
and then you could complain that they
did that but here they did the opposite
they gave the movie to some guy and said
make a movie and just do whatever the
fuck you want and and it's the complete
opposite so no one has the right to
complain now complained about the force
awakens you know what I mean well you
mentioned the force awakens which
everybody liked when it came out and
then everybody decided they didn't like
any more I
the one guy who was lukewarm on that
when it came out and that's not a
goddamn pun it was everything I was
expecting it to be which was it was okay
I'm not in love with it I didn't hate it
it's a competent movie and really after
the prequels as far as the Star Wars
fans are concerned that's all it had to
be it had to be competent people act
like they like they're clever for
discovering that it's a remake of a new
hope or it's like of course it is like
they weren't tricking anybody no the
whole point of that movie was to remind
people what the feeling of Star Wars was
after the fucking prequels you make your
safe movie make a safe movie that
introduces some new characters and
that's really what that movie is more
about than the plot is is setting up
these new characters once that's out of
the way now is the time to go off and do
your own thing which this movie does but
it's a mess Ryan has written a story
that's unexpected but right a lot of the
doing its own thing to me just felt like
a reaction though to accusations of it
being of the the force awakens being a
knock out of a new hope well we're gonna
do the opposite of some things some of
the stuff that happens people gonna be
not oh my god yes I wanted to bring that
up it's it's as if Rian Johnson I'm
gonna say Rian Johnson because he's the
writer are there any other ghost writers
on this project is probably 20 I don't
know I'm sure there's certain
stipulations that Disney had yeah but as
far as like the shaping of the story I
mean the writers room and bunch of
people said hey do this or did he just
sit down and write a script I mean if he
did that's something that we always like
push for that we are big proponents of
is the writer director yeah the guy who
crafts or gal who crafts a film out of
his or her own imagination and then they
make the movie that they want to make
when it feels like somebody's vision and
it feels like somebody's vision we
always champion that over the the
committee so it seems like Rian Johnson
went and said okay you think snoke's at
the Emperor you think kylo Ren is the
new Darth Vader you know all this stuff
um you you complain about too many we
love lightsabers no one hits a
lightsaber into another lightsaber in
the entire film
and it's like it's like it's like
antimatter like it's it's like he took
all of your expectations and twisted
them but did he twist them too far and
too strangely and too absurdly I I
wouldn't say too strange I have just say
too much it's like every five minutes it
was like like it starts right off the
bat with ya Luke throwing the lightsaber
it's like that's the big dramatic end
moment of the last movie at never mind
Oh who's Snoke who's he gonna be is
people have been speculating for two
years oh he's just a guy and I was okay
with that one it's like he he trolled
the audience in a very small way hmm
it's like he which is admirable in a way
is he a secret asshole troll the
audience it was cuz I was thinking this
this film a joke many many times I you
know I respect that I
in theory I like a lot of what he's
trying to do with this movie in theory
in execution and most of it doesn't work
there was a moment where it culminated
and it really got interesting like
philosophically well by far for me the
most interesting thing in the film was
Luke Skywalker having rejected the force
and the Jedi that's that's that's
another in theory in theory that's a
great idea in execution I don't know wow
I mean but a little detail you got
little details like Luke's playing a
bitter old man but then he has too many
goofy one-liners oh yeah if you're going
for the Lucas bitter and through with
them and he's just done with it don't
don't do the one-liner jokes like like I
understand Rey handing him the
lightsaber and him rejecting the
lightsaber but just the comic timing the
comic nature of whoop yeah didn't work
right it is about okay we're gonna Forge
your own path we're gonna go our own way
yeah we're not the old Star Wars but
then the problem is everything the new
characters try and do is like a horrible
failure and they end up at the end of
the movie exactly where they are at the
beginning of the movie this is this is
wheel spinning the movie because no one
accomplishes anything that's very true
it feels like a series of B plots like a
sitcom where you have your a story and
your B story this is all B's stories
because there's no larger well though
there's no like it doesn't feel like
they're building or going anyway the
larger story was supposed to be
raise Snoke kylo Ren but then they added
5b stories one with bb-8 that was a B
story that joke didn't land C where are
you Rian Johnson that's how it feels
and then laura dern throws up a pink
hair and then why the pink hair that was
driving me nuts
why did the character in general that's
the problem is there's there's that part
where she is not telling poe dameron
what their actual plan is so he goes off
on his own too you know and that's his
arc is that he's like he's a hothead and
he takes risks and he needs to learn to
to work with others or wants to learn to
blindly follow Authority yes because it
turns out that Laura Dern's character
had the secret plan all along
and you're just like why didn't she just
tell him about it other than we need to
make things happen in the movie we need
5b plus it Finn and Rose who I liked
Rose until she makes the stupidest
decision ever at the end but she was she
was fine for most of the movie but her
and Finn this was like oh we got to give
him something to do story line they go
off to this stupid like Las Vegas planet
that where I was having prequel
flashbacks that felt like a prequel type
thing but they could they go off to do
their little adventure there they fail
horribly so they come back and that
entire last half hour was worthless
well Princess Leia flies out into space
well okay well you have to talk about
that because that's already like a meme
already her flying in space and flying
back to the ship and people were
tweeting at us like that Leia scene you
guys are gonna laugh hysterically which
we didn't it was it was weird and it was
sort of awkwardly executed but it wasn't
like hysterical it was more it's it's
emblematic appearing
it was strange which there's lots of
that in the movie and I endorse strange
stuff but that particular moment is
emblematic of the entire movie which is
Princess Leia is on the ship she gets
blown out of the ship and then she flies
back to the ship and then she's right
back where she was before she got blown
out of the ship right and that's the
whole movie did did Carrie Fisher 100%
finish filming I didn't see any jarring
like Carrie Fisher was digitally
inserted here and I'm strange like that
I think she finished all of her scenes I
mean there is an ending to her character
ironically she's the one that lives out
of Luke Han and Leia they gambled wrong
there didn't they I mean it's such a
shame it's like someone shot John Lennon
Paul McCartney and George Harrison home
one night Mark David Chapman had a
machine gun
strange editing moments I don't know
about you guys but the the ending
spoiler spoiler alert Snoke or Snoke
dies right and it was almost like a
reverse reverse bait-and-switch
because snoke's on the throne right and
then and he's like he makes
what's-her-name Rey fly up to kylo Ren
yeah and he's like kill her kylo Ren you
know prove who you are loyal to take
your lightsaber out and used to you know
whatever use your lightsaber to stab
your main villain that you are going to
kill and bitch right and then and then
it cuts to like the Luke lightsaber it's
slowly turning like yeah yeah we know
what's gonna happen
like he's spelling it out for you and I
thought I thought it was gonna kill ray
I'm like it's too I it was so obvious
that they were gonna do something
different yes and then they could smoke
in half and then oh then like yeah he
falls down and it's like oh okay
you know no cannon is a globe LeMay
outfit and he's like the ultimate
villain and he he he he couldn't see
that betrayal
no but kylo Ren has proved to be an
effort his entire life yeah and then
somehow magic well there's a wonderful
line Snoke yeah there's a great speaking
of him being you know Snow Queen olotele
he's an up there's a great moment early
on that's kind of a little bit meta
where he's like you got beat by a girl
with a lightsaber it's like cuz I was
people complain about that in the last
movie yeah even though they established
that he was injured and that's why she
was able to he got he got shot in the
kidney and he was bleeding to death but
who could who could raid match him in a
fight cuz he was he was barely
experienced yes and so is she
no it's worse than the prequels
because I know you're doing a voice
you're doing a voice you're doing the
internet guy voice that was a 1 there 1
1 comedy line that that that kind of
felt okay to me was when like he's like
what do you know about the force just
like hey you you could make rocks float
and tell people to do things and then
you know people chuckled and it felt a
little silly but that was like hey
that's about right
that's kind of what she knows about the
force she knows nothing yeah I was like
that's cute moment and then bringing it
back at the end when she has to lift
rocks and then your eyes roll back in
your head so fast smoke and and the
throne room and the betrayal you know
why I think that was so obvious cuz in
his head the real twist was after kylo
Ren switching sides he goes no I really
didn't switch sides I'm still evil that
was the real twist
well yeah it's like hitting the reset
button yeah I forget about the last 20
minutes he's just there is no twist and
that's that was disappointing cuz like
it for all the talk of like we want to
forge our own you know not we don't want
to repeat the past for your own
direction when they're like let's team
up together and we'll start a new a new
world a new system together that's like
I want to see that I like that kylo
Ren's like like yeah this is all
bullshit you know good evil
what's the difference yeah basically
let's just tear it all down and until
the end when it's good versus evil yeah
he's like well let's start by blowing up
all of your friends how about you don't
blow up anybody just like you and Ray
hold hands and take over the first order
fire general huckster get out you're
fired you know and then put it on the
intercom okay everybody you know just
keep doing what you're doing I'm in
charge being rare in charge and we're
gonna spread peace and equality
throughout the galaxy you guys so we're
gonna back off this whole killing my
mother thing and we're gonna we're just
gonna go settle down and we're gonna
create a government we're gonna like
build some dams hey the people need dams
yeah the only reason all those people
are evils because they're led by an evil
person you get rid of him it's all those
people what to do
it's like the world the Star Wars II the
world outside of things shooting each
other it's just a blank slate anything
could be going on there I don't I don't
know that the first order is doing
anything evil it's true they did blow up
some planets in the last movie that's
true but that was when they were led by
the the evil man that's true
the evil nan character who they realized
was a stupid character so they just
killed him off it's no cold smoking a
Mark Hamill he plays a character called
Luke Skywalker and he shows up at the
end of the film and I'm like he's some
kind of ghost or a projection of himself
one they cover Lee though showed his
x-wing buried under the water submerged
in the water I should say to kind of
like or how the Vox looking got off the
island was x-wings there thanks and then
he shows up and then his gray is gone
from his beard and he has he has like a
toupee out and he and he looks like
Billy Mays he takes out his blue
lightsaber that we've already seen get
broken and I'm like wait a minute is the
KSR is returning the Jedi green
lightsaber they built remember that one
they show it yes I remember I'm like
wait rayon rayon rayon Finn or Ken Ken
ray and peg can really break the
lightsaber in half so I'm like how does
he have a blue lightsaber now oh it goes
can we talk about Yoda and how Yoda
appears and as a ghost has the ability
to call lightning down from the sky
somehow to do what Luke was gonna do
anyway it was pretty awesome to see an
actual puppet though you know it's weird
you know can I just say something just
really strange okay and I don't know if
it's dementia sitting in or something's
wrong with me and this may shock you
we watched the trailer for a garden
gnome movie oh yes
and at the end of the garden gnome movie
there was a garden gnome who was naked
and headed like a g-string um he's doing
a buddy I'm against and his butt was
dancing for a moment I thought Yoda to
badness
and I confused the two that's dimension
and I was like do you guys remember when
Yoda was dancing in front of the fire
and then I was like wait a minute oh
wait that was all right it's time to put
you in the home like that was it the
garden gnome movie I really thought that
happened here's awful joke the jovial
Yoda wasn't you have frege's he sounded
weird yeah that was right guys okay he
was at the premiere and so there was
speculation Wow oh really
oh is that why I'm like Frank Oz would
go other premiere he would be invited to
the fucking premiere he's Frank Oz is
that the premiere of force awakens yeah
he's Frank Oz yeah well he would be up
to premiere he's gets a ticket he gets a
front row seat you know I only know
that's not oh and the back and he's more
rubbery than ever Luke just turns and
he's like Oh Master Yoda like I'd like
hey visits all the time I guess he must
visit I want to see that movie two of
them in isolation on this island you
want to leave me alone like The Odd
Couple but Luke and a ghost Yoda I'd
watch that
how shall I see you have watch the we
don't know more bigoted more blue milk I
require go milk sing it's the central
conflict of the movie
Luke is mad that he always has to get
the milk you know I thought was odd oh
yeah an empire Yoda acts like like a
crazy asshole at first right and he's
like he's like he's like he takes r2d2
hotdogs and he's like hitting him with
the stick and he's acting like yeah and
then he's like he's like digging through
the garbage in his little butt sticking
out and he said anything like kind of
like a wild animal because he's testing
Luke and looks like a witch making a
mess and all that stuff and then there's
that moment when he's like to you know
come into my little Hut and then he said
take me to master Yoda and then notice
starts talking all ob1 and there's that
realization that that that's the Jedi
Master and Yoda's demeanor completely
changes
I'm not afraid you will be you will be
in this his ghost is acting like crazy
Yoda
he's like why is he acting like fake
Yoda Oh Oh Mike Mike and the Yogi's you
don't like that in the Otis standalone
film we're gonna see you Otis frat days
when he acts like that all the time Yoda
he was gonna like start fighting with a
poor go over a little piece of food
why is Ghost Yoda not acting like like
the real Yoda and not the face that Yoda
was putting on yeah tweet at us Rian
Johnson let us know why your dissol
goofy shit have you seen Star Wars
because Luke didn't think that a Jedi
Master would be a little green guy and
his concepts of what is a Jedi Master
just blown out the window the Jedi
Master doesn't have to be a big tough
strong guy it could be a little green
midget I'm gonna bring puppet sorry that
was the magic of Star Wars now let's go
watch the fucking toilet there is no
force it looks like you don't have to
have anything special about you to
become a Jedi oh really
it's about family and that's what's so
powerful about it
you
and the and Yoda has a message that I
think is supposed to be kind of
reverberate it through the rest of the
movie which is where he's like we
learned the most from our failures
because every character in this movie
fails constantly but but nobody really
learned anything from it
Allen Poe Dameron he's the only
character in this movie with an arc
he learned don't don't take risks cuz
you're just gonna get caught right and
you're just gonna get a whole bunch of
people killed yes listen to your
superiors blindly and Finn learned a
very valuable lesson from rose which was
which is do not sacrifice yourself for
the greater good
don't take chances because love will
save us but but wait laura dern
sacrificed herself for the greater good
fucked up the whole girl fleet and a
badass move when that have been better
is Princess Leia's character it is very
sad it was sad seeing her in this but
there was one really kind of nice little
touching moment when Luke comes in at
the end oh yeah
many hands are the the little dice from
the one in Falcon yeah yeah what seeing
actual like Luke and Leia on screen
together that was that moment that we
didn't get in the force awakens was on
meet me and Luke we also don't get to
see Luke's reaction to Hans death very
strange editing yeah very strange pacing
very strange dialogue the opening
sequence when Poe Dameron is Frank
calling oh god that was when I was
really worried the movie got better as
it went along I forgot about that where
he's doing like a like a like please
holds like they're on a phone yeah it
does that even make sense in the Star
Wars universe and then he said he says
your mama he says your mama joke he's
like I'm on hold for your mother or
something like that yeah yeah I was like
what is happening but then the action
stuff was fun after that where he's like
he's too small that they can't take him
out you know when he's flying around to
take out their guns I like that but then
they had a the the bomber ships come in
and they're gonna drop the bombs
because gravity exists and it's baby
maybe that's picky but I noticed that
and I was like they're just gonna drop
down they got a magnetrons oh no oh
they're self guided by a little tiny
thrusters or something nothing and
nothing in Star Wars has to make any
kind of sense I bought that as the
direct world work to Arielle contrary
was so one bomber did the job
they have to send in 30 of them well
Google 29 of them got blown up they were
smart they knew all these people are
gonna fucking die maybe you could just
put a few of those bombs on an x-wing
and then like 30x wings that are fast
all drop five bombs each which should be
a military tactician maybe rebellion oh
my god these ideas make so much such
that's so obvious there's no gravity in
space so if the bombs are self-propelled
which they would have to be why don't
they just like launch them from a
distance of like five hundred million
miles going really fast like a photon
torpedo walking
fire yeah I know that makes sense
there's a Star Trek Voyager episode
about this where the Maquis had had a
planet-destroying missile that was
self-guided and somehow ended up in the
Delta Quadrant and Torres had
disarmament because it was out of
control she programmed it right yeah it
was the suicide bomb or whatever in the
event that that they got killed it would
head towards Cardassia and blow
Cardassia but it had like an AI in it
and it was like imma go blow something
else up it's targeting scanners have
been activated and it's like it could
take out a whole fucking planet so the
rebellion needs to develop some serious
long-range weapons but do you remember
when Finn came out of the hospital room
with with the costume on leaking fluid
all over the floor that was funny wasn't
it that was oh that whole sequence there
when they they get into skies and they
board the ship that's like what we were
talking about should have happened in
rogue one their little their little
heist plot though wasn't clever they
just said we got to go and turn off the
the beacon or whatever it wasn't so much
that wasn't clever said it was a
complete failure it lit and led to
nothing
well they got betrayed by a character
who we don't care about yes just like
Lando betrayed han Solo and friends but
but that led Finn to meet up with
captain Flay's ma again so that they
could fight and she could be easily
defeated again rich do you remember one
Finn captain phasma and then she fell
down into a fire pit yes and then he's
okay that's done now let's what's
another thing I can do do you remember
when the bb-8 was piloting an 80s T that
when he made it walk and the top fell
off so we could see the bb-8 was
piloting it and then everybody jumped on
top of the 80s T legs and we're running
do you remember one that climbed on top
of a giant space space ape you mean that
sequence that was the climax of the film
thirty minutes before the other climax
of the film
like like Finn and Rosa's adventure
having no bearing on anything that
happens in the movie yeah she fell in
love well her payoff oh my god that was
the dumbest mom in the movie they got
the the laser battering ram to go
through the the door the sickness
StarTek its death starts as a miniature
dust our butthole and Finn's driving
he's flying his ship right into it he's
gonna sacrifice himself to save
everybody else Rose Rams her ship into
his ship which could potentially kill
both of them and then it wouldn't save
anybody and it doesn't save anybody oh I
was i I think I started laughing when
she's having her speech love is what
will save us while the big death laser
is about to kill all of their friends
Finn was about to stop that which would
give his character a real thing to do in
the movie other than you know nonsense
side plot he could save these people but
no love they were they went there to see
that guy and they failed because
everybody fails always and then they
found Benicio del Toro who then betrayed
them so they failed again but they saved
the animals oh thank god
no remember that was a that was a
bizarre moment - she let one of those
creatures go and she's like that's the
real victory because he's like he's like
it's really great that all these wild
animal smashed up that casino that's
that's a great victory and you know I'm
letting this one goes a real real
victory and that's what I thought we
were being trolled I mean right this is
just too dumb it can't be real I can't I
can't be seeing this I'm gonna wake up
suddenly go oh my gosh today's the day I
see the last Jedi I had a dream that it
was really bad was this whole movie the
making of this whole movie just Ryan
Johnson realizing how horribly limited
the Star Wars universe is well that's
the the problem and there's a tweet a
famous tweet by him someone asked him
about like how much of this was
pre-planned because they set up all
these things in the force awakens they
set up Snoke who's a mysterious figure
we don't know anything about him we know
anything about race family she's waiting
for her family to come back and Ryan
Johnson just bluntly explained
like no none of like they set up all
these things in the first movie with no
idea where they were gonna go so he's
coming into this project like what the
fuck do I do I'll do nothing raise
families no they're not nobody there
nobody I will say no cuz nobody I will
take every weight like you you think
everyone was like Ray's father is
obi-wan Kenobi yeah she has a little bit
of a British accent plus she has the
force so everyone's kind of and who is
Snoke is he the reincarnation of Darth
Sidious is he Darth Plagueis the the the
famous Sith Lord that Palpatine killed
with his lightsaber some there is even a
theory that Snoke is this elderly woman
from the Star Wars prequels is it Bea
Arthur from the holiday special
I'm serious there's an old lady who has
like these buns in her hair and she
wears like this yellow gold outfit and
she her face kinda looks like snow she
was in the Phantom Menace or something
as a secret secret super secret secret
set Wow a phantom Phantom Menace if you
will and so there's theories about that
so it's like it's like he trolled all
those people who had all their their fan
theories about all this bullshit and he
just said nothing isn't it's all nothing
see if those two really tore down the
concept of the force and good and evil
okay with large the Jedi what the fuck
Yoda burns down this is all Jedi
archives I'm fine with that yeah that's
the thing
those three instances I'm ok with if the
movie was more focused what I would
think that would because it's like okay
good
ray is not related to obi-wan yes we
always complain that all these
characters everyone's related
Skywalker's so it's so limited so the
fact that she's just some person like
that's great so it's like I'm oh if
those were the couple things where
you're like oh he subvert it what we
were expecting to happen that would be
fine it's just that the movies got so
many other things happening that have no
connection to it and no purpose Jay I
completely agree with you on those two
points okay so Luke uses astral
projection to make himself appear on a
battlefield and and then things happen
but we I guess it he used so much of the
force that he died from it yes he was he
was sacrificing himself although I don't
know why he didn't just physically go
there cuz then he could still serve the
same function but potentially still live
I look Skywalker's it's pretty cool but
I don't think he could withstand the
blast so my guess is that part yeah five
hundred giant he didn't know that was
good right it so that doesn't happen
yeah I know the idea of him showing up
in person and sacrificing himself has a
little more weight to it because as it
is it's like he's always just lazy they
wanted they wanted that scene of him
staring at the setting twin suns which
was a fine little moment I guess I I
don't I don't mind that he died it just
feels like the kind of finality you
would have in the third movie ya know
there J there was a cutscene where he
tried to start his x-wing up it wouldn't
start okay yes the poor's for help and
then they're like yeah movie was
originally 40 minutes longer it's just
using the force she's trying to get into
other water it's been sitting in the
water for 30 years sounds like the type
of awkward comedy that would be in this
movie so he's under the hood he's trying
to get it to work you just can't say he
does something with the wrench and the
whole bunch of like seawater just pulls
out his face I think rich you said it
best when you said SAR was is creatively
bankrupt because I thought about that
like Leia and and they should like
Admiral Ackbar died and they show who's
that the one guy who piloted the
Millennium Falcon with Lando neum nub
the Neum knobs there and they're like oh
god the the the Empire's gonna overtake
us and blow us up and everyone's dead in
the in hopes like huh and I just thought
but like Mia 30 years ago
mium knob blew up the Death Star and I'm
like how much longer can this conflict
go on long can the resistance continue
and poor Leia
she looks so old she's like an elderly
woman she and she's still doing this and
and what else can they do they
answer is not much bad once we're off
with a completely new story that has
nothing to do with that conflicts which
is probably Ryan Johnson wanting to get
away from that I think that's kind of
what he's trying to do with this movie
it's like the force awakens
yeah I've gotten the way of doing a
completely different Star Wars story
you really don't though have a rich
universe to set something new in because
all we know about the universe are these
things they're reacting yeah oh we know
Empire rebellion TIE fighter 80 80 light
saber these are all we know mm-hmm yeah
I I think the idea of Luke being bitter
and anti-age for thought the Jedi were
wrong and he hasn't he has clear reasons
why I like that yeah and then the
general theme of like letting go of the
past like I like that I like to pretty
much anything with kylo Ren he's the
best character in this series yeah I
really like Adam driver as kylo Ren I
think his performance and his character
is so like torn and yeah I was afraid
and that's again kinda the the meta
thing was like in the force awakens or
he's essentially a Star Wars fan boy
he's a Darth Vader fan boy yeah that's
interesting so I liked that stuff it's
just that it's just such a muddled mess
but and I like I like to Ray in this
more than the first one because like
kylo that was the most interesting part
because like high-low she she wants to
like she wants answers she wants to know
what to do
it looks like why did you come here you
know what do you expect and we all
expected the him to train her and he'd
start straying or he's like nope you
know and then she's like fine fuck you
I'm leaving I'm gonna go get kylo Ren
and and try to turn him to the good side
of our own thing I don't know what to do
the first order is blowing everything up
and I don't know what to do I need some
kind of help or guidance that moment
when her and kylo kind of connect a
little and they kind of see eye-to-eye
and and then working together to create
something new that would have been such
a great direction to go in then you
don't have a third movie yeah the third
movie
you could I mean like taking taking the
concept of the first order and then
having them power down their military
machine and kind of return back to
political life kind of like reversing
what Sidious did backtracking it and
then reintegrating the rebellion and as
as members of this galactic society and
all the stuff that could come with that
it could take it in a different
direction but now next next episode
guaranteed
giant super weapon that's shaped like a
sphere that has a giant laser on it
that's what we're headed towards look as
interesting as Ray tuned up with Ken to
reform the first order or do something
new and different and that's just too
smart for Star Wars and I don't think
it's too smart for Star Wars because you
can still Star Wars stories are aside
from the prequels which are jumbled mess
they're all relatively simple and you
could do a relatively simple story with
that of them kind of rebuilding you know
a society but who do they shoot who do
you blow oh then it's too smart for Star
Wars dammit it's so weird to with that
idea when you think about like those
original movies they're just solids kind
of fantasy movies it's not like some
grand was like there's world building in
them but it's not some epic tale it'd be
like like families making a whole
universe out of back to the future
that's like those right just three
movies that were were solid movies and
that's kind of it
you can't have an expanded universe or
back to the future but it's too
profitable and they can't leave this
alone they have to keep trying something
and it's gonna be just the same things
rearranged that's the yeah I guess
that's the frustrating part about this
movie is that there are attempts at new
ideas yes to take it in a different
direction but it still still feels like
more of the same
despite that at the end of the day we
have man with a lightsaber and black
armor with a giant army fighting a small
band of rebels with a young
inexperienced Jedi helping them at the
end of the day that's what you have
that's what Star Wars is
it's always gonna be some variation of
that the online community people talking
about star wars it's just like a race to
see who can either hate the movies the
most or who can be the most contrarian
it's like the contrarian Olympics
everyone wins a gold medal everybody
wins
well you talked about the original
trilogy and and it's like people
responded to those movies with such
fandom and excitement because they liked
the movies and now that's inverted now
they're responding to a brand the brand
and before the movie comes out like like
those those Star Wars like fan
conventions what are they called fan of
our celebration a Star Wars celebration
where they're like here's the trailer
and it's like like like an auditorium of
like 50,000 people and they're all like
cheering and you know they have people
up there and it's like it's like a
political rally and you know Kathleen
Kennedy's like pounding your fist on a
podium you know everyone's like you know
holding up signs so so you have this
like just like weird flock mentality
sheep mentality of people that are just
like blind fans to this it's almost like
a cult
now
and then the movie comes out and
everybody hates it and then they say
here's another one for you and everyone
fills up that auditorium again and
starts like cheering it's like grown-ups
acting like children like children cheer
movie trailers don't come cheer yeah I
cried the whole time like or you wait
till the movie comes out you watch it
either you like it or you don't and then
you move on with your life where we do
like post-mortem you know we look at all
the things in it what went wrong what
went right you know we tend to break
things down but then but like you said
it's very black or white with with some
of the people out there but it's just
like fuck you you know and and it's
strange I think to me the strangest part
is people just like screaming their
heads off it's like Beatlemania take
another Beatles reference it's like the
girls screaming on The Ed Sullivan Show
for something except this is grown men
and women men mostly men wearing like
porn costumes they're in their 40s and
they're like pulling their hair out and
screaming and it's almost like
conditioned like a political rally
that's that's kind of what I mean where
it's like our political candidate can do
no wrong they're perfect in every way
look at our political candidate you know
it's the even those behind the scenes
things on like the force awakens or the
rogue one blu-ray have you ever watched
any of those know they're very calculate
they're so glossy and and everybody got
along great on set and this is such a
beautiful experience and and our
political candidate can do no wrong
contrast that with the The Phantom
Menace behind the scenes yeah
I forget to say action or cut just step
it in say action
I manage action and cut and faster and
more intense and then mostly I sit there
looking miserable and quiet it makes you
even look back on the original trilogy
and even the prequel trilogy to a
certain extent and appreciate like the
the realness of it now it feels like
there's a gloss over everything and and
you can't really see what's behind the
glass welcome to Disney
the way I approached how we would go
about making episode 7 wasn't any
different than what we would do with any
large tentpole movie today there was a
period a very brief period of time when
Star Wars was just a series of well
liked blockbusters and now it's not
special anymore
and for the record I don't think this is
terrible it's sporadically interesting
it's a very good yes yes Ju
you once said I will I will know if I
want to keep watching the Star Wars
movies based on the last Jedi yes that
was my whole thing was like yeah force
awakens is a rehash but it does a good
job of capturing the spirit of Star Wars
and now that it's out of the way the
second movie is the time to become its
own thing this is not including any of
the side movies or whatever this is the
main story and the prognosis this movie
doesn't Sonne thing kind of but by the
end of it you I wasn't like interested
in knowing what happens to any of these
characters after this this movie feels
like it has sort of a finality to it
you know it feels like the last movie in
a trilogy that's what I was gonna say
where can you go from here and that's
the problem that's I'm not terribly
excited or interested to see where they
go next the only thing they have to work
with is we have to shoot and kill kylo
Ren yeah we're gonna fight the bad guys
no not we have to get Han back not oh I
just learned this horrible thing about
my father what do I do
there's like nowhere to grow though
wasn't because he wasn't trained how to
you the lightsaber but she still beat
kylo Ren this one subscribe he's a
MarySue see no fucking MarySue in this
one everybody fails nobody's a MarySue
see you again in two years for the next
one when they just have to blow up a
super weapon and she has to get into a
lightsaber fight with kylo Ren again
because they can't do anything new or
interesting with Star Wars they just
can't
it's not there I'm sorry you've wasted
your life and your fandom you know will
be great is if the next like Star Wars
what is it fan fandom shower celebration
celebration it's just like like 11
people scattered throughout this giant
auditorium and then they go can everyone
come down to the front row very special
guests
we've got anthony daniels here you want
to see him right let me talk about how
c-3po changed the world
I can't wait for the 10th movie in the
series where we're raised child has
grown up to worship kylo Ren and then he
betrays the the Jedi Order and becomes a
Sith Lord and teams up with a here for a
previously unseen Sith Lord and then ray
gets upset by that she goes in hiding on
a planet and then a new a new kid has to
show up who's got some force what is it
and and he he teams up with Maz Kanata
the Millennium focus or a super weapon
yeah of course
there's gonna be a gas giant is gonna
turn into a new Death Star because it's
gonna be a much bigger planet and the
other one it's gonna be like the laser
is gonna come out of Jupiter's spot this
Death Star is also gonna have a Jupiter
spot they just shoot some giant lasers
that destroy whole like it destroys like
half the galaxy red stop giving them
ideas and then Lewis goes just gonna
show up and use lightning to burn down a
tree it's gonna go it's gonna go a new
exciting directions yeah it's gonna be
horribly familiar I think I think the
big question that people have is like
did we hate this movie or did we love it
and and as we went into detail on it
it's complicated I I think the important
thing is though I'm not all excited for
the next one that's I have no idea where
they're going for I have no idea where
they're going with it and there's like
no
interesting developments yeah the force
awakens ended on an obvious cliffhanger
what are they what's gonna happen I want
to see what these characters do yes I
want to see what Luke Skywalker does I
want to see what happens with Rey yeah I
think that's the most damning thing is
yeah there's nothing really to
anticipate with the next one this is the
setup to the Star Wars Saturday morning
cartoon where every week the resistance
yes fight the evil forces of kylo Ren in
the first order yeah that's a good way
to put it
well that's great because we're gonna
have a movie every week so I guess you
know if you're gonna watch Star Wars
movies or not you don't need our
recommendation or no recommendation okay
bye
that's all thank you thank you we're
sorry this review is so late again we'd
like to mention our sponsor Fandango put
your credit card in and pay for your
movie tickets show up at the theater and
then don't get your movie tickets
