Jun 4, 2017
Wonder Woman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhoUnOxqr40
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/871501240114524160
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154683645917634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-wonder-woman

Half in the bag.
I'm so sick of everything inside of a movie theater.
oh how much more this is there oh I'm so
full
what do you mean how much more I have
four more cakes in the fridge
do I have read at all well yes you have
to eat them all
I bought them so you could tell me which
cake you liked the best
then I know which cake to order for the
fucking wedding wedding what wedding
look just shut the fuck off and keep
eating the cake we're trying to read
this classic American novel follow that
one by Hemingway close Michael Jan
Freedman oh I loved him on Earwolf look
I have a renewed interest in the
literature okay this is a story about
when the x-men met Star Trek The Next
Generation and it's called Planet X okay
so if you could just shut the fuck up
and keep eating your cake like right did
you hear the big news
oh my god you're pregnant yeah but
bigger than that oh my god there was a
celebrity divorce bigger bigger than a
major or minor celebrity has died either
expectedly or han expectedly probably
with this let me tell you the news okay
Cece is made a film that apparently
isn't terrible what oh Jesus Christ
how could that be true what movie is it
Wonder Woman
ah come on let's go see it oh my god
dad let's go see this building it's
gonna be wonderful
what is this place who are you people we
are the bridge to a greater
understanding
feminism stereotypes political awareness
misandry
misogyny feminazi proto feminism
mansplaining had a row narrative
empowering feminists topicality these
are terms we can now associate with a
fun superhero movie today thanks world
why it's Wonder Woman finally in this
hopeless age of Trump little girls have
someone that can look up to for hit
their own mother's physicist Marie Curie
mae Jemison Harriet Tubman Margaret
Thatcher Rosa Parks susan b anthony
hillary clinton and even fucking
cleopatra finally little girls and grown
women all over the world can look up to
a fictional amazon princess with a magic
whip who stars in a movie no one will
remember in two weeks well with all that
out of the way now Jay why don't you
tell me what you thought of Wonder Woman
it was pretty good I thought the same
thing it was pretty good but in all
seriousness it's unfortunate that
there's so much bullshit kind of
surrounding this movie now because I
think it might turn a lot of people off
from seeing it almost on principle like
I fucked that movie is so it's been
completely politicized you know no
matter how you feel about it I think it
might turn some people off which is
unfortunate because it's a really
entertaining movie I liked it a lot I
and but I didn't love it and I thought
it was very uneven and I think this is
really the first movie I kind of like
delved into the critical responses and
sort of like what people were thinking
before came out and I just kind of like
some reason just became immersed in that
and fascinated by it because I didn't
want to like a snowball effect so just
keep it building yeah it was largely set
up by the Ghostbusters movie from last
year because there was that there's a
new image of it's like a really tall
billboard advertisement for Justice
League again
a picture of the flash and mainly
focused on Wonder Woman there's a little
tiny girl in the bottom of the frame
like looking up at the Wonder Woman no
Jerry that's kind of what got me going
with the whole Ghostbusters thing
because there's that other image with
the little girl talking to Kristen Wiig
yeah it's like finally little girls have
someone to look up to and I think
there's a little bit of confusion
between what is a role model and and
what is entertainment anyone over the
age of six should not be looking up to
Wonder Woman well I don't know Mike as
an amazonian princess myself I'm glad
that I finally have someone in film to
represent me being a partial deity with
superpowers and a magic whip is you know
inspiring I mean they should moreso be
looking up to the director okay I think
yeah and I think people are probably
going to say like wow that's kind of
what we mean by it but you know the
she's done a good job making a really
good superhero movie better than Zack
Snyder I think what we've learned is
that if you want to make a good DC movie
get Zack Snyder as involved as it as
little as possible
Zack Snyder I just don't like his films
patty Jenkins I haven't seen monster
unfortunately but I mean I I know it's a
good Vance's so as far as her direction
and being a filmmaker I think she's a
better filmmakers then Zack Snyder yeah
and it's like all this like stuff about
that finally it's the first thing that
little girls and women can look up to
it's just strange it's strange to me
and it feels like a marketing tactic the
list feels more like it's a viral
marketing like not maybe necessarily the
studio behind it I don't know like it's
more like other people that kind of are
are putting their serova agenda
attaching it to this movie as opposed to
Ghostbusters what you had Paul see was
constantly like women have never been
funny before and you're like fuck you
Paul Feig yeah
it's also become a quasi equality issue
in the tiny tiny world of superhero
movies it's become an equality issue
well it's bigger than that and that
comic movies are like the biggest movies
right now it's not a tiny tiny niche
well you're right but um does genre is
and it's like so it's like okay well we
haven't had a female superhero movie
except for Catwoman Elektra and a couple
other ones at fucked because all think
pretty shitty because the characters are
terrible or maybe the movies were bad
too I don't know
Carolyn was awful yeah that's kind of a
legendary flaw yeah but um and so
they're like well all these you know the
Avengers and and all that all don't we
haven't had a single female superhero
movie and so it becomes some kind of
like strange equality issue like
equality in the workplace yeah and if
you look back comic-book movies come
from comic books which are and I'm just
going to go out on a limb here I'm going
to get wild I'm going to say that maybe
little boys probably read superhero
comics more than little girls and I mean
the origin or disclaimer disclaimer just
not the day that no one remember like
y'all know what I'm talking about
and a lot of it has to do with
marketability and and profitability to
Wonder Woman is a good good concur
because I would say Wonder Woman is
probably the most famous female
superhero oh yeah she's I mean that's
when it comes to DC it's Batman Superman
and Wonder Woman yeah and Marv is people
talk about representation like she said
how many Batman movies that we had you
know how many Superman and I just been
like no there's never been a Wonder
Woman movie there was a crappy
low-budget TV show in the 70s and that's
kind of it aside from some cartoons I
think and again that's probably because
playing to your audience
well Studios yeah they look at box
office numbers they look at past combo
these like Catwoman and they're not
looking at whether the movie is good or
not they're looking at how much it maids
and they're going down to the bottom
line and that's kind of what decides
these things but Wonder Woman has its
origins in in feminism a guy invented
her but it was his wife who said you
better make it a lady oh really and then
I think I think I read that he modeled
the the look of Wonder Woman either
after his wife or after another woman
who he was in a polyamorous relationship
with oh that's very interesting but he
was also a psychologist and he's the guy
who invented the polygraph test the guy
who created Wonder Woman yeah that's
very interesting
I think that's connected to the lasso of
truth Wow because it's a polygraph the
thing that registered blood pressure and
he tells if you like or not yeah I don't
know why he created the superhero but I
guess she was created in 1941 and then
he's like this is how women should be
like like Mazzoni and warriors and they
should rule the world because they're
smarter and whatever and then I'm
enacted he died like a couple years
later and then the character kind of
vanished until like the 1970s she was
like like cooking cleaning in the house
in cartoons and stuff from what I
remember reading okay and then she's
like reappeared in the 70s I was like
hey is that because I was like the rise
of guys I'm in 2070 um so yeah I think
that the movie coupled with the history
of Wonder Woman being a feminist icon
okay um it kind of is infused into the
movie whether or not the movie has that
much to do with feminism it really
doesn't too much no no and that's I
think that's why this movies kind of a
win-win for everybody if you just want
to see a fun entertaining action movie
it's entertaining if you're really into
come book movies it's a good comic book
movie it's a good origin movie and if
that's the kind of thing that you're
looking for the whole sort of feminist
angle and like a big popular successful
movies it doesn't suck it's not a
Catwoman
a little too much of the speed ramping
stuff that's very zen i turi i think
things ex nighter does that anymore
though so it was imploded it's dated so
it was weird to see it show back up in
this movie yeah that's actually i would
say that the action is the weakest
aspect of this movie it's very good from
like like Chris Pine and gal gadot we
verdict you'll turn for she was terrible
in Batman V Superman but what's worse is
they're making a Wonder Woman movie just
terrible I don't want to watch a feature
with her she's pretty good in this she's
okay
I think it's a case of like a good
director can get a good performance out
of Adam Sandler like like look at like
punch-drunk love and I think she's used
appropriately in this where her kind of
acting limitations work well because
she's like a fish out of water there's
that aspect to it and she's kind of like
seeing the world for the first time I
think it works really well yeah I mean I
thought they're going to do more fish
out of water humor I guess they're
saving that for Aquaman oh my god but
yeah she has kind of like uh what's
going on face and that's good Network
severe dude I in the future scenes or
her is a good member of the Justice
League I'm not sure I can buy her like
kind of dopey performance um and and her
motive wasn't very good and I didn't
really bother me I thought she did fine
she was better in the comedic parts of
the film there's part where they go and
go to the store and go shopping for
clothes oh yeah I think a fish out of
water and she's trying on like these
these Edwardian era
19:18 kind of stuffy British clothes how
could a woman possibly spiking at the
movie though has still had that kind of
like ugly Zack Snyder look it was like
they turned up the desaturation from
Zack Snyder's movies by like 15 percent
like it's a little bit better like I
remember her costume in Batman V
Superman was like brown the whole thing
was just browns
there was some color yes and I think
that that look is kind of more
appropriate for this movie given the era
it takes place in the kind of World War
one ERA like that worked for me I think
that a miserable nightmarish movie about
the horrors of World War one it's going
to be very very appealing to
ten-year-old the Misses of that dark
this is actually it's pretty fucking
dark well I mean it is but it the what
it's showing is World War one stuff but
what the message of the movie is or the
kind of hope that it's trying to portray
I thought was handled pretty well and I
will say this movie treats its superhero
like a superhero mmm unlike the next
night this is what Man of Steel should
have been you know a movie like this
that first scene when they're in like
the trenches of the battlefield and then
she you know throws off the clothes put
some of the thing and she's walking in
the tomb deflecting the bullets and it's
like this is a superhero that's that's
the highlight moment of the whole movie
for me that yeah it was genuinely good
yeah except for I wanted cheesy music
there was like yeah like did it kind of
make it more like epic epic or earlier I
wanted one oh my I just wanted like do
I was taking out that during the
fish-out-of-water comedy bits earlier is
like this going to use some more whimsy
in the school yeah yes yeah but the idea
of Wonder Woman running through like
World War one battle trenches and like
fighting Germans and stuff was just
crazy and I I thought like that I
thought the movie could have taken
itself a little less seriously see I
think the balance work for me the tone
worked for me like if our as a
contemporary comic book movie they're
like unless you're like Sam Raimi you're
not going to go Ultra corny like he did
with the spider-man movies so I don't
know it worked for me I think this is a
better comic book movie superhero movie
than half of the Marvel movies those are
always consistently ok but as far as
portraying a superhero with conviction
that actually wants to help people
instead it's so much better than so many
other recent movies yeah if you look at
it from that perspective I agree um it
was a legit movie about a superhero
which we always like we always complain
that these other movies aren't always
just like we got to stop the blue laser
and we got to fight amongst each other
and helping people never seems to be
like a priority yeah they're like Batman
V Superman when Superman's actually
helping people and he looks like he
wants to slit his wrists yeah and
there's a part of not well there was an
Avengers movie where a whole city was
flying up in the sky that's the age of
Ultron is at the Ultron one and there's
like a little moment in there where
Captain America's like help these people
out of this car before it falls off a
cliff yeah okay and it always felt kind
of shoehorned in like I was getting you
away left to battle yeah this I mean the
whole movie is about her helping people
and also about her because she comes
from the Amazonian woman Wonder Woman
world whatever that's called and her
kind of view of the world is very black
and ye like she's good and she fights
the bad people and about her kind of
learning that there's more there's more
going on there's more gray areas I liked
all that stuff becomes convoluted
as those the plots so let's get into
spoilers blonde and learn roller
yes and you say superhero movie
everything felt like a superhero movie
up until the end but when the message of
the movie is and not it's not you save
the fucking day it's and fight for what
you believe in and and believe in love
yeah you watch you fight for and believe
in and what you love will all go to shit
in the end and me nothing what is what
the message of the movie was you know
cuz Lola fight fight for goodbye
violently stabbing a sword through the
guy that you don't agree with yes sort
of we yeah yeah she thought of Shiva he
was and he was generally bad they had to
seem right before it right about 15
seconds before she killed him where he
launches a mustard gas bomb into a town
of filled with civilians yeah oh no her
motivation is fine but just like seen it
portrayed so sort of bluntly yeah and so
violently a little weird that Val yeah
that was a little strange but she wants
to save people she's a little naive i'ma
leave him a magical island I'm gonna
kill Ares and then that will just cure
the whole world of war and then she
thinks what's his face was like Danny
Huston is is it that's the actor I don't
know oh that's the actor okay um he is
she thinks he's the embodiment of Ares
the God of War and how early into the
movie did you know exactly what was
going to happen well I didn't expect it
to be the crusty old British man you
didn't know the moment I saw him is like
they wrote him in so that could be the
reveal that he's the bad guy it's not
coming a mile away well I expected him
to like they were doing this thing where
she's walking around a room that he's in
and I expected the camera to kind of go
past him and on him to like change form
into something else but he's literally
the crusty British guy with the
moustache even in the flashback yeah
yeah it's very strange well tell us when
they put the CGI hell armor on him you
look a little more intimidating the
the weird Amazonian God somehow looks
like like the Duke of adding tonight I
having to blend in perfectly with
British Parliament Wow wool so I
expected him to change forms you know
just something like different Arial and
but he was just that guy is that guy um
and then his master plan is the God of
War was to like be a ghost and kind of
whisper like a dude is bad shit yeah the
people's ears and then once once he's
dead or gone
people still do bad shit and and Chris
Pine tells or like people are still kind
of and so how is Wonder Woman with a
literal sword going to stop the evil and
hearts of men he's going to try I think
that's the message of the movies and you
know you can't save everybody but you do
your best okay the flowery message of
love and hope yeah which you know what
at least let's have that this isn't a
depressing Zechs night or nightmare I'm
this was a superhero movie in a very
classic sense and I was fine with that
but what happened at the end with the
electricity oh yeah that's the the movie
falls a bit off at the end into CGI
nightmare which a lot of these movies do
it's rained in a little bit because it's
just kind of it's not like a whole city
is being destroyed it's just sort of
this airfield so I was okay with that
and also it has the Chris Pine stuff
that connects her to humanity this is a
little bit of that going on so it's not
as bad as a lot of the endings to these
movies are as far as just like CGI shit
flying everywhere yeah a little bit of
that well you can't end the movie
without that now I think this movie did
what it could to rein it in
welcome to jolly ol London here yeah
it's not for everybody
when she first gets to London and it's
old gray and rainy and dirty I just wish
the movie wasn't so drab usually I still
wish I just turn that giant contrast
knob to colourful I don't think they
ever will with these B it's too it's too
entrenched in Zack Snyder verse yeah so
really I mean this movie feels more like
a Marvel movie right down to the villain
being somewhat uninteresting yeah so at
least they added some levity and they
got it away from dreary miserable tone
now it's at the images that are kind of
dark I guess what I'm saying Jay is I
miss the colorful campy elements in my
DC movie which I know are oil and water
patty Jenkins stirred it up a little but
it's still kind of round
not quite mixing together properly their
own kept saying gal Goodell is the new
Christopher Reeve I think she's a very
good Wonder Woman no she's just fighting
faceless German soldiers there were
Nazis no no not yet
there'll be in the sequel when they do
World War 2 and World War 1 was just a
big muddled mess everyone was fighting
each other that's what they say that in
the movie I was waiting actually early
on when they have when Chris Pine lands
in Amazon world and they've got him tied
up with the truth rope or whatever and
he mentions the war and they're like
what war what are you talking about I
don't know why but I was waiting for him
to say World War 1 Oh even though he
wouldn't say that but yeah I actually
was waiting for that too because as we
all know they didn't call World War 1
worker 1 as in they're expecting more
right they weren't planning for sequels
the way that DC does yeah yes they don't
have world 402 the end of the world more
cinematic universe planned out right but
more clearly defined bad guys in World
War 2 I think they were probably trying
to avoid the Captain America
Harrison's true as this movie felt a lot
like Captain America already yeah yeah
they were playing in South they were
probably like fuck
can't we just ever kill a bunch of Nazis
damn it
wasn't she skilled most German guys and
you're just like that's just some guy
yeah the boys in the trenches called her
doctor poison it was interesting that
they had a like a female villain the
film was actually pretty progressive
when everybody was used well yeah it
wasn't like like that's kind of the
moment I like that scene when they're
all around the campfire and everybody's
kind of I think they're sleeping at that
point and Wonder Woman's talking to the
the Native American guy and he's like
well our land was taken by him and it
points to Chris Pine is a guy I started
to get that there's gray areas what's
not so black and white
everybody's shitty everybody is shitty
that's the message of Wonder Woman yes
everybody's shittiest and that's the
message of the social media surrounding
Wonder Woman yes everybody's City
everyone's flux and everyone complains
and everyone hates everybody else it's
kind of ironic actually that she's
supposed to be this figure of hope and
then everything surrounding this movie
is just like like endless headaches it's
just everybody yelling at each other
yeah it's a operates on many levels the
the world war one is was just a system
metaphor for the Internet that's the
great thing about what a superhero movie
can be thrilling fun exciting and bring
out the best in you
ironically I would say little girls
should stay away from this film see if
you can see violent dolor stuff that's
the only downside to this is I just have
this like I have a Batman V Superman on
ding in Mahad it's that ending on the
the airport tarmac area with the weather
and it reminds me of when they fought
doomsday yet at the end of n man vs.
Superman when they were on some kind of
like nondescript place with like rubble
everywhere and there's a splitting I'm
not yeah that's the way this movie ends
and I wish it didn't I wished it end
like some other way everything leading
up to that is pretty good some other way
that tied her origin and her like
motivation back and kind of did because
she literally defeats the bad guy with
love and hopefulness yeah she's like I
have love and hopefulness and and then
is he like add throwing shit at you and
it's like bouncing off her and she's
like I'm defeating with love positivity
and and so I guess it kind of did but I
still have that like it's more the
visuals they just get so ugly in an
overbearing I mean if your real goal is
to inspire little girls and young women
to have a message of hope like the
Wonder Woman should have just been like
like girl in college who is a Wonder
Woman and who fights off like bullies
what you're talking about is the
Supergirl movie yes or it's the first
ever girl TV show I think this is a
little too DC model muk darkness
lightning debris fire and brimstone it's
so is it are you mainly just talking
about the ending because that's the only
part that really feels like a last night
or the last hour okay asked like I said
everything after the trenches and after
the trenches of that it should have been
like Wonder Woman goes around London and
is on the front pages of all the
newspapers she saved the day but in the
trenches of the world war one that you
know and then the bad guy shows up and
and Wonder Woman is like like
giving speeches and going positivity
positivity and you know and then it
becomes like Christopher Reeve a super
Superman but it said this deeper into
the into the into the muck yeah I get
that mustard gas monster Basu I mean
yeah that battle when she runs across
the field and saves the day I would have
been happy if that was like kind of the
big ending and then um then like you
have some kind of showdown with with
Ares of some kind well you're talking
about is what we always complain about
though which is you have the the first
half of the movie is the origin story I
know the second half is like and then
these other things happen and then they
fight a villain no but but wonder woman
like should have like again if the
message of Wonder Woman is her character
her superhero arc is I'm naive and I'm
going out in the world and I just bring
this message of positivity and hope and
mankind is bad and we I guess stop wars
that's a real goal now Ares is causing
Wars I'm going to stop that because
innocent people are dying there's a real
goal
she should have then kind of like done
something else really it's Chris Pine
who saves the day because he blows up
the plane filled with mustard gas she
kind of stops Ares
who really wasn't the cause of war is it
at all anyways he was just whispering
thing because mankind is still mankind
Hill City yeah so really shouldn't do
much and she wasn't that well-known she
wasn't like look about at the plane it's
Wonder Woman it wasn't that yes then
blowing things up on the time that's
what it ended up being
hey I'm saying run course Broncos baby
that's mainly just the ending you have
issues I think I kind of hide the soil a
little bit for him yea I had problems
with the Enya didn't spoil the whole
movie for me because it still has that
kind of emotional connection with Wonder
Woman in the Chris Pine character that
sort of carries it through all the sea
gie lightning yeah and Robert I guess it
left me with a mildly bad taste but
overall it was it was the best DC movie
so now do we call DC fans Marvel fan
boys since DC essentially sold out to
change their format to be more like
Marvel's I think we should just be happy
that the movie wasn't fucking terrible
yeah yeah that's that's fair
no it's very it wasn't like a nightmare
world like we had Justice League to look
forward to for that yeah yeah oh
I think mr. plink is dead he died
facedown in a pie
just like Dom DeLuise Manley he died
doing what he loves
beating here's my cakes not bad either I
know it's good nope not dead yet oh hey
hey you yeah no not a fat ugly
jewy-lookin one you who me yeah yeah I
used to be kind of like fat and frumpy
right like some kind of Hobbit I guess
you know you've really cleaned yourself
up I lost the weight
you got that perfectly trimmed beard and
cloth hair yep got quite the handsome
man my wife she died over 60 years ago I
I never really thought I'd move on but
you know I'm I'm thinking I might give
the whole gay thing a try yeah yeah I
think I want to become a gay why are you
telling me this you know I had sex with
a man once it was in prison it wasn't
consensual but I think I liked it
why are my point is I'd like to go on a
date with you tonight um sure I'll let
you get cleaned up first though yeah
I'll go change
