Jul 9, 2017
Baby Driver and Spider-Man: Homecoming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDbU4hSo9-M
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/884282268705009665
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154798164382634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-baby-driver-and-spider-man-homecoming

Half in the bag.
Fuck movies.
you know Harry can I call you Harry you
can because I am especially my ass
I've never complimented you on your
beautiful eyes can you even see my eyes
I'm constantly wearing these sunglasses
oh I guess I haven't seen your eyes but
I'm sure they're beautiful I can just
picture the color equal matter brown
rose red glaucoma veins and those dreamy
cloudy cataracts uh-huh I could stare
into that nightmare of looming death all
day uh-huh you know I think it's time I
told you that I'm into some really weird
shit sexually really really shit one
time I took a fire hose well gentlemen
did we save room for dessert tonight
Mike what are you doing here where's our
waiter Oh your waiter here delete he had
a family emergency I'm filling in for
the rest of his shift yeah I work here
and this is my shirt and honey you know
some dessert sounds nice right now
what are your specials today good sir
well sir today we have white cake and we
have white cake and lastly we have a
delicious white cake hmm
you know honey I'm going to let you
decide that meal we just had didn't sit
right with me so now I'm gonna sit right
on the toilet meaning I think shits
gonna come spraying out of my asshole
all over the walls the floor a little
bit of the toilet but not that much you
see I'm getting old and my anus isn't
quite what it used to be yeah it's all
kind of like loose and spongy you know
yeah my ass looks like a wet sack of
groceries but oh you'll find out soon on
our wedding night
so if you'll excuse me I'm gonna go
finish taking a shed sir had them
deliver five fresh wet towels to the
men's bathroom absolutely sir
oh my god
J do you mind if I sit down take a load
off I'm sure sit down and hey we can
talk about movies oh that sounds great
yeah have you seen that new film baby
driver featuring the voices of Alec
Baldwin Steve Buscemi and Lisa Kudrow
you know I did it was a little more
violent than I was expecting it to be
you don't mind do you
can you can you talk me out
let's beer Oh what is it you do I'm a
driver I like to chauffeur
anyone I'd know Oh baby driver stars
Ansel Elgort
and no his name is not an anagram nor is
it a Star Wars character that's his name
baby driver is a coming-of-age heist
movie with lots of music action and
angry Jon Hamm let's talk about ba ba ba
ba as it's known in from J um well I'm
sitting and taking a little break and
while playing it is in the bathroom and
having a giant dump let's talk about
baby driver everyone want even though
well we thought a baby driver for some
reason I thought this movie was very
very good I didn't think it was great
people were even about it I thought it
was really entertaining I thought the
first acts or so was like just a
fantastic piece of visual storytelling
and visual filmmaking and it was really
exciting I thought the last act was
pretty solid and entertaining I thought
it sagged a bit in the middle and it is
sort of a standard kind of heist type
story that is elevated by its gimmick J
I'm forced to disagree with you I
thought this was one of the best films I
have ever seen oh I also thought it was
one of the best films of everything no
I'm I'm on the same page really really
really liked it I feel like it's hard
for me to look at it as just a solo
movie like I'm looking at it in the you
know kind of filmography of Edgar Wright
and there it's one of the weaker ones
like it's a solid movie and I think it's
really entertaining and people are going
to like it but it's lacking that sort of
like hearts that his other movies have
had and I wonder if that's the Simon
Pegg elements in the writing of those
earlier movies possibly nothing reaches
like Shaun of the Dead
goofy zombie comedy movie but there's
that amazing theme when his mom is
turned into a zombie and he's like
emotionally wrecked that's what this is
about it's just just because I made you
know what I am me and I wants to shoot
my mom she's not
that was good enough there's there's
nothing that reaches that in this movie
and I guess the different movie it
doesn't have to reach that but it really
kind of keeps the movie from being more
those other movies are like they're
their genre kind of homage --is that are
elevated with like a real human story
going on and this one doesn't get above
the genre but it's representing it does
have to reach that that level though
because it establishes it and it sets
you up for it and it tries to do that
with the end you know and all that but
it yeah you're right it does not it does
not become its own thing right at a
certain point it's really hard to
describe because when I said derivative
of course the first thing that comes to
mind is Drive there's um there's that
feel of guardians of the galaxy I know
that's not a wholly original thing but
the whole idea of playing the music the
music incorporated with the story and
then his um yes oh yeah the Mon
connection that's a big one but yeah the
apparently Edgar rights had this idea
for like over a decade I'm not accusing
him of stealing here and also I get
wholly original to where it's like
always ripping off this right it's a
sort of unfortunate timing that it comes
up the same summer as guardians of the
galaxy to which despite the fact that
this whole movie is driven by music and
it does it well as far as the action
scenes go but despite the fact that is
driven by music there's no moment where
the music kind of trans transforms the
scene the way Fleetwood Mac use in
guardians of the galaxy who does and
that was that was kind of a larger
disappointment for me because everyone
kept saying like the music the music and
that starts off like I got a little
la-la land vibe in the beginning because
that's our stuff with that first heist
yeah that sets up the tone and the movie
and and he's like coming he started
singing in the car and then he's playing
with the wiper blades and everything's
kind of going to the beat and then
there's a scene that follows the heist
when he's like you know he's on cloud
nine and he's you know it's almost done
with his business and he's kind of
dancing and then you know there's a
billboard of a guy playing a trumpet and
he kind of does the same thing and all
one
not one shots in impressive yeah and
there's all that where it's kind of like
very playful light-hearted energetic
almost musical style to it okay this
this is going to get really good and
it's going to ramp up and then all these
songs are going to come up and they're
going to they're going to match and the
editing was great I mean I was very
impressed with that
but then it becomes a Quinton Tarantino
film and then and boy oh boy was I
engaged any Fox is wonderful in this
film Jamie Foxx is good John Hamm is
great I was a nice without getting into
spoilers there's a nice I don't the
twist but the development of the Jon
Hamm character is good yeah it was the
Jamie Foxx show yeah and and
unfortunately Ansel Elgort yeah was and
I wasn't and I don't know how to put
this politely he did he did not carry
the film Wow
like ever all the criminals in the movie
are so like disgusting and old and dirty
yeah and talkative and and he's so just
like like fresh-faced and clean and
stuff that's yeah I mean the movies
called baby driver I mean that's the
character and I thought he was great in
the movie actually I like the the sort
of contrast between the scenes with him
with the criminals and him outside of
that world and how it's like almost like
a switch when he when he's with them
he's like stone-faced days away from
home pretty much other than what he has
to communicate when they're planning
their jobs but he also projects like
such coolness and such confidence to
where it's almost a contradiction I
think that's just in putting up a front
for the for the criminals though
so you just starting your day or did you
just get off hey call I go you know the
weakest part of the movie though was the
romance between him and I think her name
is Lily James that was shockingly
underwritten I was really surprised by
that
compare that to any of the relationship
stuff and not the other you know Edgar
Wright movies well it has it has sort of
like a storybook II kind of old
Hollywood quality to it and where I
don't know if it's intentionally
underwritten like she's the waitress
yeah I'm a girl I'm a waitress and I'm
just going to be here forever like the
design I don't really like retro very
sure which was fine when it started off
but it's it reaches a point where she
kind of has to make a decision whether
she wants to go with baby driver or not
and when she makes that decision I was
like the why like they barely know each
other you can look at it that way or you
can look at it as like old Hollywood
romance kind of thing then that's the
thing is like it felt like a movie that
took place in 1950 because you have like
two young kids in 2017
you know kids would just be staring at
their cell phones she would have
helicopter parents that are always
calling her on her phone and then she
would be like I got to go protest Trump
go I got to go throw this Molotov
cocktail at police officers to go you
know protest Planned Parenthood being
defunded by Trump you know and then it's
like but it's it's it's boiled down to
simplicity where she's just a waitress
and he says let's go drive off into the
sunset together now who gets gonna head
out into the open road and and it's so
nostalgic it's so like James Dean kind
of I guess oh it is to get you engaged
in that story you need a little more
than that yeah but I've set in a
modern-day setting which kind of like
man yeah we get a little book but if you
kind of switch your brain into like a
different mode of not fantasy but
romantic fantasy I guess and because
that's what this movie was it was very
style over substance it's like you said
that the heist plot was not very not
very engaging now at any time there's an
action scene going on any time baby's
behind the wheel it's incredibly fun
though yeah and I don't want to like
scream like we're shit on the movie too
much because all that stuff is really
great no it's it's it's it's a good
movie but if you're going to do style
over substance you really need kind of
like a really good lead a baby driver as
a character I thought was a little flat
I really like Jamie Foxx and Jon Hamm
and their storylines he's overshadowed
by everybody else and they're not it's
kind of hard not to be in a movie like
this where all these kind of colorful
side character and what is what is the
ultimate goal of the movie is it a love
story I think the goal is that girl
right had this idea to do chase scenes
that are choreographed and synchronized
and edited with music and then what's
out there worth that money chase scenes
well no that's like I said the first
half the first act of the movie I think
is pretty strong there's likely too
early good sequences and then even the
scenes between that I thought were
between the two kind of chase scenes
were well done and then the middle is
worth establishing the plot and that's
where the movie lags and it picks up
again at the end people oh great bank
robbery story so let's give them
something cold and brazenness to talk
about over there that I was I was I was
default back to that movie Run Lola Run
I don't know why like this because it
was like I've never seen a movie like
this before
and you know and that's a movie where
it's like cut to constant response
rhythm cut to the music and it
incorporates it really well this will be
like that first scene was great and then
they tease that Queen song and then I'm
like yes you know they're gonna do
somebody the big and then it's like they
can't hear it it does come back at the
end but it doesn't come back in a set
like I've mentioned let's say with Mack
music in guardians of the galaxy like
that's used perfectly and this it's just
like yeah it's there yeah and and I
appreciate the variety of music yes and
it kind of made guardians of the galaxy
look a little phony in in this movie
with this movie's music selections
because guardians of galaxies they're
doing like the hipster ironic like all
the pop 75 78 it makes sense in context
because that's what Peter Quill's
mothering listen to so it's the type of
mixtape she would have made it okay but
this one it's like you know I found I
thought I saw a young MC and all over
the place the back song Deborah from the
wonderful album midnight vultures I was
excited to see and this goes for both
movies we saw two movies and one of them
had an action scene set to the Damned
and the other had an action scene set to
the Ramones like man teenage me would
have loved this both of these movies
yeah but but for some reason when I feel
when I when I think back in my brain I
can't really remember any of the songs I
might have to do a second pass through
yeah well that's I mean under right
movies definitely benefit from repeat
viewings and there's I'm sure lots of I
noticed early on he's watching TV and
he's flipping through channels and he
passes like Monsters Inc and that comes
into play later on and so I'm sure
there's other things on the TV that that
happen that connect to things that
happen later in the movie oh it's a
super clever script and then really fun
dialogues the felt very Quentin
Tarantino II which I was surprised it
wasn't as humorous as those other movies
which it doesn't have to be of course
he's making a different movie but I was
kind of surprised by that it really it
feels more like yeah like a Tarantino
movie where it's like there there's
humorous elements but it's not not
comedy despite the fact that the entire
premise is sort of whimsical is it
contrast well the idea that everything
you know matches to the b12 music that
that is whimsical that the plot though
isn't like the fact that he has to drive
for criminals and stuff there I mean I
think we're supposed to be kind of
seeing it through his his eyes like I
yeah I get that I think maybe something
less some something less crime related
might have worked better I don't know
there's a balance like I like that stuff
and I like the incorporation of music
but then you have that like oh crime
subplot and you know there's that whole
sequence when they go to buy guns from
with a cameo so I was surprised to see
Paul Williams nobody is seen in like two
decades but he wrote the music for the
Muppet movie he wrote The Rainbow
Connection and he's in Phantom of the
paradise he's a little guy in a white
suit in this movie okay it's Paul
Williams why he's here in the movie
faizon you the guy why not friends with
a do right and it's probably just like
Edgar Wright likes him okay come be in
my movie but but yeah there's that whole
sequence and which I thought was a great
great scene at some random version of
tequila that I'd never heard before
oh yeah but then it's like ultraviolent
so I don't know doesn't quite quite sit
right with me
a movie like I saying I wonder if that's
the the Simon Pegg the missing Simon
Pegg connection if he's that part that
yeah he's to kind of work so well
together he's like the hearts yeah and
it's missing it's missing that heart
what you listening a little bit akela
Ansel Elgort I'm going to type that into
an anagram generate watch name Ansel
Elgort see I liked I liked him I liked
the lily James I thought she was
incredibly charming don't know if I've
ever seen her in anything before I liked
the two of them it was mainly just the
way their scenes were written they were
missing that sort of like wits or
letting that heart to him yeah and I was
incredibly distracted because she looks
exactly like Matt chin the meek the
actress that plays Shelley the waitress
on Twin Peaks and she's a waitress and
she's wearing the waitress outfit looks
exactly like her it was really
distracting another nod was they the
drivers costume which looked very
reminiscent of Han Solo yes let's talk
about that yeah he had a white jack a
jacket with white sleeves on a black you
know vesti part and it really looked
really look like Han Solo Han Solo vest
and done a little sleuthing well before
it before that I was thinking during the
movie is like this guy would probably
make a good young Han Solo but I knew
you researched it and apparently he
auditioned for it yeah I was like that
probably a quick baby sight you know you
have to click next page and how God one
of those yeah so it's like 10 actors
that auditioned for Han Solo so I cannot
vouch for its validity okay but it said
Ansel Elgort auditioned for Han Solo and
I'm like maybe he really wanted han Solo
and and he's pissed and as you're right
knew that and look let me put you in a
fuckin halt solo suit and then I did
this holy shit I looked up hi Harrison
Ford's high school photo and Ansel
Elgort
and boy oh boy does he really look like
Harrison Ford not that he has to look
like Harrison Ford you know exactly but
I think I think Ansel Elgort I think I
think he's got some he's got something
something that could work
I think performance wise he could do a
young Han Solo yeah it comes so really
the person they got sucks shit because I
had to hire an acting coach after they
shot 95% of the movie
can't you wait for that young Han Solo
Frankenstein film I can't wait back to
baby driver when enough of our Star Wars
diversion the new Han Solo film is a
disaster and it's going to be a box
office disaster someone used this
footage later when it makes a billion
dollars the slide whistle maximize
fucking
this it is bananas duck the key now at
the right movies always have that kind
of like pacing to to them yeah but you
have a specific style yeah he's kind of
toned down that that's sort of a early
2000s thing to pop well you don't want
to do it where it's not just a dialogue
yeah the way of doing it where it's not
just like style though where he's still
telling the story through the montage
stuff I did good I can't fault into the
filmmaker maybe a little bit hotter at
all as a screenwriter on this one I
think he wrote this by himself I don't
know so I don't know yeah but yeah I
mean I think a lot of people will like
this and it's a it's an entertaining
movie I don't I feel kind of bad I don't
want to shit on it too much but it's
really ancient on it we we are not
shitting on this movie by any means J
we're providing constructive criticism
but we have some criticisms which means
we hate it and it's the worst movie ever
word that's well that's what the
internet will tell us because we both
really like the film but you know we we
analyze and we analyze structure content
pacing tone dialogue all the working
moving parts of a film and we decide why
they work and why they don't and that's
what we do J is VCR repair for
Oh Mike would you recommend big driver
of course I'd recommend baby driver as
we said it is not a remake a sequel or a
reboot it's a wholly original idea that
feels like it was this a Sony a Sony
released Sony released this yeah even
though it was a Sony release and that's
another tie-in with her other film is a
number of parallels and they're both
shot in Georgia Atlanta Atlanta
I knew the new film capital of the world
apparently apparently um but yeah even
though I was a Sony film it felt like
which I'm sure Sony just distributed it
they probably nothing to do with the
actual production but it felt like Edgar
Wright wanted to make this movie and
made it and that's why it's like a
little price of sloppy kind of feels
weird here but he likes the stab and it
doesn't feel like committee made it and
so on that alone it gives it a
recommendation cuz that's refreshing
still as far as big movies and that you
see in the movie theater check their of
course exceptions but anyway Jay would
you recommend big driver I would I wish
the love story was flushed out a little
more that felt really rushed but it's a
lot of fun seat in the loud theater so
all those car revving all the engine
stuff the music blaring it's a lot of
money it sounds like you're recommending
fast and furious you don't I like the
part when Vin Diesel jump the ramp is he
still in those movies
so Jay when's the wedding oh we don't
have a date set yet we're still trying
to figure out a location oh well if it's
a location that you're looking for might
I suggest one of the hotels downtown
there are several options available oh
no oh no no no no no no no we're
thinking someplace really nice like Fiji
or Greece or maybe even under the Eiffel
Tower mr. plinkus says he loves me so
much that he's willing to spend all of
his life savings on this wedding and
even max out all of his credit cards
will be paying off this wedding until
we're both dead that's really funny
excuse me but I just overhear you two
talking about the third spider-man
reboot what no what the fuck are you
yeah fuck off fuck off stop guys wait a
minute you guys aren't the real Avengers
I can tell hope gives it away
well I think it's only fair that we ask
rich first what he thought of the movies
so rich what did you think of the
amazing spider-man better luck next time
oh no yes the third time's the charm
that's what Sony would be saying if they
wanted to remind the world about the
Andrew Garfield spider-man movies but
those don't exist anymore
neither does Tobey Maguire and I'm not
talking about his spider-man movies I'm
talking about Tobey Maguire the very
first spider-man movie ever is out now
it stars Tom hollandaise as Peter Parker
who attends a high school with so much
diversity College advertising pamphlets
are jealous spider-man must take down
Michael Keaton who is playing a
character called the vulture from
stealing alien technology and making
weapons to sell to bad guys that's the
movie
well restaurant patron what did you
think of the amazing spider-man
homecoming I ran away enough it's
amazing would you go somewheres mistakes
amazing I would go for Safari say it's
amazing well I don't know you but I'm
gonna guess just based on how you look
you are big fan of the spider-man
character I haven't bought a comic book
in over 10 years but that I was I was so
fucking ambivalence about this film
ambivalence
ambivalent okay mr. Webster and I kept
her on word fuck you both I was so
ambivalent about this smell before I
came out so then with the ninth reboot
the last one was only three years ago
and I was a different spider-man I just
did not give a fuck sir and it came out
I watched it and it's great I feel like
this is the first time I've actually
watched spider-man on the big screen
so that's what I was going to ask I'm
assuming that a lot of people that are
into the comics or that like the
spider-man character will probably say
this is the best representation of him
if I by a mile
it's not my personal favorite I still
have a soft spot for design any movies
miles this is this is the best on-screen
version of spider-man a kid who was
bitten off more than he can chew and
he's barely staying afloat is his social
life is being sacrificed constantly
because he's got to put on the stupid
costume and and fight crooks the crooks
he's fighting they're not trying to take
over the world and destroy a Manhattan
they're just they're sewing gun that was
the best aspect of this movie is that
the plot of it is spider-man has to stop
a guy from stealing things and that's it
I said before I think I said in the last
I'm the amazing spider-man 1 or 2 review
that you know spider-man's villains
they're not set up to be epic they're
just guys who rob banks and this is kind
of what we have here he's not robbing a
bank but he's he's robbing expensive
things it's just a thief I think I think
I was just kind of like just taken aback
by how non like how all the things that
I would have expected from spider-man
movie and the general public like would
have expected is what Sam Raimi gave you
but like that's why you didn't really
like those movies because it's not
that's none of the comments not what the
comic is so to me I was like we did not
we never saw spider-man swinging around
downtown Manhattan he there's a joke
where he's out in the suburbs and he has
to get somewhere with oh yeah and so
there's all those like those typical
spider-man things that that are just not
in this movie it's like I made a
checklist of like things we've already
seen too much of and they didn't put
like there's no back no origin story we
don't have because he were and I were
talking about that before the movie even
though I just met you in this restaurant
where you were convinced they'd have at
least some sort of quick little plastic
I was expecting a 10 to 15 second
sepia-toned and death they don't even do
that they hint at it slightly it's now
not talking about it being faithful of
the comics that does kind of majorly
affect something in this movie
spider-man's like two motivations to
fight crime guilt and responsibility
yeah
that's gone everything else they nailed
except for that it doesn't ruin this
movie you know what they they're doing
some like Tony Stark father figure thing
his motivation in this film was to get
approval from Tony Stark but I'm sure
not every spider
stories people not guilt was what I
liked about this is that it really is
just sort of like we talked about it
with Deadpool or it didn't feel like
this epic it was just like here's a
little story with Deadpool doing a thing
I think the script is is very very
different and clever like you said they
kept surprising me which yeah I you know
you go into these movies especially now
I'm just expecting like the same with
these Marvel movies like some of them I
don't even count the guardians of the
galaxy that's its own thing yeah whoever
Jon Watts
was the writer he he he or whoever
there's like six writers okay well
whoever went through of the list of all
the things we've seen before
because I'm sure they were worried about
fatigue with spider-man or definitely
don't do the origin story yeah you have
a rather rather non villainy kind of
villain which was nice I the first scene
of the movie is like we always joke
about like the mass destruction in all
these movies and then we're seeing like
the local construction company cleaning
up after the events of the first
Avengers movie and I thought that was
great and and they get pushed out after
they get screwed over by the government
yeah yeah completely justifiable
justifiable motivations for our villain
there is a moment where the movie kind
of turned for me but then they brought
it back we just get into spoilers I
guess oh sure all right boylar
so spider-man has a suit that was
introduced in civil war yeah and then
and that was a funny bit to which I just
forgot about until now
spider-man's home video is a little more
effective of the civil war fight yeah
yeah yeah that was those clever and
different - haven't seen that and then
they discover him and his sidekick
friend discover that there's a training
wheels program they unlock it and then
it almost becomes like an Iron Man suit
that was where I was starting to lose me
yes and I'm like oh no you know
spider-man's fun because he's spider-man
not because he has like a robot talking
in his head like I don't want that
Jarvis and our main movie his own it
works though because the whole point is
he's not ready to be on that he's not
ready to have the Iron Man suit yet it
works as a plot device yeah at first
off-putting because they didn't know it
was going to be a plot device I thought
like when you get to expire a man into
the 21st century I thought oh god this
is a Sony movie and then you know then
they make light of it they make jokes
out of it he doesn't know how to use it
and then eventually it's taken away yeah
and then done that's like oh great
that's perfect spider-man has to beat
the bad guy at being just spider-man
marina's old crappy suit even as pre
Civil War so guys the Teen Wolf premise
a classic funeral for the last 16 Wolf's
Ark is I'm gonna we should point out for
people you're talking about Teen Wolf -
Michael J Fox film not the MTV series
right yes because that's no one knows -
Michael J Fox movie and Michael J Fox
nothing about Teen Wolf - when always
they get about anal - wait the Michael J
Fox is boxing Teen Wolf - his basketball
right like that reverses oh shit either
way the premises Teen Wolf is good at a
sport until the end when he decides he's
going to he's going to play that sport
and win all on his own without being the
team without being the Teen Wolf and
that's basically what happens in
spider-man and then he learns to
mature but Tom hollandaise he's really
good in it I mean I think we should
really really hammer home the humor and
this is Nestle this is a comedy comedy
it's a I laughed out loud a number of
times I know you did a little Ferris
Bueller's Day Off for our friends over
there and running through the yard
latent while they show it on TV yeah
there's the thing is like like the
second I thought this is exactly like
Ferris Bueller's they often thought they
cut too someone's watching Ferris
Bueller's Day Off on the TV you know
what they're doing well if you're if
you're doing a movie about a teenager
who's coming of age you could do worse
than referencing a John Hughes movie
that's true yeah well he's not filthy
rich but John Hughes movies always about
teenagers who are filthy fucking rich
growing up and they don't know it
because John Hughes has no idea cuz John
Hughes had a very sheltered life there
I'm just an everyday teen growing up in
this mansion don't mess with I'll kill
you and everybody you love
the only person that vulture kills is on
accident I thought that person he killed
was Tom Hardy through the entire first
half of the movie I thought could well
cuz I heard Tom Hardy is cast as venom
apparently when they make a solo venom
movie oh yeah
so I thought that was going to be like a
little Easter Egg yeah just like Tom
Hardy he was he was the Shocker he was
is that is that an actual comic book
character okay
were you shocked by that the Shocker
what an unfortunate name for a super
villain do you know why explain it I'm
not going to play this plastic bag on
camera can we also talk about the the
anti gay panic scene spider-man climbs
into his bedroom and jumps down and he
takes his clothes into his boxer shorts
and he forgot forgot that his friend was
coming over to help him put together a
Lego set and and then a Star Wars really
p.m. like I said and then Aunt May comes
in the room and and and he's standing
there in his boxer shorts like right
next to his friend and you expect Aunt
May to go and the audience to laugh
along isn't it funny they're there
they're doing a gay thing but then Aunt
May it just says dinner's ready soon
guys finished jerking each other off
later yeah that was an actual line in
the movie I'm a prize and I was like
there and say how they didn't go for the
easy chip they didn't go for the easy
gay panic joke which I thought was a
little odd because I think I felt I felt
the audience when you're ready to ready
to laugh one felt it like it was like a
sizeable in the air I felt it I wasn't
ready to laugh but I was ready for the
joke yeah no I wasn't it was it would
have been like a like Michael Bay kind
of like yeah really
um but yeah it was it was like oh they
didn't do that they clearly set it up
did they do like a couple different
takes like where she was
what they ended up using the Amy Pascal
security tank actually this probably 30
takes they're going to know Amy Pascal
would what it would have wanted the gay
panic joke Amy Pascal wrote racist
things about Obama in those leaked
emails no did she really really oh
that's interesting
I thought she was the progressive one no
its virtue signaling actually it would
be vulture signaling there's a ton of
other social systems in here for all
disabled by the training wheels protocol
because mister stop treating me like a
kid could you argued that the neden
character does not exist in the comics
no no at least not since the last time
I've read it's been 10 years
yeah it's fun fun because Peter Parker
someone to talk to though about the
spider-man stuff I did like his little
like early on he talks about can I be
your your your computer guy like the guy
that monitors everything and then he
kind of ends up doing that and the high
school library not only monitoring the
whereabouts of the vulture but also
trying to teach Peter how to drive a car
because he's stolen a car he's never
driven before he can't even turn that
like oddly that's fun did you notice the
parallels going on between spider-man
and the vulture with that because
spider-man had his friend via the the
computer guy with the radio the vulture
had that that fat kind of tech guy him
instructions yeah both both characters
are kind of like on the lower fringe of
superhero no spider-man wants to break
into the big times and the vultures
resentful of the bigwigs have kept him
down yeah they're the same they're the
same anti father figure and they avoided
the cliched line we're not so different
you and me
you and I are not so different yeah this
is this was this was a strange strange
movie where for all the things that it
didn't do for all the things that it
didn't do yeah our superhero was
bumbling and awkward and bad so it's not
like you know like the Tobey Maguire
movies were good but they had a couple
little themes of him like learning how
to use his power and then
that alternator has a suit that looks
like a professional movie suit when
before he didn't you know and then it's
sort of like now he's played a man you
could do anything in good spite of a
never really gets to that point yes so
it's like because it's going to be an
ongoing process and it wasn't just as
good now and that's good that's good and
that's refreshing from an Avengers
e-type movie or whatever because they're
also like polished and professional and
superhero Lee the stakes stay low they
don't waste a lot of time teasing
sequels
no one's always going to show us that's
the thing I wanted to mention is the the
the shared universe stuff which is
always the weakest part in any of these
movies because it's like they feel so
shoehorned in like because we have to
set up this this movie in that movie and
this one like it feels like a shared
universe in the sense like oh there's
Captain America on this like
instructional tape but it's not like
this track theme it feels like a part of
this world it's not it doesn't feel like
the movie setting other things up I
guess there's kind of that bit where
they're talking about moving out of the
old Avengers tower but that just feels
like a story element what's in there to
set of the heist at the end yeah well
that's what I mean it's in there for
Kotori
I was also I'm so used to like bad
screenwriting when when the Michael
Keaton like halfway through the movie
there was a scene with Michael Keaton
his henchmen and I was thinking like you
know they're trying to kind of give him
so he humanity and they mentioned early
on his family is like I'm surprised they
haven't had a scene I'm not surprised
but they should have a scene like with
his family to kind of you know give him
that element and then there's a reason
that they didn't and that pays awfully
well y'all see that to his coming is the
first time in ages I have been surprised
by something at home right yeah that was
nice yeah up the stakes it got made the
storyline more complex exactly so yeah
this spider-man movie quite surprising
that it was actually good cuz I actually
did the character right for a change
yeah sure well I think I think with this
Sam Raimi ones is it less that they did
the character wrong and more II just
didn't like the choice of actor
wait okay now talk Wow they never been
ever the second one that whole first
half of that movie first half the only
time the Sam Raimi spider-man movies
felt like spider-man was the first half
of the first movie I have a soft spot to
the Sam Raimi one this is because I like
Sam Raimi and the end credits of this
movie are very like colorful and stylish
and there's a Ramone song plane and it's
like like claymation and all these like
animated sketches and stuff is like this
is really fun and stylish and the rest
of this movie doesn't really reflect
that it's very bland this movie no
movies very much cinematography yeah
just visually it's fine
but I missed that I missed the Sam Raimi
weirdness I miss like awkward cutaways
too overacting extra III don't need
specifically that but just visually this
movie like a lot of the Marvel movies
even the better ones are so just sort of
like blood yeah I agree with that the
world's changing voice time we change
too
I can't fool myself you a Spanish Queen
you gotta get better at this part of the
job yeah Michael Keaton's character is a
bad guy with some pretty well-developed
motivation kind of like when Jamie Foxx
played Elektra exactly like that very
easy thing that in a bad guy that wanted
to murder spider-man because spider-man
didn't remember his birthday is that
what happened in that movie well what
about the lizard man who wanted to turn
people into lizards I think I think
you're forgetting about the lizard
that's very in the amazing spider-man 1
right that's some Class A character
development he was a lizard slower than
he wanted to turn other people in
delivery although if I can make one
comment about something I did not like
in this new spider-man movie was
watching the black panther Taylor they
said the line which I now hate the woods
is Jesus is changed and then they said
in the spider-man movie well change the
woods is Jesus
well change can you stop using that
phrase and your movies is changed if I
sit in a civil war - I'm sure they do
that's why I bring it up because I'm
sick of it MMH space-car - that's gonna
be on the trailer I think you mean when
you make space Cobb - can we get Doctor
Octopus in the next part of my movie
saying the world has already changed
world is still changing now everyone
wears tights fights crime or commit
crime or fires blue lasers that's the
world we live in now it has changed this
is no longer changing process will
changing is over it is complete
status quo I don't have to do anything
because the world is already changed on
that note of humor Jay would you
recommend spider-man homecoming I would
it's it's a fun it's funny I think I'd
recommend it is a comedy more than
anything and it's a good it's a darn
good superhero movie it's a good
spider-man movie if you if you have not
been satisfied with previous spider-man
adaptations this one seems to do it
pretty well solid recommendation I
thought I thought it was going to come
out of the Sun yeah it's the best cast
vitamin we've ever had abs okay
yeah but instead I'm saying wow the best
calf vitamin we ever had it was great
yeah you know what if I can just be
honest
rich Evans not going yeah it's like like
a fucking glowing recommendation yeah
most of the time it's mad yeah most of
the time for most assignments math and
especially with something as specific as
spider-man yeah that's that's high
fucking yes it gets my stamp yeah and of
course I agree and will agree with you
guys I thought it was terrible
well if you'll excuse me I've got to get
back to my wife she doesn't appreciate
you know talking about movies made for
children all day long she likes to talk
about politics or world vents or bill
collectors I keep trying to tell her
that you know the third spider-man
reboots important let's just she just
doesn't get it and I guess that's why I
go to see a head doctor twice a week
Tuesdays and Thursdays like to help me
prioritize my life yeah oh shit I got to
go take my medication yeah my wife says
it helps me think like a grown-up fuck
you - fuck wads later is that what all
comic book fans are like well I guess I
should go check on mr. plinkus and see
what's taking him so long in the
bathroom yes Jay why don't you go do
that I mean I wouldn't want anything to
happen to him after all he is the one
bankrolling are very expensive wedding
oh no my plan is backfiring the world is
changing
I know what to do nothing
