Sep 10, 2017
IT (1990) and IT (2017)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0iID-OpwZ4E
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/907005864606883840
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155010906562634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-it-1990-and-it-2017

Half in the bag.
I can't stop pooping in my pants.
hello and welcome to half in
the bag I'm J and I'm Mike and it's been
a little while since our last episode
the last film we discussed on half in
the bag was Annabel creation that's
right Jane one of the bigger things
brought up in that episode was the
contest associated with the movie it was
called my Annabel creation that's right
Mike and since then there's been some
major updates that's right they've
announced the winner of the contest his
name is Stephen King and he's from Maine
and his idea was called it since then
Warner Brothers has made a feature film
from his submission and they've
compensated him $100 congratulations
Stephen on your spooky idea and Warner
Brothers thanks you for your submission
they specially loved the part where
there's just lots of loud banging noises
every time something scary supposed to
be happening by the way whatever
happened to David F Sandberg it seems he
disappeared from existence once people
started asking them about the sketchy
content to stay two years late
right on schedule the killings start up
again six so far maybe more Billy Boy
something Bad's going to happen to one
of us get out of Derry while you still
can
I'm going back in this time I'm gonna
kill it
it's coming the thrilling division of
Stephen King's it Tuesday night did not
realize how beloved this TV who he was
until the promotional material for the
new ones started to come out the first
trailer for the new it came out and it
was like the most viewed trailer in one
day in the history of YouTube or
something like that
so it's like like it is like a beloved
property and there were a number of
Stephen King TV movie adaptations made
in the late 80s early 90s and every
single one of them sucks including it
and everybody has forgot all of the
other ones Langille ears Tommyknockers
the golden years but yeah i think the
only reason that one is kind of
remembered fondly is because people kind
of rh saw it when they were 10 11 12
years old and thought it was spooky and
the only reason it holds up in anyone's
mind is because of Tim Curry as penny
wise so we're gonna talk about the TV
movie first and it'll be hard not to dip
back and forth and we'll probably talk a
little bit about the book too
I've been in the process of rereading
the book I was hoping to have it done
before the new movie came out but I
think that's physically impossible
because the book is this fucking big
there's actually no documentation of
anyone ever finishing this book before
they die I finished the book full
disclosure I read the whole thing in
high school in high school I did I did I
read it when I was younger shortly after
the TV movie I was too young to
understand it and then yeah I've been in
the process of rereading it in
anticipation of the new movie it was a
number of years after the movie came out
but someone a friend of mine was reading
it and he's like you should read this oh
yeah okay and I read it I don't remember
anything about it other than what
everybody else remembers from it spooky
clown
underage gangbang underage gangbang and
just to get it out of the way right up
front
no that scene is not in the new movie
let's get all this out of the way right
off the bat for me it is a mixed bag it
feels like 25 different ideas that
aren't quite completed welcome to the
world of Stephen King ya rights like any
he's like a weird sex pervert rights
like bizarre things and is some of his
dialogues weird but then some things are
brilliant and then some things aren't
and they're weird and I'll shove this in
there and he just like goes crazy on a
typewriter and nobody stops him at least
this at 7000 page book and it's like
here make some sense of this well it's
unique amongst his books because he
writes pretty quickly from what I
understand how like kind of kind of like
a John Hughes type like John Hughes
would write a feature-length screenplay
in a weekend and it would be wonderful
and Stephen King's kind of that same way
or he's just like constantly writing
things but he spent like four years on
it this was like before the Dark Tower
this was like his kind of Lord of the
Rings or something so it's it's it's
messy it's big it's the storytelling is
all over the place not something you can
make into a conventional feature film
then the TV movie kind of tried and the
new movie tried and we'll get into that
as far as the the narrative structure of
the new movie which is different than
structure of the original TV movie or
the book and I'm assuming if you're
watching this you probably saw the TV
movie everybody's seen the TV movie if
you haven't you're probably not gonna
get much out of it because it does not
hold up the first half holds up at the
TV movie since we're talking about that
now the second half is a disaster
it's it's an embarrassing disaster but
the first part holds up and this new
movie is just the kids yes at the end it
says chapter one and that's a mass whole
two rows behind me anyone I knew it I
knew it they gotta do the adults they
got to do the adults oh yeah what the
fuck
are you dense yeah we remember her dude
we all saw the TV movie - you're not the
only one do you think he thought that
the movie was just gonna continue and it
was gonna be like six hours long yeah I
don't know I think he thought he was the
only one who was in the know about the
part with the adults well that's like
the people whatever you mentioned the
book everybody is always like did you
know there's a scene with an underage
gangbang everybody likes to point that
out is if they're the only one that
knows about it yeah for those of you who
haven't read the book can we elaborate
on the underage gang when they're down
in the in in the sewers at the end of
the film or in the end of the book I
think they all say they get lost and
they say the only way we can find our
way out is we all have to lose our
virginity I have sex with Bev and then
Babs like okay and then and then it's
like it's like each one she is
describing like how their penises felt
yeah she talks about how Big Ben is the
fat kids right was in the details he
doesn't even know if it'll fit in the
the the key words are it goes into
detail that's when I look at Stephen
King and I could just see his face in a
police mug shot for sex pervert because
what is this so and that's that as
though that is the the mark of genius in
a way is that bordering on insanity
sure well who else would think to put
that in there so it is both entertaining
and frustrating because it's it's like I
said a mixed bag
well the TV movie it's a fairly accurate
adaptation of the book it's more notable
for what is in the book is in the TV
movie but there's just way more in the
book that is not in the TV movie almost
everything that's in the TV movie is
literally what's in the book as far as
the basic things that happen yeah but
the book of course elaborates a lot more
on all the backstory and the motivations
and what's going through people's minds
all the stuff that makes it interesting
to read that's all gone from the TV
movie and all you're left with is Harry
Anderson making terrible jokes and lots
and lots of bad acting by the adults oh
yes things are painfully uncomfortable
yes we have to talk about the why is it
so mean scene with Annette O'Toole and
the late great John Ritter why is it
doing why is it so mean it's like
something out of a shitty soap opera at
least you felt something that's a mirror
your hairs winter fire why'd you say
that you wrote it didn't you I was young
I thought it was a bill but it was you
was it damn it Bev is that you and
there's that the clown well Stevie
things dialog is often bad and kind of
dated and weird yeah sometimes it sounds
like something out of like the 50s or
something which which works when you
have these little kids that are actually
in the 50s but when they're adults in
the 80s it sounds weird true but then we
come to the point of it and then it
becomes sort of like little confusing
has it has some similarities to Freddy
Krueger name on Elm Street where there's
like playing on your fears it if you're
scared of the Wolfman from the Wolfman
movie which was indeed eluvian in the
book and not in this version the wolf
it'll it will appear as the Wolfman well
the original idea for the book his idea
Stephen King's idea was to kind of make
it like a Monster Mash like fill it with
like I love the mummy and I love the
Wolfman and said kind of put them all in
there everybody thinks of it as being
about the clown but it takes on all
these other forms
he's very ineffective in the TV movie
he's his whole existence is to eat
children but he's just constantly
letting them go you don't want to just
youyou don't want to apply logic to to a
story like this that's why I was singer
named ran Elm Street when comparing it
to this because Nightmare on Elm Street
there is that there is that hard line
between Freddy Krueger he can get you in
your dreams but not when you're awake
yes it it's sort of it sort of blurs
that line I kind of sometimes Freddy
might try and kill you but you wake up
just in time and then he can't get you
yes here in the TV movie especially more
so than even the book is like yeah
Richie Tozier I'm the werewolf man and I
got you and then I'm just gonna let you
run away yeah he does that
over and over in the TV movie and it is
it appears as a clown or it appears as
your worst fear - I guess lure children
into eat it but why would it appear as
something scary if it's gonna lure you
in well it's kind of the opposite of the
new movie and that he in the TV movie he
lures you in as the clown and then he
like turns into a creepy monster yeah
and the T in the new movie
he's usually a creepy monster first and
then they look back and then he's the
clown which is sort of weird the the it
is his space alien apparently we don't
know it's it's a cosmic entity there was
you see there's this this cosmic space
turtle that that vomits up our galaxy
he's from the macro verse it's called
and then the he's sort of the the the
good figure and then it's comes from
it's like the negative kind of
counterbalance to that it's somehow
crash-lands centuries ago it crashed
lands in dairy and now this this evil
force is stuck on earth in dairy
sorry 27 years it wakes up and feeds
pretty fucking weird stuff
I think the co-author of the book is
Coco
and these are things that were left out
of both the TV movie and at least so far
the the new movie I don't know what the
second part will be but there's several
references to Turtles there are but they
were talking about that / - of this
fucking soap in Chapter two yeah so the
idea is that the losers the little kids
that are all losers all form a little
team they're stronger in a group and
they're their strength together is what
it ultimately defeats the it
they momentarily until it comes back as
they're adults that's the the bond and
strength of their friendship that makes
them strong and not scared anymore which
is kind of like Freddy Krueger as well I
take back every bit of energy I gave you
you're nothing
yeah the the talk about the end of part
1 and part 1 is little kids and they
they think there's there's the theme
with the werewolf and they think Silver
Bullet that's just stuff in movies what
goods are gonna do it's over they can
kill it believe it all makes sense
coming from the mind of a child she hits
in the head and it and it's dead lights
come out and I have shrinks down into
the it turns into a claymation Gumby man
yes and goes down in the sewer so yeah
that that then part two comes back and
everybody just fucks around for two
hours and then they show up and they
decided to go to a Chinese restaurant
I get the idea behind it it's like hey
we're gonna have to deal with this evil
entity just for tonight we're all
reunited let's let's have a good time
but the I don't know the the balance or
the the transition from one kind of tone
to the other is completely absent
yeah the first half of the TV movie
feels like a nice 1980s horror movie
with kids in it the second Jaime with
monsters damn by me with monsters well
executed well done some scary moments
the second half feels like like a soap
opera
I feel the bond with the kids when
they're kids yes but when they all come
back it's like none of them can remember
the it incident sort of they can but
then they're all like all kissing Bev on
the mouth like all of them even though
they have significant others
there was no underage gangbang and then
in the TV movie right yeah and then and
then it's like John Ritter is giving her
like like a sensual neck massage with
everybody just like staring at them yeah
well the one guy is like taking his
shoes off he's like rubbing his feet and
they're all just like lounging around I
don't know if that's to be blamed on the
direction like okay yeah how about you
got you guys are just sitting around you
want to you're comfortable so John go
over there and just just start massaging
the shoulders and and start grabbing a
knees squeezing your and then you're
rubbing your feet and you're picking
your nose over there and you know you're
you take you you take off your shirt
laying by the fireplace you decide to
oil up you know it's like what the
fuck's going on yeah and so is this
unintentional sexual energy thing
happening and this and that that is
another big thing with it is weird sex
stuff because at one point Eddie right
before they enter its domain which is an
adorable high school playset little
little styrofoam skulls at a cute little
doorway it's a little more epic in this
film in the new film but he decides to
tell everyone that he's a virgin I mean
I've never even
in with him Eddie what are you saying
you're a virgin yeah well I can't help
you with that pal but thanks for sharing
and Harry Anderson cracks jokes his
jokes are so bad and they're so
ill-timed and awful but that's besides
its shocky to learn that they were
mostly improvised get back to Night
Court you hack so Eddie says I have
never had sex before because I've only
wanted to have sex with someone that I
truly loved and the only people that
I've truly loved are the three of you
here now and I think he's proposing an
orgy at the most inappropriate time and
then they kick open the door and it
becomes a terrible a terrible haunted
house spider
it looks terrible and I'm a fan of
stop-motion but in the context of this
it comes across terrible a little budget
TV movie of the week stop-motion yes is
not good stop-motion and this is
something that happens in the book there
is a giant spider in the context of a
book though of course it's kind of left
up to your own sort of mind to interpret
how it looks well it's not supposed to
be literally a spider it's just the
aliens true form right it's it's the
thing has no form on earth it has no
physical form and the spider is like the
closest representation that our minds
can comprehend gross and disgusting yeah
it's very sort of like like Lovecraft II
and kind of left to your imagination
type thing but in the TV movie it's just
a big stupid looking rubber spider and
then there they just say let's get it
and they push it over and they rip its
heart out and I mean that does literally
happen in the book but all the kind of
subtlety and motivation and an
explanation of what this thing is is
completely gone so all you're left with
is Harry Anderson punching a rubber
spider again it big long complex book
with lots of things going on down on a
1990s TV movie budget and does not quite
translate it they didn't even need that
second half and that was a smart thing
for this movie to do yeah try and tackle
all that yeah well it's it's also the
structure is different I mean there's a
little bit of cutting back and forth on
the first half we get scene after scene
of someone picking up the phone and then
awkward zoom in and then flashback the
book is going back and forth between
kids and adults they're pretty much the
whole thing yeah
so you're seeing like them going into
the sewers when they're adults and then
they have these recovered memories of
when they were kids going into the sewer
almost unfilmable as far as structure
goes as you know if you tried to do
something true to the book so I think
they were smart with the TV movie to do
it the way they did but again you lose
some stuff in translation and then this
new movie just kind of functions as a
standalone movie like you could not do
ii happen it still would work
up here shop stuff up here you helped me
once remember
well we're back and now we're going to
talk about the new it film we're gonna
jump ahead 27 years 27 years I should
point out it's been 27 years between the
TV movie and now this new adaptation of
it which is kind of crazy that is
madness and the timing is actually
perfect I was thinking about this while
watching this because we saw the movie
in a theater that was crowded packed
with people a weekday night oh my gosh
I'm so used to seeing movies with with
three other people scattered around and
that's on a Saturday night that's a
Saturday night so this movie is gonna do
real well financially it's getting good
reviews and it's it's the perfect timing
because it takes place in 1989 obviously
so that the second chapter can take
place in modern day the first one took
place and the kids part was in the 50s
so in the 80s or so early 90s whatever
but so you have that retro 80s thing
which is popular now with stranger
things yes on the kid from stranger
things even in this yeah kids riding
around in their bicycles yeah it's sort
of weird cuz like stranger things is
sort of omajin
it's and now we have it that feels like
it's aping off of stranger things that's
the thing now I'm all for movies coming
back to having kids on bikes going off
and having adventures and you have films
like Annabelle creation films with
absolutely no plot just a series of
scary things happening that you could
put in a trailer that are mega
successful yeah so it this new movie has
a series of scary things happening with
kind of story by golly it's gonna make
it to a billion dollars it's a perfect
time and everybody loves creepy clowns
clowns all around well not people that
are clowns professionally they're very
upset about this movie I don't know
it's kind of ironic that clowns are
taking this so seriously I I thought
this movie was okay J Alegre
I'm very split on it it was kind of a
frustrating movie as I've been rereading
the book and it gets a lot of things
right it changes some things which we
can probably get into to make it work as
kind of a conventionally sort of three
act structure movie all the stuff with
the kids and the kids kind of bonding
and forming a friendship and becoming
the losers Club wonderful almost all
these kids are fantastic and you really
believe them as these these budding
friends and all their performances are
great and then the stupid horror movie
gets in the way where every single scare
moment is accompanied by a loud clang
noise and I hated it
subtlety is not a word that's in the
cinematic language of this film and
there are certain moments that I think
actually could have worked as like a
creepy horror movie moments if it just
did not have that loud obnoxious noise
this is where you're supposed to be
scared it parallels a lot with Annabelle
creation because it's like what happens
now I don't know they're running to the
monster again and then it goes woo and
then it goes away and so it became very
like repetitive and like you said the
kids storyline worked all that stuff
worked and then I thought whatever
skarsgård was the clown did great yeah
I thought that performance and a lot of
the clown effects were neat but I didn't
I wasn't scared at all during this movie
I was just kind of like kinda getting
bored and then there was some comedic
tonal things that I thought went a
little too far there there was maybe a
few too many like Richie Tozier
kind of one-liners after something scary
happens I liked him a lot in the role
that was his character yeah there's a
couple parts where it felt kind of out
of place or unneeded like Eddie's mom
like oh god she looked like she belongs
in a John Waters movie yes Eddie
kasparek the hypochondriac has his fat
mom has like like a pink tracksuit and
yeah but just that when they show her it
first she's just wearing like a muumuu
and she looks sort of disgusting and
slimy and and I like that because he's
like well like Munchausen's syndrome or
something right like like you're so
you're sick you're sick yeah and and I
was like who the mom is like gross you
know and they didn't cast her as like
the yeah the the creepy old lady it was
just like this gross fat lady and then
then she shows up in a pacer in like a
tracksuit with this like weird like like
necklace on and it's it's a comical
becomes comical and there's there's some
moments like that I was at first happy
that they left in a lot of the vulgar
Stephen King dialogue
yeah the f-word is fly all over the
other F word flies out yes I was shocked
to hear in a modern-day film in contexts
it's fine but as so many people I think
kind of ignore context now but as this
asshole bully in the 80s like would use
that word yeah and so I like that it got
and then some of the dialogue the kids
are saying they're like talking about
like fucking their sister and just yeah
especially Richie Tozier just lots of
vulgar horrible sex things basically
piss and shit so I'm just telling you in
the book Eddie is of course you know
he's always worried about diseases and
scared and scared of that stuff and so
he sees a leper and the leper creeps him
out and in the book though the lepers
like offering and offering to give him a
blowjob which is kind of fucked up but
again Stephen King plus cocaine equals
it he does not do that in this movie but
it chases him around
accompanied by loud obnoxious sound
effects
sequence but he's in there and then
there's a couple new ones too that
aren't in the book like stan is Jewish
and he's in the he's like practicing for
Bar Mitzvah he's practicing for his Bar
Mitzvah and he goes into the back room
of the the synagogue he's in and there's
a painting on the wall and then the
painting comes to life see that seem
very specific I couldn't remember if
that was in the book that that's I don't
believe that's in the book but the the
leper is the the people that were burned
alive that's from the book Mike's
parents yeah yeah yeah they it's like
they did they did the fear stuff and
then they they always followed it with
an appearance from the clown yeah and I
don't know again if that's in the book
or not I don't remember it some parts it
is some person isn't yeah well that that
I mean spoilers here from here on out
that to me obviously the ending they
they tied it up with a bow nice and neat
because the original the the TV movie
ending and I don't remember the book
ending she shoots him in the head with
the thing and the dead lights come out
of his head and he goes down the thing
and this they're like ah
he's gotta fight it and then it kind of
like I'm your fear I'm gonna get you I'm
your fear and all the fears come back
yeah and that to me structurally from a
movie perspective made sense they didn't
kill it right they just showed it they
each one of them overcame their own
individual little fears and beat it up
and then it went and slithered away
because it lost all its power because
they were no longer scared
sure structurally it makes a sense I
actually prefer the ending of the kids
portion from the TV movie okay because I
feel like it had a stronger sense of
that bond between the kids I mean that's
the whole idea is that they're stronger
together and like Bev suiting the the
silver like that's not like that it's
not that that's something like that
would literally kill it it's more what
that represents yes I'm working a boil
dad Eddie you know he has his inhaler
and he's like this is battery acid and
it's more just like there
kind of imagination and they're working
together kills it in this movie they go
down the sewer and they have like no
plan and then they just start beating it
with pipes like yeah will they bring the
cow cattle killing gun yeah was it
wasn't in the book that was just
something they introduced in the first
part of the movie pays off in the end of
the movie but it's still like they kind
of have that because bill goes to shoot
it with that at the end and and Mike's
like oh it's empty and doesn't matter
that it's empty it's more that he
believes and so like a part of his head
shoots up but that's it then they just
beat it with pipes again it's all
nebulous it's all like fuck here's a
9,000 page book figured out and I think
that that translates to the film that's
one of the reasons I really like this
movie I don't know I don't know anyone
who calls it like a like a masterpiece
no it's very sloppy it's a great premise
and I think this movie does a good job
of executing what works about that
premise yes and leaving out the stuff
that doesn't well the the it at the book
is like like a giant I'm gonna use a
metaphor it's like a giant stewpot right
and the movie's new to take out the meat
and the potatoes sure and the vegetables
yeah but in the books to pot there's
meat potatoes vegetables and game bangs
and gang bangs but there's also candy
corn and and and skittles a piece of
pizza and an apple okay and what are
some other foods that just do not go
together but it's in a big pot sure and
so the movie knew like here's a creepy
clown here's some kids here's some kind
of premise about overcoming your fears
now let's have a bunch of scenes with a
creepy clown and we'll put it all in a
trailer and y'all come out and see it
now yeah come on y'all come on out and
see this it's got a creepy clown in it
it's gonna go boo I feel like in in this
version of the movie
as an adaptation they could have gotten
rid of a couple of those kids Mike
Hamlin is left with almost nothing to do
in this version that something has
changed from the book in the book he's
the one that sort of is interested in
dairies history yeah reason that you
know is looking up you know the history
of the town and all the horrible things
that have happened and in this version
they give that job to Ben the fat kid
who already has his little love triangle
thing going on
Mike Camelin disappears for like a good
chunk of the role of the movie nobody
comes back in I was like oh right yeah
and then he doesn't really have a lot to
do he's got the the whatever that's
called the gun you shoot into animals
heads to kill him but that's it it's
like so I thought that was weird you
could probably just pull Mike Hanlon out
completely and it wouldn't Amade a
difference it's an adaptation you can
change things I think in in this version
of the movie it would have worked better
with less kids about Jay you can't
remove a character from a classic book
that nobody's read a classic book that
only anyone remembers because of Tim
Curry in a TV movie made in 1990 right
right yeah I could probably say I
actually fucking read it I read it
cover-to-cover
confusing and terrible as it was what
now space turtle but that was so fucking
long ago I can't remember anything from
it so it's almost like I didn't read it
okay although I do remember the underage
gangbang you know I was thinking with
Bob cutting her hair yeah that's
probably in the but I don't know I don't
think that's in the book but I knew it I
knew it I knew it movie TV movie Bob
sink fills up with blood and then I'm
like with wait a minute Bloods gonna go
everywhere isn't it it's gonna be to the
nth degree it was comical and I was
right it's because yeah it's actually
kind of creepy at first when like just
hair starts to shoot up and is like
tangling around her arm running me like
a nightmare and um street sequence or
something but voices in the in the drain
were more spooky yeah and that's the
thing
like subtlety goes a long way in being
creepy but we got a everything's gonna
be up to the you know so like blood
shoots everywhere and just like in the
book the kids all decide like hey
parents either don't see this or pretend
to not see this we're gonna help you
clean it up and it's just like it's all
over the ceiling it's all over every
wall the entire bathroom is covered in
blood so the idea of them cleaning it up
just felt like silly yes yes that's as
not good as the TV movie is the amount
of blood I think is fine for what it's
supposed to be conveying we have taken
seven hours to clean up that blood yeah
and there's like this idea that the dads
gonna come home Richie Tozier is sitting
outside keeping an eye out it's like was
the out there overnight I'm sure we've
said it before but a loud noise is not
scary it's startling
it might make you jump but it's gonna
leave no lasting impact and that's this
movie is just sort of like a you know
like a haunted house literally at one
point they go into the the the creepy
old house that looks like no house is in
reality it looks like a horror movie
house and it's like oh they opened the
one door and there's a creepy girl
that's hanging from the ceiling but your
bottom half is missing and she goes and
then they close it and that's the room
you go into a haunted house silences is
undervalued in these stupid horror
movies the creepiest movie I've seen in
years that actually made like gave me
goosebumps it made my skin crawl
multiple times is a movie called Lake
Mungo from a few years ago there's not a
jump-scare and the entire fucking thing
it's just quiet sounds and photos of
creepy things hmm and it's incredibly
unsettling but you won't get a movie
like that
released to a wide audience you know the
irony is that this 9,000 page novel can
get boiled down to a handful of scenes
with creepy clown that that will satisfy
today's lowbrow low attention span
audience and that's the the frustrating
part I think with a couple tweaks and
just not playing it's so broad with the
horror stuff I think this really could
have been something special as it is all
the kids stuff
it's nice to see that adapted better
than it was in the TV movie I like the
kids in the TV movie but as far as the
way they interact and even the
performances and stuff I really like all
that in this movie but it's just that
horror stuff has just played so broadly
well it's the it's the perfect like I
said the perfect time perfect place for
this material to bring it back and you
brought it back ten years ago I don't
know but it kind of fits nicely into a
little a little spot it's it's people
like that broad horror stuff now they
like the loud jump scare or jump scares
and the like the Annabel creation that
doll that stupid fucking doll I'm more
scared of the Raggedy Ann doll yeah than
I am I'm so scary look at me I'm so
scary yeah and that's the these movies
they're not gonna hold up over time and
I I mean I just rewatched the Exorcist
the other day and that's a movie that
holds up its timeless because it's
executed like it's a drama it's not
executed like a scary horror movie and
so there's a psychological element to it
that this movie could have had I'm
curious what it would have been like if
Cary Fukunaga would have would have done
it because that first season a true
detective is wonderful and I have a
feeling that might have been what
ultimately led to him levy aim is that
clash between the studio saying like no
you gotta have the creepy jump scares
and him wanting to do something a little
more highbrow than that
I don't know but that's my guess you
know but there's enough there's enough
creepy clown sprinkled throughout this
to keep the popcorn going masses
entertained it's almost like there's a
repetition to it where it's almost like
I don't know if it's like I know at one
point in one of the Friday the 13th
sequels the producers were saying like
you got to have a kill every eight
minutes and this movie kind of has that
feel like you gotta have the clown jump
out and make a loud noise every eight
minutes yeah it had that that sort of
workman like kind of feel to it yeah the
only part in this movie that
legitimately kind of like I think my
hair raised on my arms was when Ben is
flipping through the
the town history book and every page
it's like the same picture over and over
but it just gets closer every time and
just that final visual of just like a
child's head in a tree it exploded into
a tree yeah like that was creepy but of
course that's also accompanied by like
it would have been just as unsettling
without that then also there's a
sequence where they're looking at the
film slides yeah and then it kind of
does the the film slide film projector
takes over and then the moms face kind
of turns into Pennywise and then it's
like then it would be like look burns
out or something great yeah instead like
Pennywise comes out of the wall okay so
you and I think while I don't really
like the source material I think it's
it's a clusterfuck of ideas from a crazy
man well this movie streamlines it the
movie streamline streamlines it as best
it can it takes all the things out of
the pot to make a make a nice meal for
everybody it adds a a bit near the end
of the second acts where the character
is I'll get upset with each other and go
their separate ways
classic three-act structure stuff where
then they have to come back together
everybody's up their low point yeah and
it seems like the evil has won but then
Bev gets kidnapped we got to go save her
which I didn't like that either by the
way her now yeah if Pennywise had a
reason to lure them all in but he didn't
right well and then she's like the
strongest one and they make a line about
like he couldn't get her he couldn't
kill her because she's too strong once I
go she's so strong then how could he
lure in in the first place get one of
those pussy kids get Eddie Casper
actually curtain up to Casper so as it
is it just feels like a lame damsel in
distress thing like Heidi's mom could
have been Oh Eddie's gone and then and
then then they'd be like we're gonna go
find him
ma'am the lady who just dissed us all
and told us you couldn't we couldn't see
Eddie any more
we're gonna go save him nice little
turnaround and then sit your fat ass
down we're gonna go save your son
they know where he's at whoa I did
appreciate the very end of the movie we
did not have our characters walk off
into the sunset everything's quiet and
then Pennywise jumps out right of the
screen cut the credits they didn't do
that I was so shocked that was the only
shocking thing in the movie - good job
I was waiting for Bakul to pop out at
the screen and they didn't do it so
kudos to them for that I just kind of
ended the only moment of restrain the
entire fucking movie maybe you know what
we didn't stay for the post-credits oh
oh do you think they had a Marvel s
post-credits sequence setting up the
sequel like just a shot of the sewers or
whatever that well oh yeah then
something something like that or just
the eyes light up yeah as long as you
don't do it right before the end credits
start yeah movie proper was over we left
the fuckin theater didn't see stupid
shit finished the movie and you stayed
past the end credits tell us if there
was stupid shit so yeah it's kind of a
neat idea very muddled and confusing and
all over the place the the the ramblings
of a crazy man turned into a terrible TV
movie then refined into a marketable
movie that's the perfect way to describe
it it'll be successful but seems to have
some of what makes the book work but not
all III think structurally like this
screenplay for this is is perfect for
what this needs to be it's really just
the execution and the horror sequences
be more obnoxious than scary that's
really what killed it for me because
everything else I thought the center
hagh Rafi was nice yeah that's true yeah
it had like kind of I don't know a
richer look than a lot of modern movies
have everything looks so generic now out
of a hundred people
Jay you being included in this bunch
ninety-nine will find the the sped up
screaming clown scary you will be the
one person who will find boring old
pictures scary
so the bean counters and the producers
who are making this know what they're
doing is sure I'm sorry to be so blunt
wait you're thinking about I mean if
you're talking about it in terms of like
making their money back on opening
weekend but I don't think this movie is
going to be considered some sort of
horror classic in 25 years or anything
there there were many many dumb people
in our theater I just I just sensed it
I like spidey senses there are people
walking in with pizzas and and and hot
dogs and corn dogs and there was like
lares like wheelbarrows filled with like
garbage food and and Fatso's going smoke
a cloud scare me you know I mean and
that's what this is yeah I wish I could
say I wish I could be outraged that this
brilliant novel was was you know
downplayed into spooky clown sequences
but I'm not the biggest fan of the novel
from the beginning so all of this is
just a big big pile of trash that I'm
just digging my way through throwing
trash around see it's frustrating to me
as like I have issues with the book but
I think the concept is great and I think
this could have been something special I
don't know it's no friend requests know
that's or
I clicked unfriend and it won't let me
unfriend the ghosts I'm friends with the
ghosts on Facebook
why isn't meta tied all the movie
confront host that Facebook
they need to make it more clear so that
people understand what they're supposed
to be scared of life is a nightmare
just keep hitting us with hurricanes
till we're all gone just come on keep
coming
Harvey
Irma why doesn't Hollywood get hit by
hurricanes why is it America's armpit
Florida always gets hit by the
Hurricanes just hit kick hurricanes go
over go over by the Pacific side and run
over Hollywood constantly with
hurricanes one after the other until
it's nothing just put a pile of debris
and rubble one after the other after the
other
constantly hitting Hollywood over and
over and over again so they stop making
movies thank you and good night
