Dec 10, 2017
The Disaster Artist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPn3lUhzaqM
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/939952593673048069
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155249329752634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-the-disaster-artist (archive.ph/YBQ0H)
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-disaster-artist

Half in the bag.
so it's only a few weeks
now to the bird day that's right Mike
you know I can't wait to marry mr.
blinken thanks again for the delicious
cake I don't know why you keep feeding
it to me well J and my home account
today it's tradition for the groom to
eat a whole cake every day for six
months leading up to the wedding so do
they still have a wedding cake on the
date code no oh
by then the groom would be sick of
wedding cake do they replace it with
something else
I'm sorry what do they replace the
wedding cake with something else some
other tradition what are you talking
about tradition oh yeah yeah yeah that
thing that you're lying about right now
right uh I think it's a pig's head oh
that's great I love pork
Oh hey what's that that was a close one
a close way nothing you know it's really
great that you and mr. blinken are so
much in love yeah it's weird you know I
have vague memories of you and me
planning this wedding as a way to
inherit all of mr. plinkus money after
he dies but over time I have grown to
love the old curmudgeon well now that
it's been confirmed that you are indeed
marrying mr. Plunkett for love and not
money I took the liberty of drawing up a
prenuptial contract for you and Harry to
sign it's really just to protect you
legally Wow Mike that's great you know
you think of everything you're such a
good friend the contract might look a
little bit intimidating cuz it's so big
but I urge you sit down take the time
and don't read it at all just go to the
last page and sign it and have Harry
sign it as well you don't think I should
at least skim it oh no no it's not
important no you it's all very
boilerplate standard prenuptial contract
nothing sketchy or legal or criminal or
weird or amoral or anything like that
what are we talking about yes Oh have
you seen the new movie the disaster
artist I
have well let's talk about that film
instead of talking about this shady
prenuptial contract I get up on stage in
front of people go like if the ground is
worth they laugh at me you man you're
fearless I want to feel that too
I don't care I'll do it the disaster
artist is a movie about an eccentric
weirdo outsider that writes and directs
his own film which turns out to be one
of the worst movies of all time you know
kind of like Ed Wood just without all
the heart style memorable characters
charm or width that's all by damn that's
cold
walking winter cold Mike what did you
think of the disaster artist I didn't I
didn't love this movie I didn't hate it
I thought it was okay I was expecting
something a little more and I only
really chuckled at the parts that were
directly related to the room yes and
that's a bit of a problem because I
that's kind of most of what I laughed at
- which is a laugh of recognition which
is not what you want from a movie that
should stand on its own outside of the
room no it's attempts to stand on its
own felt a ham-fisted and schmaltzy and
probably unrealistic or not really what
happened right well the most part not
being what really happened is fine as we
talked about in our ad would review true
but what Ed Wood does is it transforms
itself into its own thing that works as
its own movie regardless of how accurate
it is to what really happens or whether
you know the source material or well you
know anything about Ed Wood and and this
movie really doesn't I was trying to
watch it from the mindset of someone who
maybe isn't familiar with the room or
the disaster artist book which I've read
the book we've seen the room many times
we as a matter of fact have a commentary
track for the room
so it's trying to watch it from that
mindset and I was thinking why is Greg
doing anything he's doing to help Tommy
in this movie he has absolutely no
motivation he comes across like a
simpleton this kind of works as like a
dumb buddy comedy I guess until halfway
through when Tommy turns into a rage and
asshole on set and it gets horribly
awkward it'sit's a very uneven movie yes
buddy comedy sounds about right
because you're really dealing with three
different things are you dealing with
the room the disaster artist book and
now the disaster artist movie each one
it's it's only different thing and yeah
unlike Ed Wood Ed Wood is a masterpiece
it's flawlessly done it's perfect and
every frame every shot every scene goes
in the proper order and makes complete
sense this jumped all over the place and
it felt it gave me this like horrible
feeling of anxiety the whole time and I
think it was partially the camerawork
and a documentary style there was that
and and then it was like there was no
loving joy there was you know like he's
a Magu and me you're going to be
filmmaker we're gonna make the Hollywood
dream come true yeah and there was no
like there was no like oh of that that
that dream that spectacle because you
have that moment in that wood when he
meets worse and wells and visions are
worth fighting for I spend your life
making someone else's dreams and you
know ed just kind of looked up to the
Hollywood idea of the icons the the
glitz and glamour of it all this is just
felt like a dirty alley well in that
Orson Welles scene I guess we're
probably gonna be comparing this a lot
to Ed Wood but that scene is critical
story wise because that's what gives ad
the motivation because he had quit his
movie at that point because everybody
was trying to you know take over his
vision and so he's like that said he
storms out and and norson Welles gives
him the motivation to come back and
finish the movie and that's what leads
into a wonderful conclusion this movie
it just kind of fizzles out they just
sort of stop shooting him and Greg get
into an
argument I'm like the last day of
shooting and it doesn't feel like that
movie is building up towards anything
that was a real real clear end of second
act moment sure get in a fight for no
real reason
yeah and then Greg he just comes back
and says Greg come to the premiere and
then they go to the premiere and in the
movie kind of ends Greg Sestero
motivates Tommy
he helps Tommy to build him up and then
Tommy helps build him up but then then
they have in the awkward sexual
sexuality component to which further
complicates things so it makes the movie
kind of I don't want say a mess totally
a mess focus no I don't know like a lot
of it feels I mean it definitely feels
like James Franco wanted to make this
movie because he wanted to play Tommy
was so sure and he's a wonderful Tommy
was so I think he's actually really good
in this but you need that director with
a vision and he directed this movie
James Franco who is directed 27 other
movies that nobody's ever heard of
you could tell they just wanted to make
a movie about what happened behind the
scenes of making the room because they
wanted to recreate the room because at
the end after the movies movie proper is
over they have side-by-side comparisons
of the room and the disaster artist it's
like okay this is fun but I I cut a
pointless yeah I could not give a fuck
how accurately and specifically you
recreated the scenes from the room know
that like that doesn't there's no heart
to that yeah good job I guess but the
problem is though is is that they tried
to make the heart Tommy Wiseau and they
played around with that idea that is he
the villain or is he the hero yeah
because he himself was wondering that
he's like I am not revealing there's a
part in that you know about voting Cory
says he'd played Frankenstein presence
you are a perfect villain I could see
you as Dracula Frankenstein no
Frankenstein
I'm hero obviously if you have the
rights to this book
Tommy signed off for that and if you
want to make a movie Tommy's got to sign
off for that too so you're not like
we're going to portray you as a fucking
monster that everybody hates
okay maybe one scene I go a little crazy
and I fight with crew but in other
scenes I would be happy I'd be like
James Dean you know and it's like in the
book in Greg Sestero accounts of what
happened tommy was so not just during
the making of the movie but even leading
up to it he's manipulative he's an
asshole
and the reason greg agrees to do the
movie is completely for money purposes
you know he's a struggling actor he has
no money and tommy wiseau is going to
give him a pretty hefty salary to do
this movie buts his entire motivation
for doing the movie in in the movie
version of the disaster artists he just
doesn't cuz they're friends I guess
Tommy's his best friend cuz tell me this
is best friend yeah it's as shallow as
the room Greg and Tommy he's my best
friend
ironically enough that's true yeah
the only ball how this drink yeah I
guess we do I will be famous Oh
Charlotte
here we go there is the weird homoerotic
kind of relationship between Tommy and
did Greg ever live with Tommy yeah I
would say the homoerotic aspect of it is
amped up in this movie which is really
crazy since they're brothers but by
eliminating so much surrounding that it
is very much that like there's no
motivation for these two to be friends
and I mean it seemed Tommy's motivation
is clearer it's almost like a sycophant
friendship where Tommy Tommy is like
strangely either in love with Greg or or
in love with the idea of wanting to be
Greg he wants to be the all-american
handsome male actor but he's you know an
ugly man and he was weird and that's
something he wants to be he may not
necessarily be like sexually attracted
to him but he wants to be him and Greg
wants to be an actor and Tommy provides
the means of possibly doing that so
there aren't really friends there you
know two parasites that have attached
themselves to each other and that does
not play out in the movie it comes out
you know they we follow our dreams
yeah it's very simplistic you needed
Todd Salons two directors David Fincher
or like date when David Fincher made
this the social network I mean that was
all psychological oh you know what I
mean well there's two ways you could go
about it that's the problem this movies
are right in the middle just one Oh
sweetie awkward yeah I want you can make
it real broad goofy comedy or even like
an Ed Wood kind of you know romanticized
comedy I didn't realize heightened
realism or you make weird psychological
I just I get a Boogie Nights during the
scenes when Tommy's flipping out on the
set of this movie
oh sure mine's me the the porno scenes
from Boogie Nights so you could do that
version there was a blend of all those
different things that you just mentioned
yeah it kind of had a heightened reality
a little bit to the like a certain
degree because I was really expecting
like more of the behind the scenes the
making of stuff
and just more of like the technical
details that went on behind the scenes
they touched in a little bit here and
there like we they didn't he didn't give
them water yeah it's personal bathroom
just it would've been nice to know
what's going on in the minds of all the
other actors in the movie that true I
mean you have Juliette Daniel who plays
Lisa in the room I mean she's such a
huge part of the room and she's barely
in this there's one scene their sex
scene lead up to their sex scene and
she's just like it's okay I'm fine what
it's time he was freaking out and set
and walking around naked it's like what
is she thinking during the scene but
they just completely gloss over that
just trying to be professional yeah but
they had that I like that little moment
when the claudette is saying why she
loves acting and then they're all kind
of sitting around like we all kind of
bond and laugh at this is this what is
going on in this movie it makes no sense
and right and so more moments like that
would have been better unless a Tommy
and Greg but I know they're the leads
and so it becomes kind of like a focus
issue
curiously enough the movie opens I
should say oddly enough
the movie opens with a bunch of current
Hollywood actors all saying why they
love the room people like um I'm Scots
they have Scot Kevin Smith Kristen Bell
yeah bunch of yeah you're just like okay
which again I was trying to think of
like someone seen this that isn't
familiar the room or the disaster artist
book because they're not saying the
movie is so bad it's hilarious they're
saying like it's this eccentric guy and
he had a vision and it's like if you're
watching this even like what like he
know he made one of the worst movies of
all one of the funniest bad movies of
all time you have to establish that up
front for people that aren't familiar
yeah if that's the way you're gonna open
your movie with these talking heads but
it feels more like oh here's James
Franco's friends it's that culture level
it's it's James Franco obviously loves
the room in the way that you and I love
the room right it's freaking hilarious
it's it's incompetent it's amazingly bad
but then there's there's the darker
psychological weird level that that
which you get out of the book which you
get from the book where where it gets
really into detail about all these
little things Tommy does and what is
wrong with his persona yeah that's a
whole nother movie and so I think it's a
filmmaker problem where James Franco
might not have been the best choice to
direct I think it was just the style
it's just very surface level of surface
level version of this story surface
level with the the beats and plot points
of a Hollywood buddy comedy we're going
where you and I have a dream we make
movie look at what we've done we failed
but really in the end we won there's a
very truncated version of the the 10
year history of the room in one
screening the premiere screening of the
room which that scene and this is it
brought out something from the recesses
of my brain that I didn't even know was
still in there because they go to the
premiere of the room which starts out
very funny because it's so awkward where
the movies playing and it's terrible
it's like the cast and crew and you know
whoever else shows up to this premiere
and the movies terrible so people start
like snickering or trying not to laugh
and that was like the best thing in the
movie is is the the awkwardness and then
once they start laughing more more
overtly Tommy starts to get upset and
everybody's laughing hysterically and he
storms out of the theater and he's in
the lobby and then Greg Sestero comes
out to comfort him like oh they're
laughing but that means they're enjoying
the movie there is a scene exactly like
that in an episode of Doogie Howser MD
because Doogie Howser's best friend
wants to make movies do you members
Nathan II Vinnie who that actor was in
that would oddly enough so there's an
episode where Vinnie makes a movie it's
like a horror movie I think I remember
and they have a screening of it in
someone's house and everybody starts
laughing hysterically and Vinnie runs
out of the room and he's horribly upset
because everybody's laughing at his
movie and doogie howser comes out to
comfort him we should make I mean and
laughing at me and tells him it's okay
they're all enjoying the movie and then
they go back in and everything's fine so
this movie the disaster artist has the
emotional depth of an episode of Doogie
Howser MD from 30 years ago
why give them job I give them salary
understand five million dollar on this
movie great are you kidding me a five
million dollar and they are not grateful
nobody was back my vision are like Seth
Rogen he's fine everybody's fine i i i
did not like dave franco no one he I
mean not that he has to but he doesn't
look or feel anything like Greg Sestero
right
personality-wise but also like if you've
seen the teaser trailer which is the I
did not hit her I did not scene where he
can't get the lines right and Dave Frank
goes off to the side and he has this
sort of like like perplexed but like
concerned look on his face that's him
through the entire movie there's there's
no range to him really at all I'm trying
to think of how you would portray mark
the only real hiccup is how you portray
mark is also how you portray Tommy
because then this Dave Franco's very
like he's very apologetic he's very like
nurturing like oh I just give Tommy a
chance he'll be all right come on
yeah like which is awkward in real life
Greg Sestero is probably like well he's
embarrassed by him a lot this movie
would have been fascinating if Tommy
Wiseau was portrayed probably closer to
what he really was and that I think it
was the like the handicap of it this
alleyway looks exactly like the real
alleyway out there that's right
we just shooting the real alleyway
because I would have liked to have seen
a version of this story told where it
doesn't there no concern for the real
Tommy was so or a version of this movie
that's just like really funny and clever
right because it can you can soften him
I mean we talked about Ed Wood obviously
if they ignore the fact that he was an
alcoholic and he died penniless and you
know I'm sure he was a bit more of an
asshole at times on set than they
portray him in that sure sure so you
could do this kind of soft bestfriend
version of this movie but this doesn't
really work as that either because he do
have those awkward moments where he he
is an asshole on set
he's never an asshole or like
manipulative
outside of that the way he is in the
reality of the book so it's a sort of
like celebrate the room don't just go
watch the room then just go ash the room
I think the problem is just that as its
own thing it's not that good of a movie
yes clunky as its own thing you don't
really want to root for Tommy or you
don't really want to root for Greg
they're both sort of unlikable and Tommy
was Franco as Tommy it was it was okay
for me it wasn't great I liked it
because that was when I heard they were
making this movie I was like just cast
Tommy was so is himself like cuz I don't
want to see somebody doing an imitation
of taught me was so you can't do that
and so he doesn't seem to be doing a
direct it seems like he's just trying to
capture the essence of him without doing
it directs complete imitation which is
the way to do it sure um so I I did like
him a lot in the part and I don't really
like James Franco in most things but I
would love to see his performance of
Tommy was so in a completely different
version of this movie action I did not
hear I did not oh hi mark what doesn't
work if you're looking at the camera
it's a shame though cuz ironically we
saw this at the world famous oriental
theater in Milwaukee I I've seen the
room like I don't know four or five six
seven eight times all at the Oriental
the oriental theater and that's famously
when we went and met Tommy Wiseau we
show a little video about it he groped
me we tried to get Tommy to say you're
tearing me apart George Lucas he said he
knew the guys I know the guy and we
compromised on you tearing me apart
George
Jerry v-bar George and then that same
theater is where we saw the disaster all
these years later it's full circle it's
come full circle
seeing the disaster artist scene the
room of seventeen times I met Tommy
Wiseau and as I say on her commentary
close the book I was gonna say zip it up
close the book closing the chapter yes
the last chapter
so Mike would you recommend the room or
the disaster artists whatever we saw I
don't know I'm torn between saying if
you've never seen the room you might
enjoy this because I can't tell I don't
have that perspective and I never will
but as a person who's seen the room and
read most of the disaster artist I found
the movie a little frustrating because I
wanted it to be more like the book and
it made me want to go watch the room
again and so really like I kind of
wanted it to be over a lot of the time
so I think that might be at like a no
recommendation from me if you if you've
if you're a fan of the room and you're a
fan of the book I don't know it's hard
because I laugh at the parts when you
know they recreate the scenes and like
the the jokes about the the denny
character like how it was like it's like
how old is my character you're a little
boy how he keeps calling him little boy
how old you are now he's like well I'm
26 what are you 15 they saw Tommy has no
idea like I laugh at parts like that but
those are the parts that are in the
movie that are real yeah so the the
movie itself brought nothing new or
interesting or funny to the table yeah
the only thing that was funny or
interesting or worthwhile from the
disaster artists were the elements from
the room yes so just go watch the room I
think I would give it a mild
recommendation if you're a big fan of
the room because there are some amusing
moments that show the making of the room
but if you don't give a fuck about the
room or if you don't like the room then
no there's like nothing to gain from
watching this I did like James Franco a
lot more than I was expecting
so I'll give him some props but that's
about it
so you're going to give him a water
bottle oh I get it
hi doggie you know what Jay I think I'm
really looking forward to retirement
retirement that seems pretty far off I
mean it's not like we have a steady flow
of VCR repair work coming in well I
meant after the wedding after the
wedding what does our wedding have to do
with your retirement well I mean you
know you and mr. plinkus are starting a
new life together you guys are probably
gonna move away or something then and
I'll just go off by myself probably find
a nice beach somewhere relax have some
cocktails and you know just collect
those checks that are gonna be coming in
for me oh shit well it's getting late I
gotta get going
the liquor stores gonna be closing soon
and I got to stock up on beer for
tonight what's tonight Monday
