mother!
September 20, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2oUaPFlbW8
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/910524302142971905
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-mother

Half in the bag.
I can't stop watching movies.
thank you John
I'll have the deposit check to you by
next week yes yes extra oysters mr.
Plunkett likes them raw and slimy he
said he wants to feel the slime from the
raw oyster trickle down his gullet exact
words yes he's a classy gentleman and he
wanted to know if sweatpants are okay at
the four seasons he has a tuxedo yes I
bought him one for the wedding he just
will not wear it
he says sweatpants and/or track suits
okay once you talk to the hotel manager
you let me know tat ah what was that
about
you're fuckin gay wedding well now that
I've got my business phone call out of
the way I got the whole afternoon open I
know we're sitting on about 20 orders to
repair VCRs but I just don't feel like
doing that today I feel like talking
about a new movie I saw called mother Oh
mother you're talking about the the
biggest box-office hit of the year right
we should talk about mother mm-hmm
I'm very excited about the mother
cinematic universe that'll spawn in the
wake of this film's success it's nice to
see Jennifer Lawrence returning to her
superhero you know roots after the x-men
movies yes now she's back she's back in
the fold of superhero films with her new
superhero character mother young adult
novels yaa as they're called in the biz
mmm this this mother was based on a
young adult novel okay so moms and dads
out there if you have young girls who
were into The Hunger Games you take them
to see mother they're gonna love it
basically what we're saying is this is a
movie for everyone everyone can enjoy
this film which is why it's playing at
multiplexes around the nation paramount
said this is gonna be huge yeah so let's
let's delve into this I think we're more
fascinated by the fact that this got a
wide release than we are with the film
itself yes I was shocked because I saw
early on I was hearing about this movie
it's Darren Aronofsky it's supposed to
be kind of like shocking and intense and
then I saw the trailer and it kind of
had like a like a horror movie vibe and
I was like this I thought this was gonna
be like a smaller release like
independent theaters our house theaters
or whatever so I don't know I commend
Paramount Pictures for taking this route
of like taking a chance on releasing a
movie this sort of extreme and weird to
a wide audience but I have to wonder did
they really think this would be
something other than a flop I didn't
hate that I mean we haven't really
talked about the movie at all I didn't
hate the movie I have very mixed
feelings about it but I don't know what
they were thinking as far as like if
they thought they could trick people
into thinking it was a horror film or
one well yeah that's the worst thing you
could possibly do is to trick people and
I mean I unless you're really going to
and maybe this movie went over-budget I
mean there's a lot of things going on in
it I don't know we do have a kind of
egomaniac director at the helm so that
be an element of it I don't know what
Jay laws paycheck was maybe she worked
for free because she's in a romantic
relationship with Darren Aronofsky well
and mothered is definitely not a movie
made to fuel a directors ego this is an
audience film this is a movie made to
please a crowd right right well Jay
let's get this out of the way out of the
bat i I've seen a number of Darren
Aronofsky films but I've never I've
never seen him or heard him speak have
you now after seeing this film have you
looked in interviews yeah does it
explain a lot yeah his name was so it's
like it was like foreign and exotic like
Darren Aronofsky and I just pictured
some like no he's just like this
pretentious douchebag he you know what I
was like oh my god he sounds like like a
Brooklyn cab driver and it starts off as
one type of movie and then you think use
that type of movie and then it shifts
and it becomes another type of movie and
then it ships and become another type
movie yeah I'm a iron guy I've thought
about my make a movie about the earth or
something put some a religious shit in
there there's this thing called the
Bible and it's got a bunch of stories
you fares $22 and then I'm like I'm like
what the fuck and I look him up on
Wikipedia and he's like born in Brooklyn
yeah I'm like oh my god I have my my
accent power is exactly perfect like
this guy is a Brooklyn cab driver and
he's making movies and and and so I was
like and then the like the nonchalant
kind of way I was like don't talk about
it don't make this movie mother and just
don't do any press for it be mysterious
dude well I don't anything is I made a
movie I guess Jennifer Lawrence is like
mother earth
I turn the camera on and I do something
it really puts the movie in perspective
doesn't it it does when I started
working on the film I really wanted to
make this kind of allegory about mother
nature and our place and our connection
to our home and so I cast Jennifer
Lawrence as that spirit
then I had this breakthrough of bringing
in using to tell the story of humanity
the stories of the Bible
o know that the veil has been shredded
around Darren Aronofsky and his
mysterious artistic genius
now I know it's just a con job
see I knew that going in I I before seen
this movie I avoided anything like
specific about what it was about but I
had heard that it's very very
over-the-top and extreme and obvious and
I was like oh so it's a Darren Aronofsky
movie aside from the wrestler which is
my favorite movie he's done and maybe
one of my favorite movies ever that's a
very more kind of subdued and grounded
movie I've not seen that the rest are so
good but yeah Mickey Rourke is fantastic
in it and yeah it's very it gets a
little bit of the the sort of slightly
over-the-top emotional kind of you know
extreme stuff a tiny tiny bit okay
but in the the realm of darren aronofsky
it's pretty low but like Black Swan is a
movie I like a lot even though when I
saw it in the theater there was multiple
parts where I burst out laughing so
over-the-top I'm used to with dared
Aronofsky what I'm not used to is the
poor attempts at making a movie that is
entirely metaphorical and just
completely falling on your face I think
the best way I would describe this movie
it's like the when people talk about
Independence Day or like a Michael Bay
movie how they say you just gotta shut
your brain off and enjoy it this is the
arthouse version of that where if you
completely ignore the ham-fisted
obvious biblical metaphors which are not
there's not even any route like it's
open to your interpretation like no it's
very clear what he's doing and
apparently in interviews he's saying
that too I guess
if you ignore that if you ignore like
what this movie is supposed to really be
about and just look at it as this
nightmare of this poor woman who's just
as people keep showing up to her house
and it becomes this disaster it's
entertaining in that respect you just
have to ignore the intentions of the
filmmaker yeah I think I compared the
majority of it to the turn down for
music video there you go turn down so I
saw a couple quotes that were like this
movie is so fucking vile and just
despicable and it make you puke and and
I'm like oh my gosh so so yes that is a
possible marketing strategy just like
it's batshit off the chain go check it
out everybody you go to see this movie
but then after we saw it a person behind
us a couple rows just one that was a
bunch of shit no I think being someone
that was stupid that was stupid
yeah yeah yeah and yeah this is a movie
that doesn't really work for general
definitely doesn't work for general
audiences and I don't know how well it's
gonna work for people that are into more
arthouse stuff because it kind of fails
at that too Javier Bardem plays the the
poet or him I think he's credited as him
but he's a poet in the movies a writer
and Jennifer Lawrence is his new bride
and they are restoring a mansion that he
lived in that burned down or had a
horrible fire and she is lovingly
restoring the house while he has
writer's block that that is like the
surface level like real life kind of
shit that's the storyline then that
Harris shows up and he's like I'm a
doctor I'd like to stay here with you
and that his wife shows up the sun's the
and then um more and more people keep
showing up and it becomes a nightmare
and then it yeah for for her Jennifer
Lawrence is just like this this
pure-hearted doughy I like yeah she's
very passive and the more crazy the more
people show up the more the house gets
destroyed she's getting frustrated but
she's still you know kind of not doing
anything about it yeah so like why are
you coming here and destroying my house
yes so then it becomes painfully clear
that at some point everyone is just
allegorical yes this is a retelling of
the Bible
basically Javier Bardem is God Jennifer
Lawrence is mother nature mother nature
mixed with a little Virgin Mary yes well
that's that's there's a little bit of a
clash as far as what the metaphors are
supposed to be so we can get into that
but yeah mother nature slash Virgin Mary
the house
our earth at Harris is Adam Michelle
Pfeiffer is Eve's they have two sons
that show up and fight and one of them
gets killed there Cain and Abel Jennifer
Lawrence is pregnant she has a baby
that's Jesus all these people that start
to show up are religious people zealots
they start to well not all of them rose
elet's but they start to as they take
over the house there's different sort of
interpretations of Javier Bardem work so
then you have these fractions and then
Wars get fought in the house over that
he's essentially writing what I assume
is the Bible yes well there's his first
book that people like so you could say
that's the Old Testament and now he has
this new book out that people are
flocking to that's the New Testament
yeah and that's right around the time
the baby's born yeah this is the Jesus
and well we won't talk about that oh and
then at Harris's there before his wife
he shows up and he's sick and but
there's a couple little clues into like
like thinking about it after the fact
that Cain and Abel I'm like okay the two
brothers one of them kills the other
obviously that's that's Cain and Abel
and then there I mean there's also like
the the prodigal son biblical story but
one son is the good loyal son and the
one sons shitty yeah and comes back and
then the father forgives them anyways
like there's a couple of different
brothers II story lines in the Bible but
definitely I think that's Cain and Abel
because Cain the bad one that kills the
brother it says that he's left with a
mark on his forehead by God so God it an
early on Ed Harris before Michelle
Pfeiffer he's Adam she's eat before she
shows up he's staying overnight at their
house and they say oh he drank too much
and he's throwing up in the toilet and
Javier Bardem is like comforting him and
Jennifer Lawrence looks in and she looks
like he's got like a bruise on his side
by his ribs do you get it or do you get
it so so God takes a rib from Adam and
makes Eve who is Michelle Pfeiffer whose
show who's drunk all the time wants to
talk about panties because Eve was the
one that ruined Eden by taking a bite
from the Apple and blah blah blah but
yeah when like this movie kind of also
reminded me of the Matrix trilogy in a
way because there was lots of Al Gore
metaphorical things in that like you
know and then it's like and everything
resets yeah but at least on that it's I
mean those sequels suck but at least
that's telling its own story exactly
kind of the problem with this movie
that's not big big problem if it made me
think of and this is a weird comparison
but do you remember that movie identity
with John Cusack yes just like a 10
Little Indians thing or it's like you
have all these characters that they set
up and then halfway through the movie
spoilers for the shitty movie that
nobody remembers those characters are
all in the head of a crazy man
the guys like the guy with the guy with
the weird breathing yeah and it's like
okay so they're not real people but they
keep coming back to them as if we're
supposed to care about their fate and
it's like but they're not real I don't
give a shit and that's kind of the
problem with this is outside of the
metaphor there is no actual connection
to reality you can make your film an
allegory but like you said keep it
grounded in reality the first half of
this you're watching it and you're like
okay I'm with this this is getting weird
this it's what's going on and and based
on the trailers and people's reactions
like it gets fucking crazy and I'm like
okay is this gonna be like like a get
out like a movie like that where it
starts off normal and then you realize
I'm I was like okay or is um Ed Harris
and Michelle Pfeiffer they part of some
kind of weird satanic cult are they
gonna try and sacrifice or her baby to
Satan something something like that
gonna happen that's kind of like kind of
whorish but still very mundane and basic
you know like still gross and creepy but
weird and then and then once it starts
to fall apart like like when all the
people there's at one moment where she's
trying to paint her walls right she's
very very meticulous about the color
they show her like tweak the color a
little and it's very something that's
very important to her yeah and then the
crazy people like they have like a
funeral party there and there's like
hundreds of people running around they
show people like with paint rollers
they're just like we decide to paint
your walls yes I wanna fuck your fucking
up my mouth right I
painting with with a path with like a
thing and I'm just being very very
careful about it and very very loving
and and they're just like paint rollers
and so I'm like okay this is a nightmare
she's gonna wake up nope it just keeps
going well and at that point at that
point I'm just like man I'm checking out
because I once the reality button the
reality off
reality off button is hit yeah well I'm
gone it's it's for me it's more that it
was just so ham-fisted and obvious as
far as the the metaphor goes like okay
we're retelling the Bible got it but you
have to have that extra layer where it
still works as its own story and that's
what this was missing yeah I mean you
look at it like one of my favorite
movies is Eraserhead abstract very
surreal but it's surreal within its
worlds almost like a like a science
fiction film like you don't look at a
science fiction film to see our reality
there's you know weird aliens and crap
but that's the world of the movie
Eraserhead
has its own world and it's telling its
own story this movie is not telling a
story it's just doing a metaphorical
retelling of the Bible and I don't know
it's like to what end to me it was more
environmental than biblical because
biblical was just sort of like I'll
pluck this and this story in this story
to kind of make characters and and drama
happen sure it just feels like a like a
clash to me oh definitely definitely
using to tell the story of humanity the
stories of the Bible
do you get it do you get it do you get it
good performances mostly all around I
like I really like the way Javier Bardem
played the part because he's essentially
like an egotistical artist asshole
Darren Aronofsky
stand-in and but he plays it very like
like calm like when she's like stay with
me don't go back out there with all the
crazy people and he's like well I just
want to go to ghost you know talk to
them there he there they're happy to see
me like he's very like almost oblivious
to how much of an egotistical asshole he is
I loved that is nice scene at Harris and
I can't think of the last time I saw him
in something Michelle Pfeiffer I haven't
seen him forever she's really good at
everybody's good in it Jennifer Lawrence
is adequate I don't know if you can make
a supercut with the trailer but she
basically has the same expression
through the whole movie
the wildermann yeah so which is kind of
the point
I mean she's supposed to be sort of
passive but I don't know man especially
towards the end like I mean cuz she goes
through a lot like physically it's a
demanding role especially as it goes
along
but like you got a really go for it and
and it's more sort of like the movie
works in spite of her because she's kind
of OneNote I was picturing like like for
a movie that gets this heightened and
over the top it reminded me of one of my
favorite movies is called possession
from 1981 it's Sam Neill and Isabelle
Adjani
and it's similar in the sense that it
gets so over the top that it borders on
farcical but in that movie it works
because the performances are so great
and and Isabelle Adjani
specifically is so like fearless there's
even people that haven't seen the movie
there's this famous scene that people
know about where she like loses her mind
in a subway tunnel and she's flailing
around she's throwing groceries and she
just is like laying on the ground and
screaming it's really over the top in a
way that works for the material and I
was waiting for Jennifer Lawrence to
kind of reach that point and she never
does there's even the part when she's
like getting the word spoilers right
she's getting the shit beat out of her
and people are like tearing at her
clothes and calling her like a slut and
a whore and like you should be kind of
wrecked by the end of that scene like as
an audience member and instead I just
felt like I was watching Jennifer
Lawrence with makeup on like she didn't
really she didn't go for it she wasn't
going as Extreme as I think something
like that called for which in addition
to the fact that these aren't real
characters that kind of helps or that
kind of prevents you from getting
invested as well that definitely harms
your investment but I mean I wouldn't
blame her entirely yet it might be the
direction I might be the direction
because like she's playing mother earth
and they keep cutting to her like she
touches the house and they show the
heart of the earth
and over time it happens like three or
four times it gets like more and more
black and dead do you get it yeah and so
mother I think that the the point was
that she
ever got super angry ever is the fact
that mother earth is forgiving up until
apoy right and then like the the labor
pains from her baby are sort of like her
getting angrier and angrier and then but
yeah after what happens at the end
happens she does get mad but it it you
don't feel it you know that it's not
real life this is me speaking it's not
real I don't care anymore
yeah I just want to here turn down for
what soundtrack and it works as like a
really good visual representation of
what an actual dream is like it was
interesting cuz cuz it's like he brings
down his book and he's like reading my
book or whatever he wrote was brilliant
work of art right and she reads it says
it's here and and she's like it's
brilliant and he's like yes my my
publishers on the phone how does your
publisher read it already you know
yeah there's no escalation of time yes
it goes on throughout the movie yeah but
the the time factor and that happens in
dreams yeah well and then when you get
towards the end when it's like more and
more people show up and now there's she
goes upstairs and when she comes back
down it's like a completely different
situation that's happening it's got even
more out of control as far as like
people fighting the
stream-of-consciousness kind of like
that's saying all that stuff is great if
you ignore what the movie is supposed to
be about and and the movies simplistic
message is people are shitty to the
earth it's almost like it makes you feel
like like like a little kid in and like
sixth grade the earth was a beautiful
place until mankind came and started
smashing it up and ruining it yeah
that's the best this is my science
report well that's why I was thinking
after the movie I was like this is the
the most expensive student film ever
made
it's such a student film concept I
remember I remember being in film school
and there's a kid that showed his film
it was just like shots of tree branches
and the teacher is like what's with the
tree branches
and he just goes it represents human
frailty and as its like okay what's your
point like you can say it represents
something but you also have to have a
point on top of that mankind bad ruin
earth got it yeah okay yeah what do we
want should we all kill ourselves
there's a fucking a billion of us on the
planet
yeah can we talk about the baby okay
we're talking about the baby now with
spoilers spoilers what definitely
spoilers and definitely we've already
spoiled most of the movie shut this off
if you want to hear grotesque stuff yeah
I think cuz people are saying the movie
gets so extreme and grotesque it's
really just this one aspect which is the
babies born babies sacrificed and eaten
by people which is pretty fucking
horrific but yeah I'm desensitized to
all this crap but so I can understand
someone just on a basic level of seeing
that being you know freaked out or
grossed out or offended by it but in the
context of the movie you know it just
felt like sheep shock value I mean I
understand the point it's Jesus and it's
you've communion where you're drinking
his blood and all that but I don't know
it felt like extreme for the sake of it
yeah religious really this symbolism
thing more so the the eating it was like
the the people who killed him like the
crucifixion and then it's like he's like
you must forgive him so it's it's it's
weirdly and that's like it epitomizes
and that baby eating scene where I'm
just watching it and like yeah yeah I
shouldn't have that reaction to a baby
being slaughtered and eaten yeah so it's
well and it's just like taken to such
like an errand offski does this all the
time I mean I recommend for a dream is a
great movie but it's also you can almost
look at it as like a contemporary reefer
madness as far as how over-the-top it
gets with the drug aspects and here like
the the crowd is like surfing the baby
and it's not that's not enough you guys
see the babies piss flying into the air
cuz it's scared it's like yeah but at
the same time that that lack of
restraint is what makes the movie
interesting in certain respects I mean
like like a especially early on when
more people start to show up before it
gets like really crazy just like this is
like making me
outside of what it's supposed to mean
it's just making me anxious yeah I I I
prefer the first half of the film before
things went batshit crazy because I like
the performances and I like the the the
feeling that you got from it the the
anxiety what's exist what exactly is
happening oh and that's the the way the
movies shot contributes that to it's
lots of close-ups it's very
claustrophobic
I loved the the look of it as far as the
the lighting it's very minimal so many
movies now it's well do you think it's
ugly in a bad way like I was fine with
that so many contemporary movies just
look like like TV shows they look so
over lit you know and this is something
that feels more you could tell it was
shot on film - yeah had that looked to
it it had that kind of grainy like
similar to the wrestler I think was shot
on 16 millimeter so that's really grainy
I don't think this was but similar kind
of style as far as lots of like in the
wrestler there's lots of shots that are
following Mickey Rourke kind of like
from his from his back so it's almost
like you're following behind him and
there's a lot of that in this too so I
don't know man like I would say anything
you've read about this movie critically
like good or bad they're right this
movie defies any sort of conventional
some critical analysis it is what it is
I I commend Paramount to a certain
extent for having the balls to put
something like this out there yeah on
such a wide release dumb decision on
their part but hey at least they're
taking a risk yeah and I wish it was at
the surface of a better movie that's why
I think it's great we're doing this
movie on our show it'd be great if we've
both really loved it
yeah but it's a shame that there's going
to be a lot of people out there that go
into this going oh is it Jennifer
Lawrence film that was the worst shit
I've ever seen I'm only watching then
they're turned off yeah I'm not watching
mother anymore I'm only watching
Mother's Day that wonderful picture by
Gary Martin that features people I know
saying cliched things that warms your
heart I'm only watching that anymore not
taking any more chances with weirdo
stuff no take chances with weirdo stuff
sometimes you'll find great things and
that's I think mother as has has Aten
that fetus in a bad way well I feel like
there's also it's almost like people
have been conditioned where there's like
this divide like look at something like
The Shining from 1980 like a super
popular movie and like no one would go
see that fucking movie if it was
released today that's true like it like
there used to be kind of a mix in the
the larger studio movies used to get
like a Stanley Kubrick you'd still get
dumb flock a lot of times it was more
thoughtful dumb schlock than a lot of
the stuff now but it's like over time
there's just been this wedge between
kind of more thoughtful movies and the
really dumb stuff mmm where like I know
people like cuz I was talking about it
last time and how like they have to go
for the big cheap jump scares and it's
like you compare that to something like
the witch which I didn't see it in the
theater but I heard that during some of
the more you know kind of scary parts
people were in the theater we're
laughing because they've been so
conditioned that something like it is
what they're supposed to be scared by
you know the big loud stuff as opposed
to something a little more quiet so and
this isn't us being elitist because
obviously we see all the Marvel movies
and enjoy some of them as well but it's
really just a matter of like how much
thought is put into the movie and how
much you can tell with some of these
movies the the kind of studio mentality
of like making dumb make it obvious make
it play to the widest possible audience
I think that they they were banking on
me they go see it you got to check this
shit out it's fucking wild people who
just watch it and just for the visceral
emotional like just this is crazy shit
yeah and we we look at something a
little more
what were they trying to do with this
and why why it didn't work and so I
think paramount was banking on the the
mass audience of people going for the
the word of mouth it's batshit crazy
kind of thing and there's gonna be a
whole bunch of disappointed grandmas I
like that Jennifer Lawrence oh my god
might I suggest a prank to any of your
family members I think you know what it
is just tell them to go watch mother say
it's it's the new Jennifer Lawrence film
yes directed by Garry Marshall oh that's
food here Jennifer Lawrence plays a
loving housewife and Javier Bardem is
trying to write his novel in their
summer home in the in the field and stay
if some unruly houseguests what's gonna
happen tell grandma your aunts you know
to go check it out and then send their
angry phone call to voicemail you fucker
how could you do this to Nami you're
getting $5 in your birthday card this
year as opposed to Ted you fuck check
out mother or down or don't it doesn't
matter
