Aug 16, 2017
Annabelle Creation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_HrR5X72_LM
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/897886068766330881
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154928472757634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-annabelle-creation

Half in the bag.
I stood on my scale yesterday, and it said one at a time, please.
oh my god Mike Mike wake up alright
we overslept we were supposed to be up
four weeks ago Charlie my god we miss
reviewing a whole bunch of big summer
movies let's get to the theater okay
let's go right now well we're back
there's a lot of time spent at the movie
theater today J it was worth it though
because it was hot out and the theater
has air conditioning and popcorn
so Jay what did you think of war for the
Planet of the Apes it was alright so
Mike what did you think of atomic blonde
yeah it was okay okay that we ate well
Jay what did you think of Dunkirk it was
alright so Mike what did you think of
the Dark Tower it was only 90 minutes so
Jay what did you think of the emoji
movie oh my god Mike the emoji movie
looks so terrible that I willingly gave
Sony my money so I could exaggerate my
outrage in a YouTube video click here
for the review just like Ghostbusters
2016 Oh what what oh well Janek were
finally caught up with dismissively
reviewing all the big summer movies oh
great hey do you want to talk
extensively about the Annabelle prequel
finally it's here Annabelle creation
nothing makes me think of scary movies
more than mid-august
from the director of lights out David F
Sandberg we finally have the prequel
backstory to the Annabelle doll we've
all been waiting for
wait didn't we already see that yes but
this is a prequel to that sequel prequel
ooh
prepare to be bored
I mean scared as many things will happen
in this film from the start to the end
I'm so scared so Jay what are your
initial thoughts on Annabelle creations
I thought it was slightly better than
the first one but that's not saying a
whole lot I thought it was mostly pretty
dull and all the scare moments are
incredibly predictable I think I like
the first one more really but although I
don't remember it
well that's not a good sign of no but
but I was reminded of it because the
ending of this has a callback to the
first Annabelle movie and so I was like
oh yeah yeah yeah
and then people had it Dahlin on an
apartment was Naomi Watts in it
no that wasn't shut in that was a
completely different movie no one was in
the first movie kind of like how no
one's in this movie well no that's not
true Miranda Otto from the Lord of the
Rings in this and what an easy paycheck
for her she gets done the whole movie in
bed they told her she was making of the
new rebooted female Phantom of the Opera
and she thought that would be great
inspiration for little girls all over
the world finally have a female Phantom
of the Opera and then she signed on and
said oh it's an anabolic well I'll be in
bed how about my characters crippled but
the scene doesn't take place I'll be in
bed do you want me in your movie bring
the camera into the bedroom I don't want
to show my fucking face it was actually
her house
oh okay it lives on a dilapidated dusty
farmhouse that looks like the setting
for a horror movie and yeah that's a
it's a very wonderful coincidence it
worked out really well for everyone now
but let's delve into the backstory and
the the circumstances surrounding this
wonderful new Annabelle sequel prequel
so you mean we're going to get into the
stuff that's more interesting than the
actual movie yes yes we're going to talk
about the actual movie and kind of get
into why it's dull sure and terrible but
let's talk about director David F
Sandberg J you have a little history
with him wait what what the hell oh yeah
well as David F Sandburg also directed
lights out which we did not do on half
in the bag I didn't see it till much
later and someone on Twitter a while
back had asked me hey what do you think
of lights out you didn't talk about it
on half on the bag
and before I even responded to that
someone else said yeah I was curious
what you thought I was hoping you'd do
it on half on the bag and I think I was
in line at like the grocery store or
something so that's the only time I ever
check my Twitter's when I'm bored and so
just does this like I thought it was
boring as fuck because there's too much
backstory to the monster which makes it
not scary and then the second person
that had asked me about it
that's too bad well at least I know you
saw my movie and that's when I realized
who's talking to the director of lights
out wait what what the hell I did not
apologize profusely though because I
still thought I was a boring movie yeah
you you don't like or dislike him
personally you don't know him ah well no
that's the thing is like I looked into
him afterwards because there was this
guy and I found his YouTube page and
he's just some guy that's been making
these like short little horror vignettes
with his girlfriend or his wife in their
apartment just sort of random ideas and
that's how lights out eventually got
made it was just a short thing yeah and
I guess that got the attention of
someone in Hollywood and they said
you're a little 2 minutes short or so
much shuts the light off and there's a
spooky silhouette is great why don't you
direct a feature film expand that 2
minute idea into a 90 minute feature
film yes and that's the problem with
this short is that like oh this is a
spooky little scenario because we don't
understand what's happening and that's
what made it creepy and then you expand
it to a feature and you find out the
backstory of what that spooky so it is
and it's like oh it's a little girl with
a skin condition that's not scary lights
out
don't breathe and hush ha ha I'll blend
into the same movie ok for me but I
think my pout is it's basically the
drumlin from gremlins 2 who has
electricity powers right is that's
essentially the plot no wasn't it wasn't
it a lady was given a like shock therapy
on a brain like a radical treatment and
it turned her into an electricity ghost
I swear the fuck I'm gonna be honest
with you I don't remember that something
happened at the end where it wasn't it
wasn't a demon no I was a little girl to
skin condition but I was like spooky
ghost but but I think they they gave her
a shock therapy that was a weird
experimental shock there remember they
had that real like whoever the
protagonist wasn't and movie put like a
film reel on and then it's like hi I'm
dr. so-and-so and I'm crazy I'm gonna
explain the plot to you I'm trying this
crazy new electric shock therapy to cure
this girl from her skin condition okay
outside
yeah sunlight would like kill her right
so so he tried this crazy electric shock
therapy thing and then that made her
crazy
and died and then she turned into
electricity goes I could be
misremembering the fuck but my point is
that it was not supernatural but it was
more of a scientific evil plot if I hear
right it will and it has a good hook if
nothing else like that trailer is
scarier than the movie the shutting
light out silhouette in the door when
the light goes out like that's creepy
image what does the movie where the
mother and the daughter this may be the
same movie where the mother is
pretending to be like a spiritualist or
a psychic and the daughter that's the
idea or Genevieve Joel I'm human okay
they're all the same everything is said
in 1950 I wasn't sure it was well the
backstory maybe was fifties but it was
sent the past 60s 50s and 60s everything
sent the past and is a prequel now and
this is a house an old Victorian mansion
that has dust everywhere
and a lady in a 1950's dress and a
little girl
okay so David f Sandburg directed that
film and we did not review it I don't
remember like being true passionate or
dispassionate about it I wrong thing I
it was well-made I have no problems with
his visuals or anything is if I didn't
care about the story which is the
problem with Annabelle as well yes but
then let's move on to phase 2 of our
prequel pre discussion okay I said that
right we're going to talk about the
Rotten Tomatoes score on this film and
let's talk about Rotten Tomatoes just a
little bit yes
Rotten Tomatoes there's a war on Rotten
Tomatoes by the studio's going on right
now there they're convinced that Rotten
Tomatoes is why all their movies are
flopping and as nothing to do with their
movies being terrible run tomatoes I'm
sure doesn't help but we noticed the
weird thing with this animal what's the
name of smoovies Annabel creation and
about creation there's a weird thing
where for about two weeks before the
movie came out it sat at a hundred
percent there was like how many of like
maybe 80 sixteen reviews and they were
all positive and it sat at a hundred
percent
and that was the only reviews and then
it was like a second embargo lifted and
immediately that started to drop but for
two straight weeks BAM
100% Anabelle creation 100% and so we
don't have any definitive answers on
this but we were wondering why there
would be an embargo on some reviews and
not others yeah if it's a studio tactic
which is a clever tactic so fine 16:15
reviewers who had reviewed a similar
film very positively in the past invite
them to a special screening give them
some cake and some punch maybe a free
Annabelle doll take yours free Annabelle
doll and again a swag bag filled with
one brothers merchandise and then um you
know shake their hand at the end of the
screening and go you thought it was
great right mr. or mrs. so-and-so at
this address with two children who
attended public school and walk home by
themselves at 3 p.m. you liked the film
right and then then it comes out two
weeks ahead of time it sits at 100%
around tomatoes and goes oh I heard it's
like it's like pre word-of-mouth yes and
that may or may not be what happened
that's not what we're saying we're
saying that's a clever tactic because
either that if your movies crappy or you
don't pre screen for Criswell and even
the idea of it not being pre-screened
for critics has a stigma about it to
people here is I at and they say I guess
maybe not like the average person but
people that are into movies hear that
and they say oh that means it's probably
bad
so you screen the movie ahead of time
but really that I haven't seen too many
movies that were screened for select
critics and then allowed their reviews
to be posted yeah well the embargo
lifted I think just a day or two before
the movie came out which is kind of what
they do for movies where they don't want
advanced reviews yeah when they think
the movies going to get shit reviews so
this is a weird and unique and
unprecedented situation where there's
just these handful of reviews for
several weeks before the movie comes out
that just so happened to all be positive
right it's weird and it's suspect and we
don't have any answers
it's something that we noticed if
anybody knows anything about this and if
there's any sort of studio related
shenanigans behind it I would be very
curious to know yeah and then this movie
still has like the red tomato it's still
it's not certified fresh' it but it's
red and it's like 68% which in school is
a deep plum so it's not any terrible
review no well that's that's the other
thing to point out with Ron tomatoes is
that a lot of people don't seem to
understand it it's not like oh it's a
tomato that means it's good like it's
not that simplistic it's just sort of an
average so especially with the Sanibel
creation review a lot of those and I try
to avoid reviews before we talk about
the movies but a lot of them could just
be like that's okay yeah because not the
most glowing review but it's a tomato
technically falls on the tomato side and
that's that's probably going to be our
review I was bored
I found many problems I mainly the lack
of story but if I were to say positives
I'd say some creepy visuals here and
there you know like well shot well lit
you know the little blood like a spooky
horror movie and then because I had a
couple positive things and so really
yeah it's not it's not the most accurate
tool I mean maybe if you're down at like
6 percent like the emoji movie it's a
safe it's safe to lean and me this
movie's probably shit right category but
when you're in the middle you never know
I've seen movies that were in the middle
range so I really loved and some are
really hate it so it's hard to say and
it's now it's starting to the studios
are fighting back apparently where it
seems like they're trying to manipulate
the system to try and make it work in
their favor
yeah I don't blame them I mean it would
suck if you know you worked really hard
on this movie and it comes out and five
days before it screens it has this that
green tomato at 10% and then everybody
sees that and you know at least give the
movie a chance and let word-of-mouth
negative word-of-mouth work but I don't
know
well
so David F Sandberg got to make lights
out by making a short YouTube video
roughly two minutes
someone saw yeah just two minutes long
someone saw it and said hey let's expand
that into a feature and that's
interesting because David's F Sandberg
is the face of a new contest hi I'm
David if Sandberg director of Annabelle
creation and I have some really exciting
news my Annabel creation and I came
across this and I was like oh what's
this
my Annabel creation and make a two
minute short horror film in in the vein
in the universe of the conjuring
universe well now I want you to create
your own short horror film inspired by
James wands the condom universe for a
chance to win a trip to Los Angeles
where you will get to meet with New Line
Cinema and me that's the prize to meet
with them well that sounds like a like a
great opportunity you know you make this
short film and then I like a look what
happened to David F Sandberg you know
you made his little two-minute You Tube
short it got expanded into a feature
exactly I found it very beneficial to
the filmmaker yeah and so I looked at
this and I said hey this looks like fun
maybe maybe we'll make a short film well
we have an Annabelle doll somehow I
think someone sent that to us when the
conjuring came out yet Oh miss me how's
the conjuring to tag on it so in
theaters July 19 so we have an Annabelle
doll I thought hey maybe we could make a
funny funny wacky short and submit it
for fun and then I said wait a minute
I might be a smart guy and I'm going to
read the contract so go check out the
official rules and submit your short at
this website
what happened when you read the contract
Mike well apparently nobody else read
the contract but me no maybe not even
David F Sandberg you might be ashamed of
himself for promoting this I have some
really exciting news so I have a
contract here and this is this is the
part that that interested me okay each
entrant and then entrant is the person
that enters the contest agrees that in
addition to the license granted above
sponsor which is Warner Brothers or any
of the sponsors parents affiliates or
subsidiaries may upon written notice to
the entrant at any time within
approximately three months of the
verification of the winner in this
contest so they mean if you win the
contest they have three months to kind
of make a decision about this thing okay
acquire from entrant an exclusive and
irrevocable option to purchase all right
title and interest in and to his or her
entrance content in exchange for 50 US
dollars provided that a the option will
remain exercisable for a period of not
fewer than three years during the option
period sponsor will have the right to
develop derivative works or otherwise
explore possible exploitation of the
rights that would be granted to it
pursuant to the option so we're going to
take your idea we own it and we don't
have to give you anything in addition to
that this isn't like we'll have you make
the feature film we're basically saying
we have three years to do whatever they
want with your idea as long as they give
you fifty bucks well
fifty bucks in the event that sponsor
executes sits option the sole and
exclusive consideration provided to
entrant in exchange for the purchase of
all rights in his or her entrant content
will be an additional fifty US dollars
we're at a hundred bucks now J oh my god
that's big money for the big studios
stealing your idea there
feeling anybody's idea J don't don't
don't slander they're buying the idea
for $50 all right possible you know 50
is for the option no means they hold it
for three years and they have the option
to do something and you can't do
anything with that idea during those
three years and then in those three
years if they decide to make into a
future film you'll be compensated with
another 50 bucks whoa you get your facts
right for the purpose of clarity and
without limiting the foregoing entrant
understands that should sponsor take and
execute the option described here
sponsor will own all rights in the
entrance video and may adapt it into a
feature film without any obligation to
further compensate entrant this is a
great contest and very beneficial to the
people entering it oh you mean the other
way around
Oh for a chance to win a trip to Los
Angeles where you'll get to meet with
New Line Cinema and me if neither mr.
Sandburg nor a sponsor selected
executive from New Line Cinema is
available to participate in the meeting
on the sponsor appointed date the
portion of the prize will not be awarded
and no substitute or replacement will be
provided and lastly it says nothing in
these Official Rules or any option
agreement executed by the parties will
obligate sponsor to exercise or exploit
any of the rights granted to it meaning
like they decide they don't like your
idea they're not legally bound to do
something with it it sounds like you
make a two minute long for movie idea a
la David Sandberg with lights out yes
you submit it to us if you win this
contest your prizes will fly out to LA
you can meet with the director and/or
the directors not available somebody at
Warner Brothers doesn't even say who is
an executive it could be some some
intern to be the guy to get to coffee
yeah and it just says you'll meet with
them anything hey we'd really love to
short you're really good at making them
movies okay get back on your plane
and then they they can take your idea
and turn it into a movie without
compensating you more than 50 bucks stay
classy Warner Brothers
well Jay I think we talked a lot about
more interesting things directly with
Rotten Tomatoes conspiracies bogus
contests conspiracies you people big
studios fucking people over you and
David Sandberg your your personal
relationship which goes back ways we're
like this now because we had an awkward
encounter on Twitter once the film opens
with Annabel being made by a kindly old
man who sounds like Liam Neeson James we
told you not to use that room that was
Anthony LaPaglia I don't think I've seen
him in a movie in like 20 years I don't
know where he's been he brought all the
stars out they didn't build he's
building the Annabelle doll in a barn
and then he makes custom makes toys in
his little small town and I think his
little daughter like okay daughters no I
was gonna die it did happen
way more abruptly and almost comically
than I was expecting because yeah it's
we see them there at home and then they
go to church and under leave in church
and then their car breaks down on the
side of the road and it doesn't feel
like there's any sort of buildup we're
just sort of seeing these things happen
and then like one of the lug nuts from
the car falls into the road for no
discernible reason the daughter runs to
grab it I don't know why she would care
and on a car just connect into her cut
Anabel creation and it's just so like
abrupt and awkward it was very weird
it's contrary to most ghost stories I
was really expecting because the film
opens with Annabelle she's playing a
little game with her dad like come find
me she leaves a little note under the
door yeah which is a reference to the
real-life Annabelle doll I think oh
really
wrote notes and left in places the
real-life Annabelle doll has a cameo at
the end of this which looks just like a
Raggedy Ann doll yeah and I think the
worst thing it did was made a knocking
sound and I moved around not quite but
yeah I think that's a reference to that
but then you have the dad and the
daughter kind of like goofing around the
living room the mom comes in and she's
like don't be goofing around and then
there's a little thing which is I'm just
kidding let's all have fun and I from
the moment the mother walked
all the moms going to be weird if you
have a special bond with the dad they
both kind of issues of the moms like the
ring is numb what happened their mom
throws the girl down the well something
like that and again because she goes
crazy and she kills the girl in the well
and so I thought was gonna be something
like that where has more of a emotional
spiritual thing with a girl so that
would kind of leave her spirit stay
behind some sort of tragedy but then she
just gets hit by a car you know like the
daughter first
yes or like any of these people I guess
you're supposed to like the parents
because they get along with the daughter
I mean they're going for something there
but that's it for the rest of the movie
we don't really care about anybody the
two then then we get a busload of girls
like what 12 years later or something
and now their house is like a boarding
house I guess or like an orphanage
shaking a particular an orphanage
yeah so this busload of war fans show up
we don't get to know any of them except
for the two main girls which have like a
sisterly bond they're not literally
sisters but one has like a gimp leg and
those two actresses are really good I
thought they were both pretty solid one
of them was from we just origin of evil
which just like this movie it's a
prequel to a shitty movie so they were
fine I guess we don't really get to know
much about them but they get to the
house and then some key things happen
for 90 minutes
yeah there's no the only plot element
they only reveal is kind of like when
the nun goes into Miranda Otto's bedroom
and she's got her Phantom of the Opera
mask on yeah and she says what's it up
with the doll bitch
and she's like uh well here's some hair
some exposition prayed to you another
girl again wanted permission to the
vigil doll so that experience forever
but the thing is it's not really even a
reveal because what she reveals is the
doll is possessed by a spooky demon
which we already know well okay I guess
it's supposed to be oh it's not
Annabelle but we know that yeah well we
know that because she's doing evil
things right a reason for the little
girl to be evil but yeah so there's
multiple things happening of the spooky
nature you got the doll which visually
looks spooky then we see the ghost of
Annabelle which is not really Annabelle
there's a demon so the parents felt so
grief-stricken by the death of their
daughter that they prayed to Jebus let
can we have our daughter back and then
when that didn't work they switched to
the black art and I prayed to the devil
or any power that in the universe I
could possibly bring their daughter back
we didn't see that montage of them
praying to all sorts of other gods and
other monsters and demons is that we'll
skip all that Derek Logan Hindu robe and
then so the doll is never really
possessed that is she in the movie that
was my problem with the first Annabelle
and that's my problem with this one is
if you're gonna make a spooky doll movie
make a spooky doll movie the doll is is
incidental it doesn't have anything to
do with anything this is a demon movie
just like the conjuring movies just like
the insidious movies there's a doll
there but it's not like the doll is the
only conduit like that's the only way
that demon can do anything right because
we see like
there's a scarecrow and the Scarecrow
starts to move at one point and then we
just see the demon at certain points the
demon just does things even can do
whatever what can do it there's no rules
which I know my complaint about lights
out is that they explain too much
backstory but this one there's there's
no backstory and there's no rules and
that's a problem - yeah when you're
making a feature film where you have to
know what to be scared of yes yes I I am
a big proponent of rules in your horror
films I I think it completely depends on
the movie but this is such a like
traditionally structured like spooky
studio release tour film right like you
got to give us something to grasp on -
yeah I mean what are like there's the
part where the dad is hole number
crucifix at the demon and the demon so
it's like breaking his fingers to get
his hands off the crucifix yeah and then
the demon at the ends like shattering
the house of course and it's like what
are its powers again imitations we don't
know right because yeah he has a
crucifix he has a religious symbol of
the doll and the demon is just like yeah
whatever breaks fingers but then at the
end they thoroughly demon into a closet
that has Bible pages on the door and
can't get out of that I guess so I nod
why one enough he also her rules you
can't just have spooky things happen
that make no sense
well that's the thing with the director
is is his his thing is I'm setting up
this the spooky visual this thing's
gonna and and it's all very predictable
it's like okay now things can happen
like I was like like going okay I was
like now when I'm watching the movie the
girl closed his closet door the dolls in
the door or behind the door she walks
away there's lots of negative space on
this side of the frame I'm like and door
opens and a lot of that stuff I mean
some things were unpredictable but a lot
of things are just bang right loud noise
well the things that were unpredictable
were unpredictable because they didn't
really make any sense they set up
there's a to situations that were set up
in the movie or as like ooh this could
pay off in a cool way
one is the girl with the gimpy leg she's
like oh why is my bedroom upstairs how
am I going to get upstairs and then they
established that there's a
whatever that is like a mechanized chair
this is Eagle mrs. deagle chair that's
the official name for it it looked like
ooh you could do some spooky stuff with
that where she's going up at night and
then it gets stuck or something and she
sees a demon coming towards her kind of
dudes they kind of did it but then
nothing happens like like oh she's going
up the stairs and there's the demon at
the top of stairs oh oh the demons gone
and then she sits there for a minute and
then the demon just pulls her out of a
chair and that's the end of that scene
it wasn't like anything clever about it
or scary because it was just sort of
like oh he just pulled her out of the
chair okay yeah even something much more
basic where she's sitting in the chair
she's going downstairs in the chair and
then it just stops and then and then
starts slowly going back up and there's
a demon at the top stairs thing and I
get you
and she just slowly going up click on
the button I can shut it out I guess
what oven and she's almost a demon I
think yeah and then someone flips the
lights on and everything's okay right
it's like where you're out you get the
basic build up and game you have no
control and there's a lots of build ups
and releases in this movie and lots of
like whoa go away but it's the rules
it's the rules in the logic the
Annabelle doll has very little to do in
the film there's a demon running around
its kind of thing where the demon is
there in the beginning but decides to
not do anything super super crazy until
the end for no reason yeah that's that's
all these movies although we all get to
do that and then obviously you do that
because you have that things happen at
the end of your movie so they have the
crazy build-up but usually it's
motivated by something and then at a
certain point the demon will just
possess the main girl because it has
that power to I guess well she don't say
I'll swallow your soul how about this
it's cliched and terrible but the demon
needs to eat five Souls and when it does
it has enough strength to open a rift to
help some some something sure some sort
of little thing that's going to happen
yeah or we find out we find out the nun
has like a secret bad backstory I was
waiting for that they established
there's a photo of her when
like some other nuns early on and then
he's like who's that and it's the nun
from the conjuring too so and I thought
maybe that was going to tie in but it
doesn't it's just a reference to the
conjuring to because I think they're
making a non movie now to the demon goes
nun I forget a name nun I know your dark
secret yeah disappears and then so
what's going on with a nun it felt like
like a Disney horror movie yeah there
was some blood I mean there's there's
some slit throats and the character
that's ripped in half we don't see a
ripped in half but you see the aftermath
of it but yeah it all felt very just
everything about it but really like safe
and predictable as far as scares go
I kept thinking like while watching this
I had the shining kept popping in my
head I don't know why because that's a
really great horror movie made well yeah
but something with like I don't know the
dad walking around being creepy and I
was like like can you imagine like a
horror film maker from like the 70s or
the 80s like watching this and going
this is what's horror it felt like a
g-rated film yeah it felt like Little
Orphan Annie like with with a couple of
like blood drips on the ground now I'm
like when is this Annabelle doll going
to start offing these orphans well
that's the thing too is I knew that was
going to happen because they're all
little I mean technically yes they kill
a little girl to begin to the movie but
that's sort of the setup for it but I
never thought any of these little girls
were in any real danger they introduced
the older ones I was waiting for them to
get killed like the only reason they're
in here is to get killed right right
exactly there and then they're being
mean to the one girl go play
hide-and-seek and let's talk about boys
and giggle and so like okay there's a
dialogue that was clearly written by a
40 year old man he ain't right area none
of it felt like little girls speak but
yeah so I'm like when are like and they
even have that elongated sequence where
the one girl is in the barn and the
Scarecrow man is being possessed by a
demon and she's trying to fix the light
bulbs and
this girl's gonna get killed em and she
she just gets spooked almost felt like a
reshoot she cornered and she prays like
Oh Lord Jesus help me and then and then
her friend just comes out of nowhere and
goes come on and then I'm like where
where did her friend come what what in
the end yeah I bet you that that girl
got her head ripped off and then the
studios is move so Mike would you
recommend Annabelle
what's it call Annabelle creation fuck's
sake Jay it's let it bleed in my brain
before even enters it uh nope I would
not this live is boring and needed more
music and needed to be cut faster as our
forty nine minutes it clearly could have
been forty nine really yeah good about a
hind II it could have been eighty but
the long you drag something out that
automatically creates tension just
having something be silent and someone
walk around instant engines creaky
floorboards you know those little sounds
going on in the background like that
makes it scary but I can't imagine
watching this film with the theater
filled with like antsy teenagers on
their cell phones because they would be
bored limbo I would not I might be I
might have been a little more lenient on
this movie if it came out in like
October and you're just looking for a
spooky movie in the theater to see
around Halloween but why is this movie
coming out in August maybe they're
concerned because like the it movie
comes out in September and then you saw
movie comes out in October and the Saw
movies are always super huge around
Halloween or they wore the older ones so
maybe there's like the only slop they
had before it got into Halloween season
but now they wanted to get it out before
in North Korea new clothes
it's really important that everybody see
animals what if this was the last movie
you saw before you died how depressing
of a thought as that
I think statistically it's possible
right sure this is probably the last
movie that somebody will see before they
die yeah yeah yeah that is the worst
thing you've ever saw
so tweet at us or comment below if you
know someone who died and this was the
last movie they saw and be sure to smash
that like button and don't forget to
subscribe to us on YouTube like our
Facebook page and follow our Instagram
and be sure to check out our merch store
for all red letter media products and
we're offering a special this week only
where you can get a t-shirt made with a
picture of your friend who's just died
so you can remember them and the last
movie that they saw before they died
