May 21, 2017
Alien: Covenant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klsy8PiscEw
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/866340144319803393
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154657728667634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-alien-covenant

Half in the bag.
I love to watch movies...in my underwear.
oh it's not a touch screen
and it's not on lightning-fast VCR
repair how can I help you
uh-huh yes this is aha what mr. Plunkett
is dead what is dead wrong
your cake prices aren't cheap I'll look
elsewhere good day sir
Mike why would you do that for a second
I had my hopes up that this nightmare
was over that I could tell my friends
and family that my fiance was dead and
that I was only marrying him for the
money and definitely not for elderly
lusts I'm sorry Jay I can see how me
shouting mr. Plunkett is dead may have
done misleading however it was just the
start of my sentence I simply ran out of
breath
you see mr. Plunkett referred me to this
cake company and he said that they had
cheap cakes I asked for a quote for a
cake for a hundred people and they
quoted me a price in excess of $20
that's ridiculous I could get cheaper
cakes made in Rwanda why are we getting
cake at all why are we inviting people
I'm starting to get the feeling that
you're doing all of this just to
embarrass me hey speaking of
embarrassing the elderly filmmaker
Ridley Scott has a new film hmm he made
it at the senior citizens home in the
rec room oh that's cute yeah it's called
alien covenant and it's a film about an
alien covenant I believe I haven't seen
it yet would you like to go watch this
film and then talk about how terrible it
was I'd love to do anything that would
take my mind off of this fucking wedding
yeah I would be dreading that day too I
would also dread going to see alien
company but let's do it anyways come on
yeah charity I don't have a kitchen
finally someone explained what the black
goo was with one simple sentence thanks
David hi and welcome to alien covenant
the new film from elderly director
Ridley Scott they were going to let
Neill Blomkamp direct alien movies but
then Ridley Scott wanted to redeem
himself after no one liked Prometheus
now he made this and it was less weird
and had things people knowing it like an
alien on a spaceship so now people like
him again and forgive him for letting
damon lindelof write a script look out
it's a xenomorph well it's time now to
talk about alien covenant James what are
your initial thoughts on alien covenant
you know there was a part of Prometheus
so they really had a problem with where
when they're first investigating the
caves and they're like oh this is
breathable atmosphere and so everyone
like fucking immediately takes their
helmets off and you're like you don't
know anything else about it other than
the air is breathable why would you do
that in this movie they don't even
bother with helmets
I rewatched prometheus
as did I last night actually in
preparation for this and I think I liked
it a little bit more than when I first
saw it because I I kind of understood
what they're going for a little better
yeah oh that's the thing is I never felt
like it deserves how much shit it got it
has lots of problems but at least it
felt like it was about something and
that's more than I can say for this
movie in a weird way it's a remake of
alien well every alien sequels are
remake of alien basically I know that
but in a you know we have to fix what we
did with Prometheus way because you have
well I don't want to get into spoilers
but shit shit let's just get the
spoilers like it get them as spoilers
everybody because you have an Android
that goes nuts and they blow it out of
an airlock at the end well and going
into this one because people disliked
Prometheus so much I was curious like is
this going to be how much of a sequel to
prometheus is this going to be is it
going to be more of just like a prequel
to alien and it's kind of both it is a
pretty direct sequel to Prometheus on a
like a literal story level and that
there is a continuation of the events
that happen at the end of Prometheus but
it couldn't be farther from it and like
a somatic level they completely abandon
all that shit if we're in spoilers like
the end of Prometheus like Shaw is going
to go off and find the creators and find
out why they want to kill us and I'm
still searching
oh she died off-screen I disagree we're
abandoning that I disagree a little
because they kept all their there as you
called them heavy themes attempts at
anything well know that it's it's it's
like here's exactly what happened
Prometheus was written by people who
didn't quite know what what they were
doing with the story I think they had
some ideas they put it all out there and
then again and then it fell apart
this is smarter people trying to fix
that as best as they can because they
established the the creator and a
father-son thing with who's the actor
that plays old man
Goldmember in Oh Guy Pearce Guy Pearce
do you think in familias he look like
Goldmember yes guys Pearce comes back as
younger Goldmember and and is in this
film and so you have that opening with
with this is the David statue and he's
the father and he's I Yuri my creators a
creator thing there's lots of biblical
references and the first one Shaw was
the religious person who still had the
cross and she chooses to believe there's
the themes of faith and this one they
slap it on the captain you got the faith
for no reason you got the face I got
assets we got to carry that theme over
yeah and then there's there's lots of
little little very subtle and some not
so subtle biblical references so they
kind of put all that and they all feel
very surface level though like in
Prometheus that's kind of what the
movies about this one it feels like
those elements are sort of put on top of
a pretty generic alien remake it's it's
an echo from Prometheus that has carried
over and it sort of saved into blow it
out the airlock is yes there's they're
slowly whittling it down yes and
underneath is the alien movie right on
to get to the end which is get an alien
back aboard the spaceship and takes a
long time to get there yeah in fact it
feels like a completely different movie
at the last 25 minutes
yeah well that's that's the thing is the
last 20 minutes of the movie is is
alien action that I guess people want
those last 20 minutes of the movie are
like the entirety of the original alien
they're really alien really takes its
time and it's slow and it has tension
and things build in this movie all the
aliens stuff in this movie I thought
sucked there's no tension it's not
particularly well executed it's just
sort of there's the Ã¥land he's running
around and they just rush through it all
I thought Prometheus was a mess but I
really in hindsight appreciate the
attempt to do something different they
didn't dig up Sigourney Weaver out of
the crypts and I'd throw her in front of
the camera like you do with like Indiana
Jones and all these like Harrison Ford
Star Wars bring back I'm solid yes to
dust everybody off and put them in front
of the camera they didn't do that with
Sigourney Weaver they made totally new
characters yes they're doing the
backstory and the prequel thing and
whatever that's the weakest stuff in the
movie is that it has ties to Ailee at
all and so Prometheus goes the entire
movie without seeing an alien proper and
and the weird blue guys and they follow
Alexa and then and I think is it post
credit or not post credit but it's like
the story's over we paid to black and we
stayed back up and there's the aliens
and alien healing of proto alien total
alien has been born from a giant squid
raping the giant blue man yes and then
you're like okay I don't know how that
happened but it happened I guess is that
the alien species now born no no because
it's not quite a nail it's not quite as
II no more no II know morph has not been
made yet so I thought everything in this
was pretty good up until they said we
have to have a xenomorph on a spaceship
the Michael Fassbender David robot from
Prometheus he had his head put back on
by Shaw so his head back on but
apparently in the process of putting his
head back on his brain went nuts I think
just his particular model of robot was
allowed to expand and create things
remember the opening when he's like guy
Pearce's teaching him how to play the
we're telling you have to be inspired
you have to do things have to create
then they kind of took that away out of
the robots because people thought
they're too creepy and so that is the
main plot thread is that David ends up
going back to the prometheus planet with
the blue men and wipes out their entire
civilization with the black goo for no
reason at all other than he's insane or
he wants to find out how to create life
himself yeah well if he keeps in a movie
this movie keeps talking about how he's
trying to create the perfect organism or
whatever so that's I guess his
motivation but it doesn't explain why he
decides to kill all the engineers well
the movie answers one of our questions
from we're talking or talking about
Prometheus video which as it turns out
David was a secret asshole yes yes I
think he wiped out all the engineers
because if they got landed on the planet
they would come and rip his head off I
just got a three patch
yeah I would be elderly guy Pierce with
his head and that to me was the most
interesting stuff was that this robot
has had a decade on this planet and he's
futzin around the black ooze out there
black ooze back it's floating on what is
the black goo well it's exactly what we
thought it was which is why it was so
confusing and Michael Fassbender tells
us that it's both a weapon and a tool of
creation so when when people got it in
them when he put the drip in the guy's
drink yeah and uh Holloway in the first
one and he turned into a monster man it
just killed him and then the other guy
it turned into monster man - but once it
was in his ejaculate inside Shaw it
turned into a baby right and created a
little squid monster yeah and I think in
Prometheus they show what they will
worms touched touched in black goo they
show up like oh yeah there's there's
worms on the soil and those become a
become those identical so it's like it
could either do something or turn you
into the toxic waste man from Robocop
will do one of the two things
sounds like thank you thank you for
being clear about that yeah we still
know where it came from but I guess
whatever that was the fucking blue men
group created a baby they created
I guess they engineered it they
engineered it okay because remember when
the in the opening Prometheus the one
guy he ate it they drank it out of a
little ceremonial cup not only health
off of a cliff he falls into the yeah
and then he wanted valves and then they
show in detail you know do you like
being created all of Earth's life being
created and I was the premise of
Prometheus was a blue man all over the
galaxy they weren't populated planets
but for some reason at the end of
Prometheus we said we got to take all
this black goo back to earth and use it
again to wipe out the population because
we messed up and then Shaw wanted to
find out why they messed up once you
wanna fight yeah what did we do that
made him want to kill us yes well that
was the lead-in and that's the thing
good for me see it prometheus that whole
movie feels like a setup for the next
movie we will never find out why they
wanted to go back because David
exterminated the entire population yeah
that would that be considered retconning
they reckoned the story of Prometheus
and that's my problem was like and I
complained about this with Prometheus
and it continues with this which is that
there's all these convoluted like
biological like this mixes with this and
it creates this but then if that new
creation mixes with this it creates this
all this to get us to an alien to a
xenomorph from alien they allude to it
at the end of Prometheus and then in
this movie David's like I was
experimenting on Shaw and I created this
thing and I could I used trying all
these different experiments and then he
just goes into a back room in this cave
and he's like and here's alien eggs I
made they're like what blow out the
Queen like what so all this setup to
explain to the xenomorph came from and
we really don't even get it and that
leads to the bigger problem which is who
cares where the xenomorph came from the
original alien I don't know if we
mentioned this in a Prometheus video I
don't even remember but the original
movie alien the whole thing is that what
the whole reason scary is because it's
about the fear of the unknown it's not
the fear of something alien the movie
has multiple the title as multiple
meanings we don't know where it came
from
doesn't matter that's what makes it
creepy it's the problem with the simple
and effective premise it's its jaws it's
Halloween it's movies like that where it
works as a simple premise but it does
not have or need the room for expansion
right I don't need to know more about
Michael Myers or we don't need a jaws 2
or jaws 3 3d or a jaws 4 or does 5 what
happened here yeah that's something the
short-haired woman who is essentially
the protagonist don't even know what her
name is Daniels that her character's
name like she has so little going on she
was married or at least in a
relationship with James Franco who's in
the movie for two seconds like with Shaw
you know her whole thing is she's
obsessed with finding out about who
created us because she can't create life
herself she can't have a baby so that's
sort of her motivation for everything so
there's something there there's nothing
to any of these people in this movie
well Danny McBride wore cowboy hat his
name is Tennessee because remember
Dallas there's a character named Dallas
smelly had a character named Tennessee
the spaceship stuff but all the crew
like heels all the different kinds of
crew members and it just felt like been
there down B yes they felt like done
I've done that what I really liked I
were to like the entire movie if it was
just Michael Fassbender
kissing himself teaching himself to play
the flute yeah that stuff was that was
verify likes I liked and Michael
Fassbender is like Prometheus he's the
best part of this movie yeah
the two types of robots that are
dramatically different and one that's a
little unhinged and doing weird things
and he's very advanced I noticed how it
seemed like Michael Fassbender is doing
Lance Henriksen impression a little bit
yeah okay I'm talking like this yeah
yeah so it seemed like oh that's the
early tweak the model even though that
character probably wasn't born yet but
the guy the human version last Alex
appears in alien 3 although he also
appears in alien vs. predator somehow
it's in present time why it's almost
like this franchise is a giant mess oh
is it
remember that your she wasn't a sexy
shower scene bizarre oh god why I'm in
the movie because of a theme that you
can put in the trailer it turns into
like a cheap whore B movie or yeah I was
thinking like a Friday the 13th movie or
something breathing in the showers blood
and yeah I'm gonna get you in the shower
look at what yeah then you have this is
like a heady religious themes and then
you cuts to like later like Jack Frost
tried in the film the shower
really
all that stuff with a Fassbender and the
planet and it felt very star treky
and then I was like oh eh oh there's an
alien I forgot like I don't want a
pretty badass robot fight the two
Michael Fassbender is fighting each
other was a good scene yeah so you got
all those like like the too fast fenders
I felt the Cain and Abel vibe like the
lots of religious references now he
references milton by saying it's better
to rule in Hell than to serve in heaven
which was from the original time on the
film well yeah I guess at one point this
movie was called alien Paradise Lost so
which is an awful title and I'm glad
they changed it what happened here
yeah and then like I don't know if you
noticed like one of the little little
alien things that he had like made was
like on a cross oh I didn't good stuff
in there is drawings look like the Vinci
artworks like very technical
yeah that ending where I want say Shaw
our new female heroine apparently like
like empowered female warriors and
spaces they're a dime a dozen
really you're nothing special anymore
there's always one of you on a spaceship
just one of you there's nothing good
about you I think the message of the
movie is if you if you want to survive
out in space and you're female
make sure you have short hair yeah I
kept thinking back to the first alien
and how like quaint and dated it must
feel compared to like the technology
they can do today Oh sheriff bursting
scene and like because Oshun aliens does
the happy birthday surprise shot yes
that misses my hair yeah how fast and
deadly it is in this now did you feel
you're the better question do you feel
any tension whatsoever during any of the
alien stuff in this movie the movie had
me for a minute
when that first guy who had got sick
went back and they had him and those two
women were on the little Lander not only
had to get him in the quarantine room
and he was like gross things were
happening to him the fans like there was
like some car oh yeah that stuff was
pretty good and the movie like some of
the gore in this it was kind of shocking
it was very grisly which was nice it
felt like two movies that collided it
feels like a movie that's that's a
perfect bridge between like trying to do
weird god stuff with Prometheus and
let's get back to thousands of just
bursting aliens and people shooting at
them yeah it felt like the bridge from
that to that because this ends with
spoilers ago but you look I'll watch
their videos anymore
ah this ends with David in control the
ship he has 2000 people in cryosleep
and a couple of facehugger eggs you know
he's just going to experiment like crazy
yeah and he has 7 years to do it before
they get to Planet ooba-dooba the next
film will be aliens galore
CG classic xenomorphs galore on a colony
space colony they all wake up though
they won't remember what happened and
they'll start bursting at the seams and
aliens will be everywhere and it'll be a
repeat of aliens they'll be air in the
colony nah yeah or some shit like that
will happen
you now have you now finally have the
seed that's planted that can spawn all
the Xenomorphs and go at it no more
half-measures no more little gray ones
and little blue ones or weird ones that
don't quite look like this either most
gifted xenomorph back now is what the
guys in the suit said 20th Century Fox
office get their little marks back holy
the interesting thing about the original
I'll say the original for alien movies
is that they all are essentially the
same movie but what differentiates them
is the the filmmaker behind it each one
feels like a completely different movie
even though story wise they're all
basically the same thing and now we just
get like Ridley Scott made another alien
movie they're good look in movies they
have great effects great sets sure but
there's no tension which is important
when you're making an alien movie I like
I like that premise yeah the robot is
just trying to play God essentially and
they could have done something where
Shaab Birth the Queen maybe she did they
should her corpse is possible but that
could have happened during the course of
this movie you know where she's like
she's he's got her tied up in the back
room or something and she's like about
to give birth to a queen and then she
does yeah and then you know he's working
on that in the background making the
eggs and stuff while the people are just
hanging out at Blue Valley City yeah
resting and
relaxing it's going tanning gambling
going dancing sounds like a wonderful
planet yeah yeah there there was a whole
other side of the planet it was like
Atlantis City yeah Big Blue Men was all
this boring stone Jason that guys you
guys what come on to the planets rest to
fix your spaceship give me a week or so
I'm gonna be in this cave doing some
weird shit and then when I'm done
everybody comes to cave heads I mean
that's going on in the background with
shock would have been kind of cool I
don't know this movie is a lot to digest
and I might be reactionary a little
because there are some there were a lot
of things I really liked but then it has
that that movies have that studio
mentality now all of them you gotta have
the thing yeah well and I'm getting
tired of it there's one of the story
about a robot that experiments with
weird biological life-form that that's
the biggest disappointment with this
movie is yeah there is like a kernel of
an interesting concept
at its core but it's focusing on the
wrong things I know the thing is like
there was a split second when we see the
xenomorph where I was like because I
like that creature as a you know as a
design I think it's cool it was like oh
it'll be kind of neat to see some more
xenomorph stuff because I like as a
movie monster I like it but then I just
thought it was all handled so flat like
the there's no like I said no attention
to any of it
very rushed very yeah I was rushed and
there's no like you know build-up
because the movies almost over so just
sort of things happen there was no
excitement at the end when they're
trying to push it out of the ship like I
just didn't care yeah yeah so folks act
on because it was yeah the cool
interesting premise Celt sort of pushed
to the side to focus on the alien stuff
and the alien stuff didn't work I
thought there was enough of the David
plot to to keep the movie floating on
the wall
as opposed to sinking you know what I
mean the alien stuff ironically in an
alien movie was what was dragging it
down yeah see all inner doors
this level
Oh
four meters so Mike would you recommend
the alien covenants hard to say I always
have a little caveat like I would
recommend it to Grandma but if you love
the xenomorph gonna watch it it's a
final okay film yeah yeah fuck it now to
watch something different yeah Scott
Scott's a movie you find your basement
VHS tape it has Dolly Parton in it Wayne
Newton what's he talkin about rodeo time
with Dolly Parton to show us that it's
supported on the VCR watch that Kenny
Rogers in a Western what's this I never
heard of this let's go out to that oh I
forgot to ask you do you want to
recommend the film to anybody you
probably don't know you're such a snob
that's not true
or the ball is not that's the thing is
this doesn't even like a terrible movie
or anything I'm just so tired of it like
they're running around hallways again
and it just had a real case of like been
there done that or I just didn't care
yeah that's four that's four more
Michael Fassbender I was he a whole
movie about him doing weird experiments
it's called shame well Jay it's time to
fix more VCRs remember that talk about
tired plotline
a alien covenant felt refreshing okay I
have to go to sleep now okay bye
