May 6, 2017
Guardians of the Galaxy 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTYjD606cWM
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/861039290784112641
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154597392922634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-guardians-of-the-galaxy-vol-2

Half in the bag.
Get this crap off my writing desk.
ah Jay another day another
year of movies that's right Mike it's
may the sun's coming out and we have a
whole slew of movies ready to be
released that everyone will forget about
in a week
that's right Jay I'm very excited about
the forgettable new film king Arthur I
can't wait to see it so that I could
immediately forget about it I'm going to
forget the shit out of that whoa my god
I've already forgotten it and I haven't
even forgotten to see it
speaking of forgetting don't forget
about Wonder Woman in theaters June 2nd
finally we get to hear the backstory of
a character that was briefly introduced
and Batman V Superman dawn of Justice
what the fuck mr. blinken what the fuck
are you talking about well I'm
auditioning for one of those YouTube
shows where a panel of people get
together and they talk about movies what
people talk about movies on YouTube how
fucking lame have it's so embarrassing
yeah they told me they got enough fat
white guys with beards token black
people and at least one hot woman who
wears large hipster glasses so why do
they need you they said that the only
demo that they need a voice from is the
elderly yeah they want to open up the
untapped 75-plus demo on YouTube they
say it will increase their revenue by
point zero eight percent well I think
that's great mr. Plunkett it's good to
see you try new things especially at
your age problem is the last movie I saw
was ironically The Last Picture Show in
1971 oh I had such a crush on Jeff
Bridges well don't worry about it mr.
blanket all you really have to do is go
see a movie and give your honest and
true opinion on what you thought
oh no oh no no no no no no no oh no no
no you see the studio has something
called talking points that they need me
to address yeah here let me let me show
you what I mean let me practice here
alright Johnny Depp returns to the big
screen as the iconic swashbuckling
antihero Jack Sparrow in the all-new
pirate of the Caribbean dead men tell no
tales oh my god he's terrible just
terrible
a little monitor when the deadly go
sailors led by the terrifying captain
Salazar
Javy err boredom is so boring I feel
like I'm watching the lead right ads he
notably Jack I love this movie it was a
swashbuckling good time well it kind of
sounds like you're reading it they told
me they'd fix it with auto-tune yeah
maybe you should do it with just like a
little more excitement like you're
really excited about the movie a little
more exciting try that all right here we
go
set to the all-new sonic backdrop of
awesome mixtape number two Marvel
Studios guardians of the galaxy vol 2
continues the team's adventures as they
oh shit that's right
guardians 2 came out today oh hey let's
go watch it and talk about how much we
loved it oh my god I can't wait it's my
favorite movie of the summer let's go
the comments will come to our hero's aid
as the marvel cinematic universe
continues to expand what do you think
guys wow I knocked up dead
I'm going to get the part here we are a
Steve one thugs and assassin maniacs and
an angry little tree
hold on
everyone's favorite heroes are back the
guardians of the galaxy nope
Marvel fanboy chills Mike and J
witnessed their amazing powers of liking
a movie that's fun and likable marvel at
their ability to do nothing but hate on
DC while sucking Marvel's dick be amazed
that they seem to enjoy movies sometimes
that are enjoyable while disliking other
movies that are a huge fucking mess it's
time for guardians of the galaxy's
volume - Mike what did you think of
guardians of the galaxy vol 2 well J I
really enjoyed guardians of the galaxy
vol 2 but before we talk about that I
need to address something to our
audience in a recent video we did
reviewing the mist we made a clerical
error oh yes we use the clip of after
Sam wit where's Palpatine impression we
took this clip from a video that we
found on YouTube now apparently this was
not him doing the voice and it was a
different actor the clip and the
Internet Movie Database were both
incorrect and we used the information
we'd like to apologize for this grievous
error Sam went where's Palpatine
impression is actually much worse well
back to our review guarding for the
galaxy vol 2 I thoroughly enjoyed this
film by the way it's not in the movie
but there is either trailer or a TV spot
where they there's a joke in it that
isn't in the final movie where I think
it's the Nebula character confuses the
name of the group and she calls it
Gardens of the galaxy I was guarding the
galaxy guardians of the galaxy why would
we be the guardians of the galaxy there
was our fucking joke in a review of the
first movie um
Gardens guardians of the galaxy gardens
of the galaxy I'd watch that movie the
movie about people going across the
universe and planting garden the Stars
Martha Stewart yeah I know no that's
true I remember that I say if James Gunn
is going to steal from us he should take
better jokes James Gunn doesn't need to
steal from us it's better that he does I
don't know he's struggling he's
struggling to make it in Hollywood he is
struggling to make
a finely crafted fun adventure movie
that's witty and charismatic and
enjoyable to watch is this can maybe
someone if you don't use someone can
correct me is this the only movie in
like the Marvel Cinematic Universe that
has like a writer director or it's the
same person that kind of is involved in
the entire creative process I think it
might be James Gunn right to the script
yeah he writes he wrote the first one he
wrote this one any direct some not even
a co-writer just there was a co-writer
on the first one but I think that was
like a first draft and then he came in
and rewrote most of it well and then he
wrote this one on his own too
well I hope this movie has the most
success humanly possible
what we don't need our 19 screenwriters
and a totally inconsistent mess right
you want a movie that shifts between a
lot of tones but feels like there's
someone behind it that knows what the
fuck they're doing which this movie does
really well other thing I like this
better than the first one I was actually
a little concerned for the first maybe
like half hour
we're kind of felt like it almost felt
to me like like when a sequel is made
and a different creative team comes in
like different writer and director and
is just doing their hardest to recapture
what made the first one special or it's
like there's almost too many jokes
there's almost too silly at the
beginning and everybody you know all
these characters are doing their thing
that we're familiar with in the first
one like almost to a fault but then just
move out and gets going and turns out to
be way more character-driven than plot
driven which I really appreciated
that's that's what makes this a good
sequel I was thinking about it while
watching it and I'm like what what what
are some really good sequels like Empire
Strikes Back you know like it's not a
nothing about like The Godfather Part 2
I'm talking more like sci-fi fantasy
kind of movies and you got like the
second spider-man film was good yes not
not the amazing spider-man title the
Andrew Garfield one remember is a Rhino
weird boy and that's why I like this one
better than the first one because the
first Guardian Ted you know all the
great characters the set up all the
characters is a good origin story but
then towards the end I can't really
remember the end I remember shooting it
spaceships in the sky that the third act
is the weakest part yeah and the plot is
almost like inconsequential it's just
about getting these characters together
that's the thing is that this one
instead of which is what I was worried
that it was just like wacky lines funny
characters and then we got to shoot at
this thing and it incorporated the bad
guy plot and everything it beefed up the
characters yeah and and that's what you
know like your Empire Strikes Back
movies like that did it wasn't that we
have to blow up another thing and the
second one it was let's take these
characters and beef them up and and it
almost it went with the character arcs
almost to a fault and that's what but I
really enjoyed that and I was like
surely enjoying it more than any of the
Avengers movies or any previous Marvel
movies I've seen because all these
characters they're so different and
weird and they all have these like flaws
and and problems with each other and
there's so much like there's a lot of
entered dynamics going on because you
got the two girl
gamora and nebula and they have the past
they're sisters and then we got the
little rodent and he's basically
admitted Panda is a hello sheep and he
basically admits these are still with
insecurities and you have all these like
wonderful little angles now whatever you
do don't push this button because that
will set off the bomb immediately and
we'll all be dead now repeat back what I
just said good uh-huh
good that's right okay now yeah it's
almost like it's hard to complain about
because it all works really well but it
seems like James Gunn loves these
characters so much that he has to put
like everyone in and everyone has to
have something to do like the nebula
stuff the sister dynamic stuff like
probably could have gotten rid of that
just get that character out of the movie
I like that stuff and I mean it's fine I
don't like nebula like I think
performance wise that's the worst
performance on the movie I don't wanna
call it bad but it's the weakest
performance of the movie he's very
OneNote maybe for some reason I I I like
that storyline
I like the the budding romance between
Gamora and Peter quill and they even
poked fun at the fact that it is like
like a Cheers or Jim and Pam from the
office it's like a thing where it's like
yeah once we get together then we lose
the ratings you know they mentioned
Cheers they mentioned Sam and I and he
didn't mention Jimin no I'm agitating
okay I was thinking because James Gunn
used to be married to Pam so oh yeah
that was funny they really know what
saving the galaxy
who else is gonna do it
the Guardians cannot protect the galaxy
so yeah the general premise I guess
doesn't matter well I will say it's more
interesting than MacGuffin oh yeah no
that's what I'm going to say like the
plot in the first one is sort of
inconsequential it's like whatever we're
excuse to get these people together
infinity stone marble terrible universe
and this one it's it's weird but it also
works on an emotional level and it's
like the first time like the first time
in a decade of Marvel making these
movies where the villain is actually
interesting yes the villain is always
the weakest part of all these stupid
Marvel movies the villain in the way he
relates to our main characters is
interesting and that image drives his
motivation and it drives the story and
they're like a movie yes and they beefed
up a somewhat background character the
the the theme of fatherhood and all that
he's yondu was my favorite part of the
movie I love Michael Rooker it's nice to
see him when like enry portrait of a
serial killer in this big you know
blockbuster Marvel movie in his
performance is great but I really like
the fact that they didn't have to lean
on the Marvel Universe as a crutch
because they're the guardians of the
galaxy it'll the film opens they're
doing their own thing they're like
basically work-for-hire like contract
killers or they doing something and the
this this very advanced society has
hired them to stop an intergalactic
slime monster from eating they're very
powerful batteries Wow okay and that's
that's the opening kind of action
sequence and then the plot kind of
progresses and then the real emotional
core the movies of course Peter finding
his father and when I can get in
spoilers but the movie hit lots of bucks
for me with the exception of baby Groot
which didn't really need a character arc
II although he did have one everyone
gets a character arc no one's left
behind no one's left behind
it gives time plenty of screen time for
all the characters and then it squeezes
on all the without feeling bloated
without feeling bloated which is kind of
the most amazing part I couldn't leave
when we got out
movie was over two hours long it really
didn't feel like it yeah well the end
credits are 20 minutes of that well it's
true 15 make credit sequences yeah the
only thing that felt slightly out of
place and I'm assuming it's a setup for
another film is the Sylvester Stallone
oh yeah he shows up for like five
seconds and he's in a mid credit
sequence so I guess that's a setup but
even with that like because I assumed
early on he's in one scene he has some
beef with Michael Rooker and then he
leaves and it was like oh I guess that's
probably a character for another movie
and that was going to be it but even he
gets a payoff at the end mm-hmm
everybody gets a payoff like like a
movie yeah it's probably because there
was one screenwriter who sat down and
wrote a script instead of five 10 people
all throwing in ideas you got to put
this in there you got to put this in
there yeah that's a true testament to
the screenwriting art Pablo Picasso did
not have six guys in suits with brushes
on his painting good does if you it's a
fuck away from the painting put this put
a little flower over here can you can
you imagine
Michelangelo like painting the Sistine
Chapel and then lovely guys with glasses
come in Bisbee suits go chemically like
cherry pickers what are you doing you're
on my feelings that he had shown that
people will enjoy this more of everybody
smiling right Brett what if what if God
was not touching that finger man what if
they were just high-fiving market
research suggests high-fives appeal to
all demographic and we don't want to
alienate non-religious people so can it
not be God can it just be some kind of
androgynous entity maybe maybe a giant
coke can Eliza Tobler a-blazing the god
of the coke can
that's moviemaking today it's true yeah
everything's replaced by a giant coke
can okay what's that he says welcome to
the frickin gaudy into the galaxy
I would say is a- a minor negative I
think James Gunn relies a little too
much on the serious dramatic moment and
then undercut with a joke he does that I
mean it's in the first movie a few times
but it's in it a lot in this well I
think what works better and he does this
throughout the movie too especially
there's a speech by Peter cool at the
end of the movie where it's not like
something dramatic happening and then
and then a joke where it's it's sort of
something dramatic is happening but
there's humorous elements to it as well
and James comes from that
you know throughout his whole career
super and even go back to like Romeo and
Juliet and I think that stuff works
better where it's almost like a
bittersweet humor mixed with the drama
as opposed to dramatic moment joke yeah
and and it works sometimes it's just a
little - it was happening so often where
I was starting to just like anticipated
mmm I know I found myself thoroughly
enjoying this film and I think it's
going to stick with me more in the
memory yeah then the first one which is
a good sign because I like I like the
main premise of it it's just really like
weird and interesting and sort of like
you know if you're sad and strange and
like I don't remember the end of the
first one and I would imagine that
that's like and maybe James Gunn was
poked a little you know don't you since
of the two weird share we need the ships
at the end flying around and explosions
and I guess it seemed like maybe there's
a little more creative freedom I don't
know he definitely pumps up these like
the emotional elements with this one as
far as the character I mean the last
shot of the movie before the 15 mid
credit sequences is a close-up of a CGI
raccoon Humanite hybrid like with the
tear in his eye and it works it works
great
look out oh I tried guys I love all the
makeup and costumes I love the gold
people that's so cool
really yeah their need and I like I like
that idea of this this like society
that's just like almost achieved 100%
perfection um except for unrolling the
little things little touches like that
yeah what make these movies wonderful
right like little little jokes where
it's able to laugh at itself it's not
like you know I don't know laughing
itself while still taking like the
characters seriously even though the
threats serious and who the hell are you
I'm your dad
his father is ego the Living Planet
played by Kurt Russell like great like
her Russell he's awesome in this it's
Kurt Russell she's alright but I was
thinking I'm surprised you haven't
brought up Star Trek yeah because I hold
kind of storyline kind of felt to me
like like a Star Trek episode where they
land on some weird planet and there's
like a humanoid planet there's an
episode called who mourns for Adonis
okay where they land on the planet and
Apollo is there the Greek god
follow the the crew of the enterprise
fight the Greek god and defeat him and
literally a Greek god what's he doing in
space he they all the Greek gods left
earth and it's so awesome
yeah yeah that kind of plot yeah his is
very very Star Trek ish I was thinking
once Kurt Russell starts to try and like
seduce Peter quill to the dark side very
Star Wars II it would've been nice to
see a little more with him kind of
struggling with that or him it felt like
it happened very quick once that once he
started to you know kind of turn like
reveal that he's evil it would have been
nice to see maybe Peter quill get
seduced a little more his friends have
to come and sort of snap him out of it
or something but yeah more of a courting
yeah yeah around kind of like saying
here's my thing like it kind of all
happened in like one quick scene yeah
and why why the fuck would Kurt Russell
if he's trying to get him to join him
why would he reveal that he put tumor in
his mom's brain I think that just
slipped out but yeah he could he should
have like kind of walked them around a
little and listen here's the thing we're
pretty much like gods
yeah and Peter quill is blinded by the
fact that he's finally been reunited
with his father and we're going to do
this thing where we kind of slowly take
over the universe it's going to be great
yeah yeah and yeah a little more like
it's hard to complain so much because
like to do that you'd have to maybe you
know eliminate some of the side stories
and all the side stories are good and
interesting on their own and they all
end up connecting like nothing feels out
of place
yeah I mean there's there's there's fat
like there's the part where rocket and I
keep on in cholera Nova
it's a nebula nebula where rocket and
nebula are on the shift and all the guys
are coming to get them
yeah and so there's like this very long
sequence where rocket like takes them
all out single-handedly almost yeah and
that like stuff like that it's a fun
sequence though it is it's a great
sequence of course but you know you
could have just had like right behind
them like I'm like the point would have
been made and then you could I think if
they yeah but they probably didn't want
to eliminate the action sequences from
the action bar whole movies yeah I don't
know but you know
tighten up some stuff you know yeah it's
just like it's like 98% there it's like
almost perfect yeah I was like a fun
weird space adventure film with weird
characters that you like well speaking
of action sequences my favorite part of
the movie was I was very surprised to
see so much murder in one scene with
yondu and and rocket where they take out
all the the bad Ravagers and so many
people just get straight up murdered in
that scene I was surprised by that and
all the bodies falling and that's
another thing I'll say speaking of
because that shot is in the trailer of
all the bodies falling and I think this
is a stronger movie from a like a
directing visual standpoint than the
first one it feels more more like
confident there's some really really
like striking images there's a part when
Gamora
gets upset about something when their
own egos planet and she goes off and
she's kind of sulking by yourself and
it's just this wide shot she's in the
far left of the frame and it's just
really like really pretty and don't
forget taser face the whole plot line
even taser face has a little bit of an
arc
and rooms Megan fun home for his name
you up until the bitter end the trays
everyone and this is different than
we've talked about like movies where the
characters they can just give them
things to do because the movie feels
like it has to give them something to do
car track like like Star Trek the Star
Trek films when they pick force of
romance between Spock in a her oh yeah
no really I have romances or big
characters I go yeah this is a movie
where what is Spock gay no it's just a
weird emotionless Vulcan that doesn't
mean he's gay he's gay
well my point being there's movies like
that where it's like they just give them
filler basically things to do because
they're characters that you know so they
have to have something to do here's a
movie everybody has something to do and
everybody has an arc and it all is
connected and it all feels useful and
appropriate for the story you don't also
had an arc the first Indiana Jones film
was the arc oh I disappointed damn it
these movies are something special and
it's going to suck when they start to
incorporate the guardians of the galaxy
would like the Avengers shit yeah I'm
happy with this way the guardians movies
are going and I don't even want to watch
what infinity you gem war okay we're but
we're finally going to get to see what
Santos is capable of they've been
dragging that shit out for so long how
could anyone care about Santos anymore I
don't I care about fun fun interesting
characters that are likable yeah and
where you root for the situation because
you want to see these characters succeed
and weird plot lines I'm very excited
about Thor Ragnarok we should mention
that yes click I guess somebody listened
to rich Evans King Planet Hulk would be
a great movie yeah
or me relaying what rich told me about
Planet Hulk I'm like that sounds great
instead of villain of the week or blue
laser shooting up the sky opening a
dimensional portal where things fly
through and we gotta stop all the things
well because why because we gotta stop
them ministers how do we stop them when
we shoot him I feed him we work together
as a team yeah I'm liking that they seem
to be like it's like it's like steering
a gigantic ship
I mean DC's head towards the ice place
but the Marvel ships so to move in a
little um and own we should talk about
the incorporation of the music there's a
part where rocky racoon says hey you
know blue guy with the thing on your
head yondu gandu do you have any of
Peters music in your archives yes I can
he's like okay so play the song lowing
murder everyone and then I got his
mixtape it might eventually get old but
the the contrast with like these old
kind of 70s early 80s pop songs playing
with like these weird space visuals yeah
it doesn't feel gimmicky or stupid like
when they use the The Beatles and song
and the Justice League trailer yeah
come together
well as that's clearly an attempt to go
in The Guardian galaxy direction they're
the first one to kind of do that it
feels just like like your your dumb kid
brothers imitating you
yeah when you're doing it with like
style and class and kind of coolness
yeah well the whole idea with the music
in the first movie is you find out at
the end that that mixtape was given to
him by his mother who of course died of
cancer and that's why it's so important
to him there's a part of the movie
already risks his life to go back and
get it at the time you don't know why so
there's like a an emotional reason for
the songs there's a justification for it
it's not just there because hay is fun
pop songs the clever way to include fun
pop songs oh sure yeah in the defense of
the Justice League that is just a
trailer but they did that shit with
Suicide Squad - and just like the first
five minutes of that movie is like 15
pop songs yeah yeah like I said your
dumb kid brother trying to imitate the
older cool brother yeah that's what it
is and that movie came out before this
but this movie guardians of the galaxy -
is very colorful it made me think of
Suicide Squad because like the trailer
for that movie at all these like purples
and neon colors and everything and it
doesn't reflect what's in the movie at
all and this movie uses color very well
an interesting side note before a film I
don't think they got other than thor
ragnarok when i remember seeing any
trailers for a Wonder Woman Justice
League anything a superhero really a
trailer for some fucking Spanish
American pirate laughs what was that it
was three to do those three ideo toes
like almost too flat to move you
couldn't think oh I don't need to go
I would recommend guardians of the
galaxy volume 2 I would also recommend
guardians of galaxy vol 2 because we are
brainless Marvel shills who suck
marvel's cock it's not because it's a
fun or enjoyable movie I will make a
guarantee to all you out there who call
us Marvel fanboys and non DC haters I
will give each new DC film a complete
open mind and I will be fair I have
nothing against DC I do not give a crap
that's the day's like I could not care
less it's Marvel DC whatever make a good
movie
that's what matters yes yeah I'm an old
man I don't care don't care just like I
just don't want to be miserable and
bored this is the first film in a long
time that we've gone to see for work
basically that it was not just like
dreading yeah I'm serious
and I was just like hey I want to see
this movie it's been a long time a long
time so that's a resounding sounding
recommendation and cut great I gotta go
I gotta go I got a plane to catch are
you going to Marvel's headquarters
well J now I'm really excited to see
guardians of the galaxy vol 3
Oh mr. plinkus still there hey guys I
think I finally got it you want to hear
okay
embarking on a rollercoaster journey
full of action and danger the Smurfs are
on a course that leads to the discovery
of the biggest secret in Smurfs history
after her boyfriend dumps her on the eve
of their exotic vacation impetuous
dreamer Emily Middleton Amy Schumer
persuades her ultra cat to his mother
Linda goldie hawn with who travel with
her to paradise polar opposites Emily
and Linda realized that working through
their differences as mother and daughter
and unpredictable hilarious fashion is
the only way to escape the wildly
outrageous jungle adventure they have
fallen into Kramer's humor and goldie
hawn star in the new comedy adventure
snatched we're all operators tiny Horner
I'll create Labour's it a wonderful is
bangers and
I've been their partner dilash Dyson
Sphere Parker Lambert mark made
appearances or destruction Penn State
Minister Zagreb I can't order he must
shall get down to that face lay hair
shop itself a young Peter shorted her
down her face shove it down her face
