Nov 5, 2017
Thor: Ragnarok
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgBWLAKxi-c
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/927313404649406464
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155155411462634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-thor-ragnarok

Half in the bag.
I love to watch movies...in my underwear.
so Jay have you heard
the big news no what is it
they've decided to change the nickname
the casting couch to every piece of
furniture in Hollywood doesn't quite
have the same ring to it no all right
you two I've got some questions for you
Oh God
is that why we've taken six years to fix
your VCR what oh is it
why we stole your identity opened up six
credit cards maxed them out and then
paid them off no oh well then it's gotta
be why did we dig up the corpse of your
ex-wife and then display her on your
porch just so that we could win a
neighborhood Halloween decoration
contest oh my god wasn't worth it
here's a $20 Applebee's gift card worth
it I think so no no no I heard you two
idiots saw Thor Ragnarok yay
well if you two love Marvel movies so
much they should be very familiar with
them especially your two favorites Thor
and Thor - this was the third one yeah I
loved Thor 1 & 2 they're the most
memorable movies in the Marvel Cinematic
Universe part with Thor and his hammer
and so many memorable characters well I
got a few questions for you let's begin
shall we
all right you two I'm gonna ask you
questions about the Thor movies and
you're going to answer them well I mean
this should be pretty easy we've seen
both of them and they are very memorable
right right
all right then in the prologue to the
first film who did the ask are
his wage war with the Kryptonians I
remember the Rainbow Bridge
how many realms are there
according to Thor 48 I say to somewhere
in between 17 lower 14 lower nine
correct name any of Thor's friends the
warriors three idris elba there the girl
of the girl pass Fandral Volstagg and
hogan who can wield me and lore mule
near no it's Mjolnir Mjolnir who can
wield Mjolnir it is a mule NER
you just made that up wait it's a mill
near a person or a thing anyone who was
worthy can wield Mjolnir it's Thor's
hammer dipshit
why is Thor on earth in the first film
he gets banished by his dad correct
correct
what ceremony was interrupted by a minor
invasion of frost giants early in the
first Thor movie I know this Loki was
gonna be crowned like the king or
something
Thor was going to be crown okay what
other future Avenger makes his cinematic
first appearance in the first Thor movie
it's Hawkeye that's the one scene I
remember I don't remember that at all
yeah who are the villains in Thor the
dark world there's some sort of like
albino elf creatures intergalactic space
book can you be more specific than all
vital elf creatures what are you look at
me they're dark elves in Thor of the
dark world what is dr. Jane Foster
filled with
come come
what does Thor's name does that
something to do with Loki what is the
twist at the end of Thor the dark world
that it's a light world Loki is
impersonating Odin what oh really
how does he look like Sir Anthony
Hopkins what I think you could just be
making stuff up and we wouldn't even
know how I remember is space books
there's always space bugs Jay always
what do the dark elves need the aether
form a super weapon that's gonna shoot a
blue laser into the sky super weapon no
resurrect their evil God King no take
over the earth
no take over another realm no super
weapon no resurrect our God King no we
did see these movies right I think so I
definitely was in the theatre and my
eyes were open and I was looking at the
screen
we were reviewed both of them we did we
should go back and watch our reviews so
we know what we think of them we're
starting to think there's something
wrong with our brains
mr. blinken fell asleep oh my god ah now
we can talk about Thor 3 hey kids it's
more Marvel movie time Thor Ragnarok is
about 2 hours and 10 minutes long Thor
is doing some things gets caught up in
some kind of misadventure and then has
to stop a bad villain from doing a bad
thing next
well everybody we're here again to talk
about the next film in the series of
endless Marvel films called Thor's this
Li Oh what was it called Thor Ragnarok
this wasn't Justice League no it wasn't
and clearly looked nothing like Justice
League J but we're not here to talk
about the Justice League we're here to
talk about movie 623 in the Marvel
endless Marvel Cinematic Universe called
Thor Ragnarok J what did you think about
Thor Ragnarok Wow he's not really down
on this movie hey Ron I've run out of
steam is it is it just the Marvel
fatigue is completely set in because I'm
gonna say I thought this movie was
delightful it's a class a case of how
important the details in a movie are
because when you look at it like the
plots and the just basic elements of
what happened in it completely generic
we've seen it a million times already
but there's so much that it's directed
by Taika Waititi who did a hilarious
movie called what we do in the shadows
which I've seen two times maybe three
times I only saw it for the first time a
few months ago I've not seen his
follow-up movie on October I've not seen
this following movie hunt for the wilder
people I think it's called no one cares
about that yeah what we do in the
shadows is a fun fun little vampire foe
documentary mockumentary mostly
ad-libbed
with all those wonderful wonderful New
Zealand accents ragnaroks sort of a new
cycle in the life of the world all the
realms of the universe it's the
destruction of the old' and the rebirth
of the new that's really exciting to me
I expected the movie to be a little more
funny it was kind of surprised that yeah
it which I kind of liked it was
consistently humorous like I was
chuckling through most of it it wasn't
like Spider Man homecoming where I was
just an outright comedy which I think is
good I was worried at the very beginning
of this movie that it was had the same
problem as guardians the galaxy 2 which
was every time there's a serious
dramatic moment cut it off with a joke I
like Irina's the galaxy 2 but that was
one of my problems with it that's a
trademark James Gunn characteristic yes
and at the beginning of this movie the
opening scene which I thought was
creative and sort of weird and fun it
did that a couple of times I was like oh
no is this gonna be the whole movie but
then it kind of evens out after that
it's three minds after that I don't know
I like that opening scene the opening of
the film Thor is is battling like like
the creature at the end of The Lord of
the Rings movies the Balrog the Balrog a
giant fire monster and oh there's the
bit where he's he's hanging from a chain
the Balrog is doing is like evil bad guy
speech and Thor's turn slowly turning
and he's like wait wait wait wait that's
that's like chuckle worthy but but it
doesn't do that a whole lot it's just
kind of consistently light-hearted I
don't know it's tricky with these
because you want them to take it
seriously but not too seriously because
they're silly comic book movies and I
think this one strikes the balance
pretty well like let's take it back to
the beginning this this idea for Thor
Ragnarok comes from a comic book called
Planet Hulk sort of which we have here
but the story as described by rich was
Hulk gets banished he's in space he's
fixing a space evil space satellite and
then Hulk ends up on this planet he
fights in a gladiatorial arena and then
eventually he takes over the planet
becomes their king and leads an army
back to earth to get revenge and it's
this really complex storyline and weird
and weird so it seems like they just
kind of lifted some of the the visual or
story elements from it a gladiatorial
arena you know alien planet blah blah
blah and that really was just setting
the stage to move on to villain with
doomsday plot you just over here now to
prevent Ragnarok the end of everything
so I'm putting together a team
and I think that's what like I just got
tired from and I understand because your
your average movie-going fan who's in
the theater picking his nose and eating
his boogers which did happen by the way
well we saw this film I'm gonna talk
about that in a minute isn't going to
want to watch a story that that's not a
bad guy it's not boilerplate it's not
familiar to them and and I'm kind of
ready for that at this point I'm not
saying I have the superhero movie
fatigue but I'm gonna be miserable
watching the Justice League
I might even be miserable watching Star
Wars because I just Justice League is
gonna be space bugs and bad guy DN and
we have to be UEFA learn teamwork I feel
like the Marvel movies are starting to
venture into the weirder stuff maybe
eventually we'll get to a point will to
make something really fucked up like
Planet Hulk that doesn't have bad guy
has an army and we have to stop them
only upon diminishing returns I don't
know maybe but it's like with this movie
it that's the basic storyline but
everything above that it embraces the
weirdness more you know it's been in
business for a real long time J
McDonald's sure that's I mean I'm not
gonna say these weird I don't have to
say anything more sure I mean that's
been said before these are these are
cookie cutter movies but they are
starting to because when we mentioned
you mentioned our review of age of
Ultron that was the point with these
Marvel movies where it was just like
they all felt so bland you know amp man
like they all did like they're all fine
they're all well-made but they just
started to feel very generic see I like
that this movie was it was colorful it
was weird it had interesting characters
it had a lighter tone Jeff Goldblum they
hired him and said just be Jeff Goldblum
but you're in a space setting but it
wasn't in the movie he was not enough
enough that's the problem was that this
this film had had a great trailer
that teaser trailer is like the greatest
teaser trailer of everything you've got
the Led Zeppelin song immigrant song
playing and it's like the perfect song
and you have all these visuals going on
and it's just and it's like and a lot of
the stuff that was awesome in the
trailer like the slo-mo of although the
Valkyries on the flying Pegasus's it's
like flashback it's a one shot a
flashback and then and then it's like oh
look at the style look at the visuals
this is so weird and great and the song
works
whoa that's different you know it goes
along with your theory you do a weird
smart indie film they push you up just
immediately you're in the two-hour
movies but then then the the facade
crumbles and then you get there's it's
like it's like there's the foundation
beneath this house made of cool things
the house made of cool things crumbles
and the foundation is there which is bad
guy bad thing
doomsday plot gotta stop bad guy learn
to work as a team etc because that you
that foundation those pillars of
concrete that hold up everything else
that's what the popcorn munchers and the
nose-pickers want and they understand
well they see it's interesting you say
it crumbles under that foundation I
would say the movie is elevated because
of what it adds on top of that
foundation this is a ball pit it's a
ball pit in a Burger King lots of
colored balls I one jump in the ball pit
and then after a while there's a realize
there's a bottom to the ball pit and
that all the balls around me are covered
in snot and popcorn grease and I just
want to get out of the ball pit cuts a
fixture of Patrick Stewart and I I'm
okay let's just let's just let's just
tangent here for a moment okay I think I
might be crabby okay I'm crabby Jay why
are you crabby Mike um well we Jay and I
talked off the record yesterday about a
story that broke it was not about
sexual assault allegations are there
other stories out there there are it was
about the Disney Company oh yes
basically demanding a higher percentage
of box office returns for Star Wars part
eight and then also demanding longer
runs in their biggest theater houses
right which which is fine if you have a
multiplex with 38 screens Star Wars is
probably gonna last four or five weeks
but if you have a little tiny theater
with one screen or two it's gonna hurt
you and it also is a way to monopolize
the market by saying Star Wars is
staying here if you want Star Wars it's
got to stay here but you can't bring in
these other new films that are coming
out it's like kind of bullying the
market a little cuz Disney has the
muscle to do them and they're the Empire
yeah they're the Empire they've altered
the deal so my initial thought was ouch
don't do that Disney movie theaters are
something that's dying and then today I
thought let them die only today you
thought that it's been boiling up inside
me I thought let them die keep the small
art house theaters for the niche films
here and there because when I go to
those it's quiet people are respectful
there's a boring-ass movie on the screen
that nobody wants to see but myself and
a handful of other elderly people keep
those running but the multiplexes need
to die because one think of all the
money you spend any year buying
concessions and buying movie tickets you
know what you could do with that money
you could buy an 80 to 120 inch
high-definition 4 or 8k television right
think about that let's talk long-term
investments here the people that we're
talking about that go to these movies
they're not thinking about long-term
investments that well I'm going to lay
out a multi-point plan Oh so with that
money you could buy a gigantic TV in
your living room and
or a high-speed Internet connection
Studios then when star wars the last
Jedi for example comes out you want to
watch this in your home it's gonna cost
you 25 to 50 bucks I know that's a model
that I think some studios are working on
where you pay through the roof because
you're gonna have four or five six
people come over to your house and watch
it so it ends up being about fifty bucks
I'll pay that it's almost like a
convenience fee to I would gladly pay
more to not have to go to a theater and
have people munch popcorn in my ear and
make weird noises the group of guys I
sat directly next to in this theater one
the guy is set directly next to was
horribly sick with a cold he was visibly
digging into his nose in eating his own
boogers and he smelled and he was
constantly coughing and munching on food
in my fucking ear and also in the
hallway leading into the theater someone
vomited all over the floor and nobody
cleaned it up i I highly I'm just so
annoyed because I think I was just
distracted the whole time because I'm
trying not to breathe in this guy's
coughing in my face and and I'm just
like oh god when is the fucking movie
gonna be over so I think that it made a
huge dent in my enjoyment of the film
and because I was distracted and the guy
kept going oh wow ooh that's gotta hurt
and like stop fucking talking
internalize I will say it because I
obviously enjoyed the movie much more
than you but when it was on the whatever
that plan it was Jeff Goldblum's planet
really yeah the junk planet he lands
it's just junk everywhere that's all the
stuff I liked and then occasionally it
would cut back to the the villain
plotline yeah maybe like yeah right
right I was like yeah I just get back to
the weird stuff that's that's the stuff
I really like I I never felt like the
movie got bogged down by it maybe just
cuz I really liked Cate Blanchett in it
too but it was definitely like they
would cut back to Asgard yeah well
that's the thing is is when you watch
the trailer for it that seemed kind of
inverted whereas I think it's like the
to get away from Asgard and do it a
whole new thing yes it's inverted it's
like
she's a Scot his dad and then this you
see like the flames destroy house guard
and then it's like oh did it and then
though that I thought that was gonna be
the opening ten minutes of the movie
they Blanchett shows up I am bad lady
blow up a skirt I took over black Thor
you're banished banished you to the the
junk planet and then Thor the rest of
the movie into the last 10 minutes Thor
is having adventures on junk planet and
fight in gladiatorial Rena's he teams up
with Hulk they take down Jeff Goldblum
you know the wacky things happen
adventures they have a band of misfit
gladiators and they're doing a thing and
we discover Jeff Goldblum is suppressing
all these people and all this batch is
happening this junk planet and then they
go yeah we gotta go back to Asgard to
kill Resident Evil or whatever her name
is Resident Evil he's okay she's wearing
vampire underground vampire assassin
what Cate Blanchet Blanchett
isn't she an vampire squad what's that
fucker movie everybody determine the
underworld
always that's that's Kate Beckinsale no
Cate Blanchett that's how I was want to
see her in this too because you think
Cate Blanchett you think of like classy
you know classy movies and here she's
just like hamming it up which is the
lord of the rings' girl yeah she's in
Lord of the Rings that's that lady that
is that lady the whole time ago has also
been in many many other film I thought
it was Kate Beckinsale because she has
black hair yes
Cate Blanchett does not normally have
black hair she does in this movie and
she's wearing like all black latex which
is like the underworld movies yeah I
think a very vaguely can understand your
confusion
Kate black hair mostly chalk it up to
dementia but I can understand just a
little bit what you're talking about
yeah so so then I thought they're gonna
go back and knock her deer antlers off
okay take her down the stairs and take
back Asgard after a wacky fun adventure
in the junk planet yeah the tree the
trailer really makes it look when I saw
the full trailer the teaser trailer was
perfect and then the full trailer is
like oh it's guardians of the galaxy and
it's not really it the trailer really
makes it look like oh this wacky band
weirdos they team up to stop an evil
threat they kind of do but they all have
their own motivation which actually
really likes that they all kind of are
coming at it from their own anger yes
everybody thought you were dead
there's so much has happened since I
last saw you lost my hammer like
yesterday so that's still pretty fresh
Loki Loki Loki's alive you believe it
he's like he's up there
and tell me is it Jotunheim
let me explain to father father is dead
they definitely made his personality
less serious than he was in the previous
movies from what I can remember he's
always just sort of like and that sort
of fish-out-of-water stuff that was in
the first store I remember some of that
and here he's just more lighthearted and
jokey it's like I mean I understand why
you would want to do that because he's
such a fucking boring character but it
did it did come across as sort of like
oh this is the same guy yeah a little
bit he has to be like I think Thor is
kind of a wink-wink character now he
needs to be more charming and humorous
he can't be stoic and serious because
then you know you have to derive humor
from somewhere unless he has a sidekick
it could have been Thor and Bruce Banner
the whole time I like this stuff with
that it wasn't like a buddy cop kind of
vibe back and forth like that stuff but
Mark Ruffalo wasn't in it enough to make
that work
it needed like those two like caught in
some kind of jail underneath this
gladiatori arena like all of that could
have just been really really fun yeah
one of the best scenes of the movie is
the two of them when he stole the Hulk
in there yeah just hang it on that room
talking buy the same you know just a
couple of hotheaded fools
yeah same Hulk like fire door like water
kind of both like fire but a whole like
raging fire so I like smoldering fire
no I think it just focused on I don't
wanna say the wrong things but I think
it focused on stuff that I wasn't
interested in more the generic plot
stuff yeah I mean it is a Thor movie so
you have to do the Asgard you have to do
the he the Odin Ango the King Loki the
brother family stuff thrown ass guard
and the citizens and all that kind of
stuff it has to come into play because
it's a Thor movie but I was ready to see
just an unrelated Thor slash Hulk
adventure on a planet that had nothing
to do with a skirt get sorry while the
music briefly scores by Mark
Mothersbaugh from Devo and it's the
first fucking score in any of these
Marvel movies that didn't feel
completely generic and forgettable
there's a nice little a lot of it is
sort of the typical orchestral stuff but
then there'd be these nice little
flourishes of this sort of synthy divo
ii type stuff and i was like this is
great and it elevated like there's a
when they're trying to escape to the
what do they call it the the Satan's
anus or whatever it is all the Devils in
the devil's anus there's a nice little
spaceship chase sequence there and I was
thinking I was so distraught distracted
by the music but I was noticing the
music but it but instead it was scored
with this sort of John Carpenter esque
kind of rhythmic pulsating cynthy nose
like this completely changes the feel of
this action scene yeah I mean it's fine
action wise I mean you have like a bunch
of crazy stuff going on like the Hulk is
fighting giant wolf oh yeah and there's
that too which we didn't even mention so
get into the weird stuff it's just now
now is the time to break away from the
bad guy wants to take over it now is the
time after this to me the weird stuff
was in service of bland plot and so like
I said opening Kate Kate Blanchet takes
over Asgard 80% of the mill movie is
them on the gladiator planet wacky
hijinx with Dustin Hoffman sorry
confusing that with real life now
yes wacky hijinx Jeff Goldblum and
they're like some kind of like fun they
got to escape the planet a little more
cleverly chair to get back to Asgard I
mean there was the sequence where
they're like we got a steal so and so
shit but I was just like Loki I got the
codes and Loki tricked them we knew that
was coming they get on the ship and they
to kind of have a little fight it kind
of reminded me of Star Trek into
darkness to flaner on the cities and
they're jumping then the ship punching
people and I really yeah I need more
cleverness more cleverness more humor do
something funny with Jeff Goldblum he
brings out that that vaporizing pain
stick oh yeah never comes back yeah I
wonder if there was more right up his
butt they need to melt him that's
something like they set it's like that
was a great little world that and there
was only one gladiator fight Hulk
fighting the giant wolf in the gladiator
arena would have been cool Oh
want to see more stuff more crazy stuff
that wasn't in service of bad guy wants
to be bad premise I kind of made it more
like the movie arena have you ever seen
that you know late 80s I think I think
it's not like one of the last Empire
movies but it's it's yeah this aliens
battling each other in like a like an
arena but I also could have been like
the running man where I think they had
the collars that would make their heads
blow up if they disobeyed or tried to
escape and they're all kind of prisoners
and they're forced to perform in this
like broadcasted TV show and they're all
running around I think there was just
like a bunch of wacky side characters
buzz saw oh yeah
like a chain saw there's zero and and so
like having like the Hulk and Thor like
in this kind of like situation with like
all these weird super powerful alien
prisoners from all over the galaxy like
fighting each other you can do the
gladiator ring too but you can also do
like this and that yeah in fact there is
an episode of Star Trek Voyager like
that
it was the early career the early acting
career I should say of one Dwayne
Johnson aka the rock he was on Star Trek
he was on Star Trek Voyager 7 of 9
because she's Borg hybrid got kidnapped
by this giant spaceship I'm gonna had
all these satellite dishes on the top
and it transmitted a gladiator arena
where you could watch it you know all
these distant planets and everyone bet
on it and so everyone fought each other
in the gladiator arena and seven of nine
had to fight the rock and he didn't say
anything was this pre the Scorpion King
oh yeah because he didn't say a word I
guess they didn't know what the rock was
cooking in terms of acting things
insulted me by putting you in the pit to
face me
I possess superior strength
thinking that concepts fun yeah there
it's been done before is what the point
I'm making I'm not just trying to bring
up Star Trek well I've mentioned that
movie arena I would love to see a
big-budget version of arena it's all
these weird there's like a big alien
slug monster that's trying to battle
like a normal human and it's funny if
you look at that because there's like a
crowd of people in the stands but you
can tell that they're all like cardboard
cutouts mmm it's super cheap
and the fun part about movies like that
which we've mentioned the the Star Trek
episodes Running Man Arena there's a lot
of movies and TV shows that are like
that the fun part about those types of
stories is taking down the system that
you are enslaved in okay it's the
outside it's like the fuck is a Russell
Crowe movie that movie where he's I
think is a call gladiator with Russell
Crowe there Italy Scott whoo yeah what
it's called so your central character
who's the outsider who's who's strong a
strong-willed as well who gets thrown
into this world and then you have this
this maniacal tyrant who's who's
deriving pleasure or profit from
exploiting others and then the the
ultimate goal of that is to take down
the system I don't think we ever saw
what happened to Jeff Goldblum they just
leave some sort of window and gets a
spaceship and leaves because got to get
away from this more intriguing story we
got to get back to Asgard the soundscape
blanchett from doing things and take
over the universe
jinan I mean there therein lies my main
problem with the movie is it just seemed
like it was constantly pulling away from
from what could have been wacky and
interesting and funny and ad-lib II and
Bruce Banner running down a hallway like
being chased by like this big worm gloom
Oh audience cheering yelling Turner do
the Hulk turn into the huh and Jeff
Goldblum like eating grapes and Bruce
Banner was like shitting his pants and
then you know
monster
goddess of death
so Mike would you recommend thor
ragnarok I would after your rants no
it's it's again like a mild
recommendation for me recommend it on a
home video or streaming my my crusade to
end theater chain industry has begun all
down burn it all down Hollywood burn
Hollywood burn well Jay would you
recommend thor ragnarok I would a little
more enthusiastically than you I I'm
hoping that we get away from the villain
of the week stuff I think we've had
enough of it we didn't need it and
Deadpool we didn't need it and Logan
there's that new the New Mutants movie
that's coming out that's like a
straight-up horror film so I like that
we're taking the stuff in different
directions I guess with something like
Thor it's a little bit one of their like
flagpole movies you have to kind of
stick to that but we'll see where they
go I overall though I liked the humor
and I liked the the tone of this movie a
lot just needs more Jeff Goldblum what
doesn't
well Mike I suppose we should move back
to our regular chairs before somebody
leaves a comment that we're sitting on
opposite sides because I doubt anybody
has done that yet
I'm sure they'll wait till after the
video is completely done before leaving
a comment like is Jay sitting on the
left replacing Mike sitting on the
left's right is Jay replacing Mike and
is Mike replacing Jay I'm sure nobody
has left that comment because they've
seen that people have already made those
comments so much in the past that
they're like oh it's been done so I
won't say it so let's switch back before
we get to the ending bit that we already
shot okay all right this is much better
