Jan 22, 2017
La La Land and Bye Bye Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1m3rGh6DUI
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/823189079688876032
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154296170342634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-la-la-land-and-bye-bye-man

Half in the bag.
Fuck movies.
this one might take a little bit of work
oh hi J I didn't know you're there
I'm always here
so I've been looking into how we
can get power of attorney over mr.
Plunkett and it's quite simple actually
so if the person is like really really
old and confused or has dementia and you
know can't handle their own affairs then
it's easy to become power of attorney
the problem is though you have to be a
relative or a family member oh fuck yeah
it's quite a big hurdle to get around
but I found a way since gay marriage is
now legal I went ahead and filed the
paperwork for you to become mr. plinkus
husband hey wait a minute why do you
have a problem with that
don't you like unlimited money he gets
trucks for Medicare from Social Security
disability his pension and he gets
cheques for his time when he was a war
criminal in Colombia mmm that is a lot
of checks but what are you homophobic
sign here great well I would rather
fraudulently marry an elderly man than
have anyone think I'm a homophobe and
you know you don't have to consummate
the marriage unless you want to
sign here for consummation rights I'll
pass on that but right now and this line
here indicates that mr. blanket has
reserved the right for prima nocta well
I gotta say this is a pretty clever plan
Mike why thank you
so you actually got mr. Plunkett to sign
off on this - uh more or less - remember
when we had to order parts and I had mr.
blankets sign off on them well that's
when I had him signed the marriage
license
so you just tricked him into signing a
paper that he didn't realize he was
consenting to he has very fraudulent
that's why I hired a lawyer for us he's
gonna put together the paperwork to make
us power of attorney and because mr.
blinken didn't know what document he was
signing the lawyers gonna look the other
way in exchange for 10% of all the money
that comes in which is for a pretty fair
deal oh sure that's fine I'm okay with
this he wrote us a number down here on
this legal pad and I'm gonna call him
hmm that's interesting excited oh
nothing it's just that the lawyer's
office number is only one digit away
from mr. plinkus home phone number Oh
which one why the last digit of course
I'm gonna call the number right now okay
what was that I think it's a siren or
something else yeah oh well one more
number to complete the call
hello mr. Friedman it's Mike and Jay
from lightning-fast VCR repair
I got Jay to sign the marriage license
which makes him mr. plinkus fraudulent
husband we're ready to come by any time
to fill out the paperwork to make us
power of attorney over him so that we
could steal all of his money yeah that's
great Mike I'll be in my office until
5:30 okay sounds great we'll see you
then bye bye man Mike don't think it
don't say it don't think it don't say it
la-la-land fight don't think it don't
say it don't think it don't say it
bye-bye man lala land
don't think it don't say it bye-bye man
lala land
don't think don't say it bye-bye man
lala land hello bye bye man oh no I did
it again
from the director of whiplash comes
another one of his shitty movies just
give up already you wee bull your movie
sock this latest film is a musical
comedy-drama starring Ryan Gosling and
Emma Stone as people trying to make it
in Los Angeles hey genius
guess what they already did make it Ryan
Gosling and Emma Stone have been in a
ton of movies what are you stupid
well Jane what did you think of the
critically acclaimed lulala lulala lamb
la-la-land loveland which is Los Angeles
oh is that what it means the whole time
I was I was thinking when are they gonna
get to lala land I thought it was like
like national lampoon's vacation and
they were gonna go on a little road trip
and get to the theme park right the
moose out front should have told you I
was waiting for all this to happen one
day when are they gonna get to lala land
um I think this movie is going to sweep
the Academy Awards because if it's one
thing they love it's movies where
Hollywood sucks its own dick oh this is
a fine film I understand why a lot of
people like it it had a big hurdle to
get over for me which is I don't care
about musicals there's a couple that I
like but in general it's not my thing I
don't like movies about the glamour
trying to make it in LA in Hollywood I
don't care about that shit and I didn't
particularly like either of the main
characters so I liked the movie on
almost every technical aspect and that's
kind of it for me
it was a little uneven and in lots of
parts but overall I liked it a lot
and I was thinking about this because
the other film were reviewing is called
the bye-bye man well yeah we all we have
to set this up that this is the
introduction of our new segment on the
show which is Mike and Jay review two
movies that have been out for a while
because the title sound funny when you
say them together right that's TM that's
the official name of the segment yes
lala land and bye bye man
to similar sounding names but two very
different films both critically
acclaimed though yes that's true no I
liked la-la-land
lot I wouldn't say it was a perfect
movie or those spectacular or anything
but I felt a lot of emotion in it it was
something that was refreshing and
different because I was gonna reference
by my man by my man attempted to create
a new horror character by remaking every
other horror franchise ever yes is very
derivative but they tried to make a new
horror character wasn't a remake or
sequel or a reboot and then lala land
was a musical the last time we saw a
musical was that terrible terrible movie
with all those people in it that was
that was panned widely I think it was
late mr. Rob oh and look at me Hathaway
and I think a Wolverine singing in it
it's like a disaster I didn't see it but
there were but what this wasn't like a
musical like that it was a you know
throwback to the glamour or 1950s like
yeah that kind of would not just in
terms of musicals but the movie itself
feels sort of nostalgic yes it's very
nostalgic and but with a little bit of a
modern-day twist but without getting too
cynical and I think that's kind of where
some of the unevenness came from well
Ryan Gosling plays hipster who is into
jazz and he's he's like like hardcore
jazz purist and I'm stone Alice Amal
Watson Emma Stone Watson was who was
originally cast in this that's just
fucking crazy
don't even bother telling me why so Emma
Stone plays you know a barista actress
who's going to endless auditions and
trying to live the typical Hollywood
dream but there's a scene when Ryan
Gosling surprises are at dinner and they
have that conversation you know and it's
basically like you know Ryan Gosling
kind of sells out to be a performer and
then so the focus
the two characters and what their
careers are and like it had this like
moment where it's like oh there's gonna
be movie about following your dreams
yeah and then she's also successful and
then the other man goes back and forth
and so the the narrative wasn't quite
clear the parts that were for me were
the magical musical numbers and the
opening was was was simply fabulous see
the the the freelance a very often it
was great fabulous and then there's a
part where they go to the Griffith
Observatory and like dancing and then
they start floating up into the into the
planetarium dome and then it's like and
then and then that's kind of like
contrasted with some really like
realistic character stuff and so see
that's sort of this is weird I'm like on
the exact opposite end which is the the
magical musical numbers for the most
part didn't work for me but the the more
character-driven scenes did oh no I'm
the character driven scenes worked I'm
saying they they conflicted a little oh
she's a little that's why I didn't get
into the musical numbers because it it
almost felt like like would the tone the
movie was going for kind of came to a
halt to do these magical musical numbers
right it felt at odds with with the tone
of the rest of the movie which is a
little more grounded and real and I I
mean clearly these are smart people
that's what they were going for but it
didn't it didn't work for me at all
prints dreams that we keep running into
each other maybe it means something I
doubt it yeah you could just write your
own roles you know write something
that's as interesting as you are what
are you gonna do and my own Club
I thought the tone needed to be a little
more a little less grounded more more
whimsy and it needed more music yeah the
second half of the movie kind of seems
to forget that it's a musical for the
most part when it gets more focused on
the the characters and the the drama
between them and then all of a sudden
Emma Stone goes to an audition she
starts singing again and I was like oh
that's right it's a musical yeah there's
a lull in the middle where there's a
lack of songs and it's different in like
the traditional musical sense where it's
like boom boom you know set up scene
music song right song it kind of takes
its own like it takes its own structure
yeah it was it was a throwback thing it
was paying homage to you know Fred
Astaire Ginger Rogers 1950s especially
the opening credits like presented and
said let's go but you know it's going
for the old Hollywood thing and then he
had like some imagery in there like you
know the they had this mural on the wall
and that mural by the way is also
featured in the critically acclaimed
film Hollywood cop
very very similar film absolutely
Emma Stone was a lot better than Ryan
Gosling that's that's what I wanted to
mention another problem I had with the
movie is that I haven't read any reviews
of this so I don't know if people are
saying like they have great chemistry I
thought they had no chemistry you have
two actors who have an on-screen
chemistry that I think is one for the
ages great chemistry years I thought
they had no chemistry
I'm on-screen chemistry I thought they
had no chemistry I thought they had no
chemistry I thought they had no
chemistry
I thought they both worked well
individually and their scenes apart from
each other like I'm a stone going to
audition she comes across very sort of
vulnerable and unbelievable and Ryan
Gosling almost seems like he's acting
sarcastically through the whole movie oh
that I cannot make true
there's a little bit of that and the
scenes were there together I I didn't
feel any like that's which for a movie
like this or it's essentially a love
story you need that that connection and
I didn't feel that it's it's a hard
thing to direct this movie because it's
like do you have them play it like like
a chipper 1950s musical or or are they
gonna come off with a foolish if if it
fails you know I'll do it done I'll do
it I never want to see you again
on or off the screen that's that's the
clash I felt through the whole movie
which is sort of what kept me from
getting more into it other than just
sort of marveling at the the you know
all the technique involved in making the
movie like all the musical numbers lots
of long one-shot takes the
cinematography is gorgeous like
everything looks great I mean it's a
nice looking movie but I thought it also
conflicted a little because there's
times where it looks like a horror movie
I noted right at the beginning and you
mentioned the opening musical number on
the bridge with all the traffic being
fabulous right off the bat I was like
something's awkward and I think it was
everyone starts dancing towards the
camera and the Sun is behind them and
they're like in complete like their
faces are completely dark and they're
singing and dancing and I was like
they're in shadow and it was very
bizarre yeah and then the camera flips
around and everybody's brightly lit
because the Sun is facing them and I was
like okay well they're doing this
outside in real lighting like they can
you know they can't fake everything but
it still it was distracting when the
very first shot and the very first
musical number and everyone's just their
face is dark right right it had a yeah
when you see people singing and dancing
like you know if it was a scene from a
movie where there's like earthquake
going on or you know you'd be like wow
that's different but if they're singing
and dancing they're like breaking that
fourth wall and the lighting needs to
aswell like there's a dance number in
the apartment that she shares with three
other women and they're in it they're
kind of like dancing and it looks like
it just looks like a scene from a movie
and it needs more color and it's a pop
well it's more vibrant it's tricky
because I think that's what they were
going for to make a musical that still
feels somewhat grounded in reality but I
think in order to really buy a musical
where people just start singing and
dancing out of nowhere you need a
little bit of artifice yeah it's a lot
of different pieces to try and put into
a film to make it work and I think they
did a very good job not an excellent job
but a very good job because I I found
myself enjoying it and I found myself
feeling emotional and and I haven't felt
that in a movie in about 32 years
certainly not in another film that I saw
that's an Oscar Oscar bait Oscar
contender movie and this is not a
reficul review but I saw Manchester by
the sea oh yeah I have not seen that yet
that's that's also it's a good movie
that's a lot of great acting but it's
like a mumblecore movie everyone's
talking over each other everyone's
miserable
and it's gray and it's about people
dying in a fire now can you imagine if
they broke out into like tap-dance
numbers and that movie I would love it
then you got something with that and I
don't know I just like was like hey this
is this is nice this is different it's a
very pleasant movie yeah pleasant I
think is a bit bit condescending I don't
mean to be kind of sunny and I mean most
people well clearly everybody loves this
movie it's doing great it gets done
great reviews there's no so many
elements of it that didn't really work
for me even outside of the just think
being a musical like clearly that's a
detriment for my personal enjoyment
right there but I like musicals just
just as a story like I don't know I even
like grease - I'm that guy I like ups -
we reference grease - or in a recent
video I didn't even realize that's what
it was a reference to and we did it
let's bowl it's bull let's rock and roll
let's bowl let's bowl like rock'n'roll
hey c'mon is bowling a metaphor for
fucking everything is a metaphor for
fucking in the grease films day
well no okay no no spoilers on
la-la-land it because I I found the
ending very satisfying yes the onion
actually elevated a lot of the movie for
me
because I wasn't really connecting with
the characters that much and then we get
to the end and it's like oh okay it's
about something a little bit bigger Thea
matically than just these people trying
to make it in LA it becomes about
something a little broader thanks to the
ending and I thought that worked really
well yeah it it takes it does a lot of
work to build up to that ending and then
it it lets it all out it almost feels
like they had someone had an idea for
this ending and then they just kind of
like built a movie around getting to
that point because that was the only
kind of emotionally resonant stuff for
me it was that ending la-la-land check
it out it's going well the Oscars
you about him you and your kids you're
all dead from the acclaimed director of
Snoop Dogg's hood of horror which is a
real movie apparently comes the bye-bye
man a new horror film that's the
cinematic equivalent of a dumpster fire
for no reason at all if you say the name
bye-bye man he'll come to kill you and
anyone you tell the name to so don't
think it don't say it this guy must work
a lot of overtime also he has a dog
creature that wandered in from the
theater next door playing the latest
Resident Evil film Mike Oh Mike what did
you think of the bye-bye man well did
you know this is the Ryan Gosling turned
on the lead role in the bye-bye man to
star in la-la land okay anyway uh a bye
bye man was a dumpster fire what can I
say this is I don't know how you feel
about this but I think this may very
well be the absolute worst movie that
we've ever done on half in the bag
it's a shockingly bad film it's
amazingly bad it's it's the closest
we've come to a half in the bag movie
that feels like it should probably be on
best of the worst instead it's just like
they failed on such a such a grand scale
yeah every everything I mean we've seen
movies that I've probably hated more
mm-hmm but this one like every aspect of
it except the fact that the shots were
in focus but this has some of the worst
acting I've ever seen in a major release
and I'm sure we'll get into that the
story makes absolutely no sense and
worst of all it's fucking boring for the
first hour the last half-hour has some
unintentionally funny parts but the rest
of it I can't remove the last movie we
saw where I just wanted to get up and
leave the theater like well it was play
I almost couldn't take it I was like
this is I was it was I was struggling to
stay awake to be honest with you it was
so boring it reminds me of when we did
that bit when we made up to plot for
like Graham on the walls oh there was no
person in the walls in this man no no
but but it's like you know here where
there is almost no plot progression at
all it's like here's our premise our
premises yeah you can't say bye-bye man
okay you're in a house characters wander
around and try and stop each other from
saying bye-bye man for 90 minutes well
no they don't they do that at the very
end and the first 85 minutes is we hear
noises are you guys talking in the
basement you were done in the base right
now
by the man this is doing something your
head for some reason the only plot
element in the film is that his
nightstand the guy a crazed guy in the
past was writing a news article about a
teenager in Iowa killed his family wrote
don't think it don't say it don't think
it so say it in the drawer of a
nightstand and underneath it for no
reason at all he wrote bye-bye man
well that's the thing I didn't
understand like if he doesn't want
people to because the whole idea is that
hey it was there so that the main
character could read it's there so the
plot would happen man the premise is if
you say the bye bye man
the bye bye man will come from coming
for you to kill you and anyone that you
tell about it if they know about the bye
bye man it'll come for them as well even
if they just think it in their brain
apparently and then yeah so it spreads
from there kind of like it follows and a
little a little bit like it follows only
the rules and follows make sense because
the whole idea like the bar guy man will
come for you and kill you so you have to
kill everyone that you told to buy by
man about it's like spreading a disease
or an idea like but why go around and
kill everybody that you told it to if
the bar man is just gonna kill him
anyway it's like a chain email shit go
forward it you if you're the last one
who doesn't forward it it doesn't go on
later but in that so it's the sky that
goes around he shoots the people he told
in the opening prologue which is shot
like a comedy film
first of all the very first shot of the
movie is overexposed and that's what I
was like oh no like immediately it's a
shot of a house and it's a white house
and it's like overexposed but yeah so
that's the guy he goes around he kills
everybody that he told about the bye-bye
man so if he doesn't want this to spread
further why would he carve the bye-bye
man into a nightstand oh oh you know why
Jay I'm remembering it now do you
remember when the terrible actress in
the film wrote which one the blonde
there's only one actress in the film or
other than there the main blonde the one
that was struggling to have a convincing
American accent yes oh it wasn't obvious
yeah and and the house maybe he can find
somewhere else
her job is an actress though yeah she's
an actress there and actresses typically
completely and totally failed to deliver
lines properly convincingly yeah yeah
that's why they put them in movies sure
sure
oh she was writing in her journal like
by man so I think the guy did it
the bye bye man made him do it when he
was not aware of it because we're gonna
pick the kid falls asleep in the library
for like two hours writing bye-bye man
or don't think it don't spray it or
whatever over again in a journal so I
think it was that but it doesn't matter
and also the bye-bye man has two coins
well that's something we okay there's a
whole mythology to the bye bye man this
this movie is nothing but butwhy moments
or I kept saying but why because like
they set up the bye-bye man you know
he's coming for you if you hear coins
hit the floor and I'm like why
what do coins have to do with anything
and then you see his hell dog that looks
like like like uncooked meat loaf in dog
for her and I'm like why uncooked CGI me
why why does he have a dog and then
there's a train that I don't know why
the train has anything to do with
numbers on it yeah like it makes sense
there's a part in the trailer that you
see where because the by-by man makes
you see things or not see things
depending on the the scenario that
result in you getting killed or killing
yourself and so there's a part of the
trailer where a girl's walking towards
train tracks she doesn't
the train is coming train hit certain
kills hurt so it's like okay there's a
train in that scene but the opening of
the movie they just keep cutting two
shots of this train coming towards the
camera and when the bye-bye man's coming
you hear a train and I was like why I
think it was the editor desperately
trying to make the movie work I think he
was trying to make it like weird and
surreal
yeah like I'll just add this shit here
and maybe it'll help yeah because the
the footage that they turned in was
dumpster fire yeah well it's like it's
it's explaining all these details of
mythology it sounds like it's over
explaining but at the same time you
never understand any of it very bizarre
here's what I think happened the the
director of this film is a lady by the
name of Stacy title and her husband who
plays the gay stereotype mr. Daisy
he is an actor and he's also a
screenwriter and he wrote this this
dumpster fire so I think they said let's
make some money and come up with a
shitty horror movie exactly like we did
recently only we did that in five
minutes as a joke we'll come up yeah
exactly
we'll come up with a shitty premise and
we'll have a bunch of filler yeah and
and then at the end we'll just we'll
just add these things and that make no
sense and teens won't care
pretty pg-13 and our we're gonna make
our fourteen point five million dollar
budget in a weekend and we'll make some
profit and that's what they did it's
it's despicable
and the more you think about him the
closer he gets
he's trying insiders also the bye-bye
man we learn at the end he comes stars I
mean character and he's got these lawn
like you know bony fingers and he
touches the forehead of her main
character and that makes the main
character have like like bye-bye man
Tourette's where it's like he keeps
wanting to shout out the name - bye-bye
man which will spread you know the
bye-bye man's you know the threat is
that he's gonna spread it to his niece
to his older older brother and his niece
who show up randomly at the house but if
bye-bye man could just like make you say
his name why doesn't he just do that
from the beginning because the kids like
like holding his mouth it's like comical
it's so terrible it's like a scene out
of liar liar or something where he's
tried to not say the name - bye-bye man
well okay so we got to mention that
drawer because at a certain point our
main character the first day hour of the
movie he looks stoned and bored
he's like this and then he loses his
mind he has his he has more baggage
under his eyes than an airliner let's
just let that one kind of sit for a
little sorry when he flew when he flew
in to do the movie shoot he forgot to
check the bags under his eyes is that
better that's a little better okay but
what's once he realizes what's happening
and he's very pissed off at the dresser
because that's a light stand the night
sky damn he's very angry at the
nightstand and so he grabs it cuz that's
what has the bye-bye man carved into it
and he runs outside and their house is
kind of in the middle of nowhere so he's
running out of the woods and I was like
oh he's gonna burn it he's gonna set it
on fire but instead he just kind of
throws it into the woods it's
conveniently so someone can find it
later
well they set up the fact that his niece
right his older brother's daughter yes
may have read the bye-bye man and so
they did the the brother older brother
is driving back from the house where his
younger brother just blew his brains out
spoilers
little girls like Danny when I went in
the woods to pee I found a nightstand
and he's like Oh tell me about this
nightstand really I give a flying fuck I
gotta call them I gotta call the funeral
home because parents but but he's very
interested in the nightstand because the
movie needs him to be what was gonna
night out well I pulled the drawer open
there is writing in it
Oh what did this writing say and we as
an audience are supposed to be on the
edge of our fuss you say The pieman know
the bye-bye man is she knows the bye-bye
men and their whole family's fucked I
really care about this terrible five
year old actress and her family I'm so
concerned and then she's like I don't
know I couldn't see where my flashlight
or then it just cuts of them driving
away like oh we're supposed to be
relieved it was it was so bad he makes
his duties
Faye Dunaway and Kerri house yeah that
was more of a shot because I knew
carrie-anne moss is in it from the
trailers but then Faye Dunaway shows up
and I just felt so bad for she was in
like Chinatown Network and all these
great movies and then she gets set on
fire for five seconds in this but it's a
fake out you want my help yeah kill the
ones you chose first and then kill
yourself it's the only way there's one
scene in it that was so bad oh well okay
so our main character is trying not to
say the words bye-bye man and he's going
crazy
yeah and he's driving someone I think
they're trying to do a thing like
memorandum Street where the kids are
there's no they're not sleeping so they
start to get a little but this one it's
completely ridiculous right
well the bye-bye man's messing with
their heads so he's driving and then
they're playing that song bye-bye love
cry oh we're gonna have flagged by
YouTube's he's driving he's like and and
it's like it's it supposed to be like
yeah he's singing along and he's yeah it
supposed to be like oh he's losing his
mind but it just comes across completely
comical yeah violently shakes of the car
well it was supposed to be like like
clever or worked here it was like it was
a compliment all I know is that whatever
they were going for they failed
completely it felt like it's like in
like the tummy was so direct this scene
yeah yeah it felt like a Tommy Wiseau
movie and then the Hound that's how you
know he's coming when you see the Hound
and you hear the coins that's when you
know he's close by there's another
flower shop scene the girl the the
blonde goes to the the the what is it
where do you cook flowers in greenhouse
oh yeah I forgot that scene was in the
movies like the bald guy and he's got to
go to answer something and I don't know
why she goes there to ask like where her
friends are or something something and
she's a COO it's cold in here and he's
like my dear it's hot it's fucking here
it's a good house you got to go go to
bed
you gotta see a doctor yeah they're sick
or something but she's like oh no he's
the landlord he's the guy that owns the
house that they're living that's right
so she goes to ask him if he thinks the
house is creepy that's the see she's
like why no she's like you remember you
rented this house out to me and my two
friends he's like oh yes y'all have very
handsome male friends there's handsome
boys are you with this I'm a gay and my
name's mr. Daisy and I play with flowers
I'm like why the fuck is this why is he
gay what is the point of that so dumb
and then she's like I'm cold and he's
like you shouldn't be cold this a
greenhouse it's really really hot in
here
and humid you should go to bed and then
the scene ends so it's it may days he
went back to his home planet miss yes or
you know Chris and the bones you're my
best customer
it's the equivalency of that the hi
doggy scene for Hydra of the room hi
doggy oh the black roommate early in the
movie he he tries to hook up with like
uh like cult girl girl that's into the
occult stuff oh yeah and and then the
next morning he's like sorry that's
never happened to me before and as like
did the bye-bye man make it loses
Boehner doesn't and she couldn't get off
either yeah she's like I had never had
that either where I couldn't finish sex
and then they're just like and then I
see some maggots in her hair and then
the scene ends so yeah bye bye man has
the ability to give you erectile
dysfunction which is really the most
terrifying part of the film which why
again why why why
it spreads like a virus
bye-bye man
why with the name and also his name is
not it's not the wonderful what's that
what's that one name when I was making
fun of the Google but Google or
Rumpelstiltskin or some other crazy name
that no one would ever accidentally say
bye-bye man is pretty common to say like
those three words in a sequence probably
have happened sure so it's not like some
secret magic word well he even finds it
the main character finds it in a
newspaper article that was never
published when he goes to the library
because that's a scene that they still
put in movies and he prints out the
article and he's like scribbling it out
with a with a pen as if that's gonna
make the buy by man disappear like you
could still see it through the pen and
then was the the sassy black librarian
lady comes up and she's like hey they
need a bigger body count in this movie
so I'm here now the bye bye man let's
talk about miss Watkins is that ur day
yes okay I know that because she calls
their house phone which 19 year olds
have and a caller ID on their on their
house one says Watkins oh and I remember
thinking oh the fuck is Watkins and then
it was miss Watkins who somehow knew his
home phone number I guess they're like
BFFs they're best friends they bonded
over their five-second conversation
about the bye-bye man Oh miss Watkins
does it I'll come by your house well you
know what his house you guys are friends
what the fuck's going on
and then so miss Watkins has murdered
her whole family or people to library
they know it's her home oh it's her
hobby she kills her children and her
husband and with a butcher knife yeah
and then like the calmly and
collectively says I'm gonna come to your
house now I think it's supposed she
doesn't realize she did it because she's
under the control - bye bye man no that
defeats the purpose of the vine man if
you'd if you have to do it then what
happens in the movie no I think she knew
she was doing it killed the ones you
chose first and then kill yourself
it's you anyway and then so our hero
what was his name the actor's name is
Doug Smith but Douglas Smith
is driving his car and he's like he's
like I figured out how to how to stop
you bye-bye man I'm just gonna ignore
all your visions like Nightmare on Elm
Street yeah I'm gonna not be scared of
you and that'll take away your power
right he's driving his car and he sees
his friend in the middle of the road
he's like this is just an apparition and
it goes wrong goes through and he's like
gotcha bye-bye man and then he looks
back for no reason to see if the
apparition is behind him and he's like
this what's gonna happen next what do
you think is gonna happen when he turns
to look oh my god it's miss miss Watkins
in the middle of the road in the middle
of the country for some reason she's why
is she out there she's walking to this
house with a butcher knife it's hard to
drive one-handed okay holding a butcher
knife and then he plows into Watkins and
Sons er it took a tree that's just so
holding onto her butcher knife yeah it
could spread everywhere I'm not gonna
let it happen
so Jay would recommend the bye-bye man
you know it's sort of tempting to just
out of a like so bad it's good level but
most of the movie is too boring to even
recommend it as that's it's really only
the last like half hour we're funny
things start to happen but it's so bad
and so like baffling that it's almost
worth seeing just to witness it for
yourself yeah it's it's it's bordering
on a good b-movie but not not bad enough
that first hour wasn't so dull like if
the the funny moments were kind of
sprinkled throughout the whole thing
yeah they would be more easier to
recommend I feel so bad for that lead
actor it was so bad am I still
recommending this yeah I don't see in
the theater cuz I don't want this movie
to make any money I'm sold that's the
problem as it has made money which is
encouraging to people that make shit
like this which is a bad thing if it's
some it's it's a bar lower or yeah it's
you know they say this movie has raised
the bar so movie has lowered the bar for
for people to try even less when making
a horror films because I know it's like
you just need that gimmick you need
though it reminded me of connect the
cuts connect the cuts connect that's to
the devil we need a little thing that
people are gonna get chills when they
hear this this new phrase don't say it
don't think it oh my god it's like the
ring you know I'm like they're gonna
like and then so the poster is you know
look there's a little scratchy
handwriting oh oh and another thing too
um it stopped talking about the bye-bye
man when I was watching it that you know
the scenes in 1969 that looked like
they're shot like a comedy film yes they
when Faye Dunaway shows up and she tells
her story about her husband with the
shotgun and she comes home and she's
like I came home from work and he's like
in the corner and he's writing don't
don't it's all over the walls yeah don't
say it don't speak it and it's like
comically written on the ceiling and
yeah and it's on it's even on the TV
screen it's like covered everywhere like
cartoon and she's like you know whatever
his name was Bob what have you done oh
my god
I just wanted to toccata her and go I
love it I'm like the way she said it
yeah it was like a perfect setup for
like I love it like this is a great
thing you've decorated the house with
these with these words and it made such
an improvement on our house it was such
a setup for a bait-and-switch joke and
it didn't happen and I was like Oh
usually it looks like a calm he's
usually it looked like it was setting
setting it up for that and I was like oh
wait this isn't a funny movie right this
is I'm supposed to be scared or creeped
out right right this is not a joke yeah
yeah that poster with the scratchy
writing in the monster man and you know
that it's kind of sinister looking and
like not like the movie not actually
sinister looking but and so you just got
people that will go watch it and so now
the bar has been set so low that
someone's gonna steal our idea for old
lady in the walls we got to shoot it
next week to make sure that we get in on
it before they do although we need a
dumber titles on the inside now we need
something that sounds laughable scratch
scratch match what it doesn't make any
sense that's what we'll use it I guess
it doesn't have to record scratch who's
that reg oh that's creepy it's written
in a scratchy fonts that means it's
scary look you know like a crazy person
for doing an insane asylum it scratches
its its prefabricated creepy that creepy
on its own it's prefabrication of creepy
yes and this movie it's gonna turn a
profit and it's sickens me yeah it's all
it's too late for all of you who've
already watched this movie
so thanks now we're gonna have to review
bye bye Man 2
what's shocking said has a 27% scoring
around tomatoes that I yeah I was just
surprisingly high I don't know the fuck
would give it a positive review it's
probably something like like critic
who's like just sitting there like it's
like the fourth movie scene that day
yeah I'm a man who has some familiar
thrills but you know overall its own you
know and I'm mediocre horror film yeah
I'll be home soon
it's probably that situation it's a sad
sad state of affairs but so I partially
recommend bye-bye man where your own
personal humor just just just watch the
miss Watkin scenes well just watch that
woman act
it's just charming well you're
definitely onto some creepy stuff
Eliot because I did some research of my
own she's so bad her and the little girl
yeah and the blonde and I thought those
those are the three that stand out as
just being too god-awful yeah yeah tell
me
well Jay it's almost 5:30 and it's time
to meet with the lawyer so that he could
file the power of attorney paperwork
okay are you ready to be mrs. Harry
Plunkett oh I have to be a missus that's
not how gay marriage works oh it's not
no oh I can still be a mr. oh okay
I just assumed you'd be you'd be the
bitch because we mr. Plunkett you know
he's he's he's so masculine I see him as
as more of the top I'm sorry though what
we do need though is proof of a public
ceremony now that a public ceremony has
taken place really yes so our next
adventure Jay will be to set up a fake
wedding ceremony with mr. Plunkett and
have it videotaped and have him not like
be aware of what's going on okay so that
sounds somewhat convoluted but I guess
we'd you know do what we got to do so
what we need is like to fabricate a
wedding with you and mr. plinkus
have guests in attendance and have him
think that he's being honored for an
award okay
um and then when when the officiant says
you may now kiss the bride or the
husband
yeah you'll have to neck with blanket I
know his breath smells like a trash bin
and he may have many oral diseases but
you've got to do this
for the good of cash that's the end
