Nov 18, 2017
Justice League
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1s5ElKmQm4
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/931974398160056320
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155188640862634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-justice-league (archive.ph/B6vDq)
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-justice-league

Half in the bag.
Fuck movies.
so Mike are
you excited about the new Star Wars J
he'll have to be more specific what new
Star Wars are you talking about
they've announced a new live-action TV
show and they've also announced a new
trilogy being directed by Rian Johnson
oh no I was just talking about Episode
eight the last Jedi oh yeah yeah yeah
that was a very good movie very exciting
action-packed
lots of explosions and drama and really
it's a film about family oh no Mike you
haven't seen it yet oh I forgotten all
about the new trilogy ever since they
told me to be excited about the next
trilogy but the current one isn't even
finished yet it's not they announced a
new Star Wars show every day they
announced a new Star Wars product almost
as much as they announced that a new
celebrity has been outed as a sex
pervert are you expecting someone
oh yeah actually I am he's right on time
hi I'm rich McCaskey from just ice what
do you want this thing oh yeah why did
you order a block of ice Jay it's for
the ice sculpture for your gay wedding
remember for your and mr. plinkus gay
wedding I'll just get started then oh
you're gonna sculpt it right now oh yeah
yeah a lot of people accuse us of using
mold so we started doing in-house
sculpting yeah I sculpted it's a great
occupation we haven't got our own union
now that we just like to call it a
league oh so you're like the just ice
league like like just ice league but
just cisely Justice League like if you
put the two words together it's like
Justice League like like the Justice
League but just cisely Justice League
what are you going on about kidding why
no why don't we all just talk about the
Justice League oh that's perfect I just
saw that movie at the theater now you
have to start carving your ice ah no
rush this thing will stay hard for hours
that's what Brett Ratner said that's
what Kevin Spacey said that's what
Dustin Hoffman said that's what James
Woods said that's what louis c.k so
that's what Al Franken says that's what
Bryan Singer set up with George Takei so
excellent I'll be half what Harvey
Weinstein uh Ben Affleck Casey Affleck
and Matt Damon said that's one
I had a dream
it was the end of the world
it's that time of the week again another
superhero movie this time it's the
long-awaited Justice League a movie
plagued with as many problems as it is
flying demon bugs Zack Snyder presents
along with reshoots by Joss Whedon a
mess bigger than the one left by
hurricane whatever
in this first team-up film since Batman
V Superman Batman realizes a bad guy
from a video game is on earth to get
three glowing MacGuffins when they are
put together it'll open a portal to
something bad or something now Batman
must conveniently find like six or seven
superheroes to fight this bad guy or
whatever I take an issue with your
description of the plot they're not
trying to open a portal or anything when
they get the three magic boxes together
it's going to terraform earth into the
bad guys homeworld which is entirely
different from the plot of Man of Steel
which was where the bad guy has a
machine that's going to terraform the
earth into a version of his homeworld
was that bad guy a cartoon character as
well from a videogame close it was
Michael Shannon so rich yeah start with
you what did you think of Justice League
um it wasn't as big a clusterfuck as
Batman vs Superman it's still a
pointless waste of my time of life
that's the grading curve we have to go
on
I think that's every review for this
movie is well it's not bad man the
Superman III for one loved this film I
thought it was so bad that it was great
and I don't mean that in the schlocky
way it was it was like watching a
Saturday morning cartoon show
in the Great Hall of the Justice League
there are assembled the world's four
greatest heroes created from the cosmic
legends of the universe it was that less
depth with less death yeah yeah yeah I
was I mean it feels like exactly what it
is
which is his ex Neider film that was
repurposed as a Joss Whedon film yes
yeah it feels like exactly what it is
well we talked before about kind of
picking out the the obvious moments or
scenes that were attributed to either
director and it was pretty easy to do
yes
there's the the big action scene at the
end Batman's like I gotta go dude
he has like machines and he's shooting
missiles and he's like his he had to
shoot I guess spoilers he had to shoot a
tower of weird roots that was bad I
didn't even know what was going on and
he had to blow everything up and and
then there's the bugs flying on top of
his car and they rip his car and I was
like zoning out and I'm like this is a
Zack Zack Snyder is hurting my eyes and
then there were there was the one scene
when Superman came back to life and he
was bad Superman and they're all
fighting them and I'm like this feels a
little more joss whedon and then some of
the funny character moments too well
that that scene that you just talked
about that was clearly Zack Snyder
though because you could not see the CGI
upper lip there was the only sequence
when Superman comes back to life that
was kind of like okay this is
interesting yeah like that should have
been a movie because that Superman comes
back to life and he he doesn't know
where he is he's like discombobulated
and so all the other Justice League guys
are like approaching him and they're
very like cautious because only one old
the fuck he's gonna do he's Superman he
could murder us all and he is he's
confused that he sort of fights back
it's like okay there's a wonderful
little moment when the flash is running
around him I think that that exact same
moment occurred in Apocalypse
Evan Peters was running around
apocalypse and then he apocalypse is a
you think you're faster than me and then
he realized that he like hit him or
something like that where apocalypse he
couldn't out I need you to apocalypse I
didn't see apocalypse notes need that is
another one that was like the one thing
I really liked in that movie a flash
Superman look oh yeah yeah when there
are a whole sequence and it's like it's
the sequence that has the least to do
with the the plot of the movie yeah it's
like everything comes to a standstill
for this big action scene and it's the
only interesting part of the rules it
was a fun character interaction moment
and and the reason why I say Joss Whedon
is because and I don't know if I'm right
on this but I have a theory that that
whole scene was was redone and post to
be I'm assuming it was the dead of night
and it was dark and it was miserable and
for some reason it felt different or
interesting looking because it was like
sunset or dusk or dawn or something and
and and you could kind of see what was
going on and it was you could go back to
the early trailers and see that those
same shots and it's much darker it looks
like his accident I'm right so I had the
the the the obvious feeling watching the
scene where they confront Superman that
this as a Zack Snyder scene would have
been a dark miserable nightmare and
maybe even just Whedon added the little
moment where the flash kind of was
running around PI Superman possible
there's definitely parts near the end of
that sequence where you could tell that
it was Joss Whedon took over cuz cuz
there's close-ups of Superman and you
can see that fuckin uncanny valley upper
lip that's a new thing did you get that
feeling for like the footage in the
beginning - oh god that's okay let's
start there the beginning of the movie
the first shot is off-putting because
it's like cell phone footage of a little
kid filming Superman and it's like that
upper-lip like it looks like like jelly
or something like it's it looks so phony
and sounds like oh god why does this
upper lip look like jelly we should
explain that yes in case people don't
know the joss whedon reshoots he had a
mustache henry cavill had a mustache
that he for a different movie or
different movie so he couldn't shave it
wait-wait-wait-wait-wait when i catching
the logic here wouldn't it have been
much cheaper for him to put a fake
mustache on for his other movie then it
would have been
do CGI live because Henry Cavill he
might he might sense the doom for the DC
Cinematic Universe he's trying to sell
he's trying to salvage his career with
this other movie which is more important
they cost like 50 million dollars to CGI
his lips I need to get a good moustache
at a Halloween shop for 50 cents but you
know what probably someone who worked on
that other movie was like then someone
just laughed in the background while
they were molesting someone the the big
indicator for the Joss Whedon stuff is
Superman and the the the weird upper lip
it's like the fake wig and the Fantastic
Four movie where you're like Oh reshoot
the lip didn't bother me that much I
notice it every time but it was like we
start with that and I was like off put
immediately and then we get clearly a
Zack Snyder ish opening credits sequence
where we have a terrible cover of a
Leonard Cohen song Leonard Leonard Cohen
died last year and then we see in this
montage we see a newspaper that has
prints Superman and David Bowie and
they're like did they all go back to
their home planet and I'm like wow while
this Leonard Cohen cover is playing
aren't all these like dead brilliant
artists and I'm like fuck you movie it's
like immediately so that was off-putting
in some way as held back
don't engage alone putting this together
it was like the best movie 1996 ever
made it's felt so dated yeah the visual
effects - everything about it it felt
like a TV movie of the week a
Steppenwolf looked like he was plucked
right out of a video game like the
cutscene Michael videogame all right
video game villains tend to have better
designs this was this was a as generic a
villain as you could possibly have yeah
and I'm not talking on video games I
think video I just say this is so awful
stepping ball here's so we talk about
the Marvel movies having uninteresting
villains is gonna say see trying to top
Marvel and least interesting villain
contests at least put a guy like just
take Jeremy Irons and put a helmet on
I'm paid of space grey yours at least I
wouldn't be like oh my god cuz it felt
like like a 1996 videogame do you have a
little more respect for the villain in
thor ragnarok now after this absolutely
I think okay Blanchett is like hamming
it up and she looks cool and this is
just yeah and like a CGI reject from
Lord of the Rings movie from 15 years
ago I mean Jesus Christ but yeah there
was something about it that that felt
just so quaint and dated and and and I
don't know it's like that that the Zack
Snyder like dark miserableness was kind
of like kind of just sucked out of the
movie a little see how much fuckin
colour they had for Superman's costume
oh yeah that thing was was radiating
they took the market research to heart
it's weird though it's jarring I mean I
get it like oh people don't like the
dark miserable stuff let's lighten it up
but there are those DC fans that liked
the Zack Snyder stuff those people that
would like defend those movies for the
tone they were going for and now they're
going to see this and they're probably
like what the fuck and so now it's like
well now you got a fest simile of a
Marvel movie so I guess that's more of a
crowd-pleaser yeah I mean that the crowd
was clapping a lot
and cheering and it was a more like it
wasn't I remember a Man of Steel and
Batman V Superman we were just like it's
just like it's like a funeral in the
theater is just silence you know and
this people like Superman said some
lines and all the jokes are basically in
the trailer I think and all the humor
kind of comes from the flash right yeah
yeah well I found obnoxious he seemed to
be like a crowd favorite but I don't
know it was it was like easy easy humor
yeah I'll say fish-out-of-water humor
but that just sort of like so you
dressed as a bat yeah well it also
that's weird
The awkward contrast between the Zack
Snyder stuff and the joss whedon stuff
or it's like one moment we have like a
miserable sad scene where everybody's
sad about Superman being dead which
doesn't make any sense because everybody
hated him before any other movies but
they had like these sombre scenes and
then he immediately cut to the next
scene and it's the flash being goofy is
flash a Peter Parker as quippy character
or no I'm not that familiar with the
flash I don't think so
is Superman a quick funny character he
was he was that was very like Joe
Sweeney in this too like every line he
had when he showed up at the end was
like a like a goofy one line I loved it
well it's it loved it that was kind of
Christopher Reeves enjoy hey I'm here to
save the day now yeah well there were
parts like at the very end I mean you
see him take off the glasses and he rips
open right yeah this was like oh okay
they're trying to make this not horrible
yeah and by doing so they made it
horrible that's fine it's fine
like he shows up I mean I don't even
remember like it how he didn't really
have a real dramatic entrance when he
should finally showed up at the end you
hear his voice off-camera yeah everybody
in the theater claps yeah because they
knew what was about to happen entrance
no it was it was like that's why I say
Saturday morning cartoon show because it
was like the you know you know what's
gonna happen the Justice League without
Superman fights Steppenwolf and then
they have that scene where everyone kind
of starts failing and gets defeated I
think Batman the guns falling down and
suddenly Batman's gun just stops working
for no reason
robot man's arm gets gets cut you know a
one Wonder Woman and
the the Submariner Aquaman Aquaman
caught under rubble rubble yeah you saw
you know okay I know what's coming
and then he's it does anybody help need
help beatin up a creep
we need to assemble the team so Superman
can do all of the work I I was really
hoping for just Superman just gonna
shoot and then Steppenwolf goes red just
punches him far away from that lies into
the Sun and then just like ten minutes
of awkward silence and then flash was
running the same thing people know but
Superman's gonna do it yeah that was a
cute moment actually sure when they are
they're both going off the the three
people that live in this town the flash
is pushing their dead truck to get him
out of the way of the problems and he
looks over and there's Superman moving
an entire building he's like that's a
cute Superman moment right yeah and
that's and I don't know where that came
from
that's got to be Joss Whedon those
little moments make the movies fun and I
think the color color correction
whatever they changed I I don't have
miserable black dark smoky nightmare in
my brain now I have oh they they made
sure to correct all that yeah if I have
more of a warm colorful kind of like and
all of them like working in Batman's
lair like the robots like doing stuff
and one guys walking around and it just
it was such a cartoon show that felt
actually mentioning the Batcave kind of
felt like a at least a holdover from
Zack Snyder stuff I don't know if it was
X night or footage but like the Batcave
is just like a warehouse
oh it's so bland like all the set design
for the whole movie is just so like
black yeah it's definitely an awkward
movie because it's like it's almost like
from the perspective of like the
filmmakers like we got put together a
team who we got back Batman's I guess
been doing research he knows about
cyborg and he knows about the flash yeah
Lex Luthor's computers nothing bad man
versus woman shows up and they get
really awkward shoehorn in scene yeah
but either way it's like so now he knows
about all these super powers is that we
got to get these people together cuz in
the opening scene which phone
a movie from 1994 where Batman is like
fighting on the rooftops
Batman is standing on the rooftop with a
criminal going Alfred Alfred my buddy
lately like maybe I'm Bruce Wayne I'm
calling my Butler Alfred right and
prayers are criminal within earshot yeah
I don't think he cares if anybody knows
he's his Bruce Wayne Lois Lane gets out
of the car when Superman's on his
rampage and she sits leave the cop in
the shot like just standing right next
to anyone notice before I forget I think
it was in that first Batman scene it was
a couple other moments because danny
elfman did the score for this there was
a couple moments to wear the Batman 89
music I think crept in oh did you hear
that there's not gonna be a next time i
watch this not like the roaring but some
of the the more melodic like duty stuff
it could just be a that's his style
no I mean I think it was the actual
music aisle to look into this but it
would make sense well it's so weird when
it's like this mumbly ben affleck batman
whatever whatever when when was the
ultimate whatever movie when the flash
would make people like it when the flash
was fighting the Superman they had the
Superman theme came in for a second I
thought I hear the Superman theme come
in yeah or that little moment when him
and the flash were kind of like punching
like the granite like Rain Man Thing
right yeah it crept so they're really
digging up everything they can to make
you like this they they're like yeah
shoving it all in there that's what
Kevin Spacey said
relax Alfred I'll take it from here
do I know you the movie rises to the
level of mediocrity like like Batman V
Superman is possibly the worst like big
blockbuster movie of like at least the
last nothing nothing in that movie makes
nothing makes sense and this is so
simple like of course it makes sense
there's nothing to it any morning
cartoon yeah there's one thing I don't
get
and help me honor because I went to the
bathroom at some point during the film
there weren't like in a sewer fighting
and then I go to the bathroom and I come
back and they're digging up Superman
scorp oh yeah yeah oh yeah I mean I knew
Superman was gonna come back
I did not expect them to literally dig
up his dead course that's awesome it's
so weird they realized or guessed that
the the mother cube would have the power
to resurrect his corpse yeah okay just
like I will probably work okay and I was
super-powerful cube yeah why wouldn't it
work and then they have to go to the
Krypton ship yeah and then they need
like a burst of electricity to like
spark the thing off and it needs to
happen right when the cube hits the
water so they're like flash you do this
and why and we'll time it well I was
thinking like they have it like this
slow-mo dramatic scene as the flash is
coming towards it he has to touch it
with his electricity powers right when
it's the water and I was like if he
doesn't hit it right at the exact moment
can't they just do it again it rich I
thought your question was gonna be white
in Batman bring a bunch of that powdered
kryptonite
dies again yeah so that's what you
missed rich they realize they can they
might be so they literally just said hey
let's bring Superman back to light more
or less I don't think anybody knew what
was going on there like the the robot
mr. robot cyborgs aye Borg the cyborg
said I got cube my dad has the cube in
his lab miles Dyson has miles Dyson he's
still doing work in scientific lab miles
miles Dyson has the cube and it's it's a
weird thing and it turned me into a
cyborg
so maybe has the power to resurrect okay
Superman but we have to put them in
special Kryptonian water and why I don't
know they submerged him a water hose is
left on those Aquaman's job you put them
because he's the water guy and then yeah
the flash electrocuted the cube and
brought Superman back to life okay I
guess Kryptonians don't rot either I was
waiting for the bad guys to take
Superman's corpse and turn him into
their ultimate weapon you called it you
said Superman would wake up and you'd be
a bad guy at first the justice yeah
fight Superman that's never been the
whole fucking movie you're really sure
like you can't have Superman be a bad
guy that's why they didn't do it but
that that brief moment when they were
all like nervous when he comes back to
life it was like this is an interesting
idea I would watch a movie about this
did you want to laugh every time they're
just standing around together in their
costumes don't they just look so goofy
yeah well it's it's and that's again I
think a holdover from the Zack Snyder
stuff is like he has a very specific way
he designs the look of his movie yeah
and the suits are made to fit that look
that lighting that color grading right
and so when you take that footage you
tweak all the colors change it up the
brightness then it doesn't
they all look unnatural and silly you're
saying is they flat-out need but
everything needs to be redesigned yeah
yeah like if you're and that would
require we shooting the whole movie oh
sure Oh instead of just reshooting
however much they did half of it but
yeah I mean there's a moment near the
end I lean over to you or it's they're
all standing there it's after they
defeat the bad guy and it was a wide
shot and I was like is that even Ben
Affleck in the zoom out of book it
didn't look like his faith but yeah it's
like his suit especially it's just like
in brought in bright lights it's just
like all these awkward little patches
yeah yeah like a little fake squares
that are supposed to be ABS and it's
like in it in a moody contrasting Zack
Snyder II lighting I can picture what
that would probably look like what that
was intended to look like yeah that's
why they look they look comic book II
and silly and cartoony in his in the
Batcave like his character is just kind
of hanging out just like fluorescent
lights yeah but but I think that was
like I think that's the charm for me is
this like like I don't want to take
these characters seriously I don't want
to I don't want Moody I want terrible I
enjoyed the apocalypse a movie so much
you saying you enjoyed it just like
apocalypse you enjoyed it ironically
yeah I think so I think you liked the
maximum cheese I like cheese I love in
superhero movies sure there there is
that very very fine line where it can
work it like x-men - yeah like where
it's it just can barely make it into
that little zone I think the Winter
Soldier yeah there's there's a couple of
exceptions but then you like you have
things that fall flat on their face on
either side and this one fell flat on
its face on
cheese sight and and I enjoy that well
it's like what you said I think about
you'll wonder how fans of Batman V
Superman will take this new movie
because obviously if the tone the tone
is dramatically different yeah and I
feel Instagram feels like a different
character it feels like Superman yeah he
doesn't feel like exact Snyder's version
of Superman anymore there's much more
humor in this there's more color there's
I mean it's a stupid plot yeah but it's
an attempt to make a Marvel movie it's
it's more marvelous and Batman V
Superman so if you have those really
hardcore you know it's like it's like
when Metallica went alternative do you
remember that when they when they cut
their hair and then everyone called them
all tourniquet this is going way back
somebody remembers this and and they say
their sound changed a little
it wasn't like Master of Puppets it was
like like they were doing the 90s
alternative thing
and the headbangers were pissed off so
it's kind of like that conversion from
the Zack Snyder movies to the the Marvel
style so some some people may not like
it but the audience seemed to enjoy it
all around us yes laughs clapping Lana
laughing yeah it's it's that you know he
has throwing them treats
there are treats to the dog yeah yeah
this feels like it was it was
specifically like scientifically tested
to get the best possible audience
reaction yes because Warner Brothers is
desperate that's been clear that they're
constantly doing whatever they you know
they mean the re-editing
Suicide Squad and and trying to reshape
Justice League get well into production
of it Oh a Batman V Superman got such a
bad reaction it's blatantly obvious they
don't have a plan yes
everything everything Marvel's done the
Kevin Feige vgu Joey
Fiji its Fiji Frankie he that man has a
vision and he knows what movie is going
to lead into next and what that's gonna
lead and Duke right like like what they
did with Superman like you kill him off
in Batman vs Superman just so in this
movie someone can say ah let's use this
box to bring him back to life that's all
that the deficit man won - yeah what a
fucking waste where's the where's the
funeral where the government agencies
arguing like who gets possession of
Superman's body and then it's the stand
down like the family the public wants
the burial but no we need to do testing
how do you plan is you'll roll out of
the pair all this interesting shit you
can do with the death of Superman
so that box brings him back I don't know
the richest they have to stop
Steppenwolf
you
they have to stop the the non character
of the generic evil world thing they
have a plan J and rich they have a plan
clearly Ben Affleck's coming back as
Batman it's not like they're doing two
separate Joker movies played by two
separate actors it's not like they've
lost three directors on the Aquaman
movie yeah they're doing a standalone
Joker movie that's outside of the
Cinematic Universe starring starring
like Leonardo DiCaprio will happen but
yeah a movie that has no connection to
the rest of them and then another joke a
movie starring Jared Leto no miss it
probably won't ever happen cuz they're
constantly changing their plans okay
yeah they clearly have no one in charge
you can name like the Kevin Feige feyza
feyza for forgive you however you say is
now you will call him Kevin half you can
say Kavanagh he's in charge you can say
Kathleen Kennedy she's putting out star
wars like a pimp what's a hooker out on
the street Star Wars has hiked up its
skirt and it's given BJ's and handles
and Kathy's counting the my in a dingy
hotel and that's my best analogy so you
know she's in charge of Star Wars you
know what I mean so you got and then DC
is just slinging
that's what DC stands for don't care
we don't have to recognize them
she's had to save it it does feel like a
movie where there's a good like hour and
45 minutes missing
oh yeah there's just like they just like
chop this down so that was it that was I
think a studio mandate keep it under two
hours yeah
because Batman V Superman was just so
like bloated ugly and yeah and it had
this movie has a little bit of the same
problem that that one had which is like
that movie it was just like scenes and
there was not no like sort of connecting
tissue or like it's just sort of like
you can move rearrange them it would
make very little difference yeah there's
a little bit of that in this like like I
was thinking like that scene early on
where Lois Lane's at work and and ma
Kent comes on visitor and it's like what
is this it's like you could move that
scene anywhere it would make no
difference the the Lois Lane angle has
always been super weak and point yeah
and yeah a couple moments like that but
really like they strip this down and
just said okay bad guy open with Batman
good creature of the night vampire space
bug attacks Batman he's alerted to plot
there's some bad stuff coming gotta with
semble a team yeah it was weird to me
that he goes and visits Aquaman before
he talks with Wonder Woman about the
cubes because there's the three cubes
and there's like the the Wonder Woman
people they have one the Atlanteans have
one and then ones on earth but no I'm
just saying it would make sense like if
Batman went and visited Aquaman and
tried to get him to join the team after
he found out that the Atlanteans had one
of those cubes as it is he just kind of
goes and visits him for no real good
reason well he needs a team yeah sure
but it's like oh the Atlanteans have one
of these cubes maybe they know what's
going on with the situation I'll go down
there investigate Oh Aquaman come join
us Batman know about the cubes at that
point no no when he went to see Aquaman
he didn't yeah so that's why it just
felt like a random scene yeah when why
did he notice the cubes in the first
place then why did he find those odd who
Batman when he saw the cubes in the
thing oh because when when the when the
space bug mountainy melted for no reason
he left a cube three cube impression
like a tattoo on the wall that he died
why does the bug have cubes on
representing the mother boxes so that
Batman would know about them so that he
could leave a clue for pet or they just
exhaust ports on the bug and just
coincidentally they don't resemble the
cubes yeah could be with the bugs holes
hole sole purpose of existing is finding
those three cubes so it's okay
was burned into the wall that's why
that's why this felt like a shitty car
too that was the opening scene and it
was it was straight out of the 90s it
was like a Joel Schumacher movie
oh yeah so it's like you know the the
bare minimum get the team together
there's a little like a little cute
dialogue back and forth with bare
minimum bad guy he's bad guy cuz he has
the big horns and it's face two
chicadini and he the three MacGuffins
we'll put the three MacGuffins together
i guess it wasn't opening a portal it
says it was terraforming the planet
we're gonna turn the earth into a
apocalypse world okay yeah that's that's
fine that's bad enough that's the bad
plot three magical MacGuffin cubes will
turn the planet into a nightmare land we
got to stop them and get them together
and then I guess we they tried fighting
Stefan wolf they got their asses kicked
so then they decided let's bring
Superman back from the dead let's
literally dig up his corpse I guess a
magic cube will do it oh I I laughed
when they left the magic cube they had
unattended after they turn around and
they comically you see step involves
you've gone up the to you the cube they
left and they just say oh you got to get
to the next next plot point somehow all
I needed to do he needed to say yo Inc
as he was going up the tube with the Box
where did he go when he wasn't like
tubing around the way so just like he's
waiting his trailer till the next scene
this is at a Holiday Inn or he's at the
Radisson
kind of just waiting until someone
leaves a mother Cuba unattended the
Radisson in hell yeah yeah yeah he was
right on that cube the second they
turned away from it how did he know this
said the bad guy needs to get the thing
though we needed a series of scenes of
him like in the background like looking
no didn't the movie end with like the
Aquaman saying something like that he
went like bitching or like oh yeah it's
some stupid What did he say
it wasn't bitchin but it was something
like that it was something like how what
Bunga yeah he said something he said a
thing it literally made my skin crawl
yeah it's fun it's a Martha it's like a
Marvel movie hate Marvel movies but I
love this now that it's like one where
all the internet trolls gonna do they're
just gonna go cross out their fucking
heads gonna explode
how many of you are there not enough do
you really think that oh wow they just
they really just vanish huh oh that's
rude
so Mike would you recommend Batman V
Justice League I would recommend the
Justice League because it wasn't well I
guess I'm recommending it on the basis
of the previous DC films if you're
turned off majorly by all the previous
these three films this one has a little
ray of hope
well with the exception of Wonder Woman
which is fun our movie - yeah but
there's some cute moments so most of the
most of the humor comes from what was in
the trailer so all the jokes are pretty
much spoiled already but just for that
little fun scene when they fight
Superman there's some nuggets in here
and it's it was just terrible enough to
where I think I liked it you know like I
judge movies on whether or not I'm
miserable
the movie admittedly
is step up from Man of Steel and Batman
V Superman but it's still it still does
nothing for me it's it's still it's a
waste of my time
it's a horrible movie where nothing
interesting happens there's some
goofiness some cute things just just go
to youtube and watch the scene where
flash discovers that Superman is as fast
as he is and you've seen everything
that's interesting in the movie as part
of the movie yeah I'm kind of on the
same page like I I don't know it worked
for the audience we saw it with I guess
cuz they were laughing a lot but like
the comedy relief stuff like I didn't
find that funny
the the action stuff I thought was
boring well felt tacked on the comedy
one like what yeah I'm in that slightly
too cuz I did like the Wonder Woman
scene in the opening which is why I
thought they added that on later because
she has to deflect the bullets to save
it's quite possible because Wonder Woman
was so much more of a like a hit than I
think people are expecting yeah they're
like oh fuck with your other one
thing to do in this whole fucking movie
let's give her this yeah it wasn't
horrible
like I wasn't miserable sitting through
it but there's just was like nothing to
it so that's a no for me go go find the
Saturday morning like Dungeons & Dragons
cartoon or something something with a
little bit more depth
so the question is are they gonna make a
Justice League - well I don't know cuz
like Ben Affleck seems to really be
trying to get out of these movies
altogether yeah it would be so weird if
there's a different actor playing Batman
yeah they'd have to do more because you
know you've done Steppenwolf and he's
one of the new gods and the big DC
villain is Darkseid whoa oh boy is it
hot in here is it just me oh it looks
like we talked about Justice League for
so long that your ice block melted well
shit that's too small to have him carve
what I wanted I was hoping for either a
giant erect penis or maybe a beautiful
swan now he can't do anything with that
here you go I made a flower that'll be
$4,000
