Jun 13, 2018
Hereditary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ysiCqy11tQ
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1006869211447209985
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155688018462634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-hereditary

Half in the bag.
hey J you know why they call it solo why
cuz one person saw it also in a previous
adventure in our lives
I worked tirelessly trying to find a
button that would eject the escape pod
oh I remember yeah
how could I not find in them now I just
forcefully pulled it off and if you'll
note there's no ejection system billet
there's not you looked very thoroughly
yeah and and see I'd like to I'd like to
give myself some credit okay because
what I was playing with before was a
smaller version of the Millennium Falcon
and what I was looking for was this so
you can understand my confusion and then
things got worse it's like Russian
nesting dolls it's like the popularity
of Star Wars
it just keeps shrinking just keep
sharing Kato just keeps shrinking and
getting worse hey Mike I've got an idea
you want to feel miserable for the next
two hours as opposed to what
it's time again for the most horrifying
film ever made the film that made people
faint at con and Sundance which had
nothing to do with the bad clams they
were served before the screening why
serenity hereditary hereditary so Jay
what did you think of hereditary no
jumpscares
that's a reason to celebrate
it's it's a lot it's a lot to take in we
just saw it and there's a scene in the
movie where Toni Collette goes to like a
like a dealing with grief meeting one of
those meetings where everyone sits in a
circle and talks about their feelings
and it's like her first time there and
she just unloads like all of this like
crazy shit about her childhood and like
your brother dying and her mother being
controlling and it just goes on and on
and on and the camera like slowly goes
into her and it just keeps going and it
gets more and more crazy and then it
hard cuts to reverse shot of everyone
just sort of staring at her like and
that's the movie it's I think it might
be great I think I need more time to
process it it's a hard movie to talk
about immediately afterwards yeah but
it's definitely this year's the witch
which is slow atmospheric creepy builds
up to a climax and then it plays a bunch
of film festivals gets rave reviews then
gets released into the wilds of
multiplexes and everyone goes that sucks
yeah people have been conditioned to
those jump scares when they think of
scary movie they think of like the
insidious movies and I really like the
insidious movies for what they are but
it's like that's a different type of
scary or the conjuring there's good
horror movies but those are they're very
they're like popcorn movies they are
popcorn like the the Marvel movies of
horror
yes popcorn horror I was thinking of the
conjuring in this mainly with the the
set design like they live in an old kind
of Victorian house but it's all very
well maintained and the lighting isn't
even and naturalistic and I was singing
of the conjuring when they have that
they show that house and it's just like
it just looks like like everything has
so dark you can grow so discarded yeah
it looks like a like a haunted house set
literally like a haunted house set
you're going too far
yeah James Wan you're going too far with
your visuals so you look at those movies
from the 70s the Exorcist it's just in a
house a medieval hordes just a house
horror comes from elsewhere but but
modern-day popcorn horror needs to also
have to have jump scares but needs to
also look disgusting and gross and
horribly lit and like who who who sets
their lightbulbs in their house to look
like a horror film you know you want to
live in your house it wants to be nice
the horror comes from outside so if you
can appreciate good movies that that
that are slow burn that have some some
creepiness and top-notch acting yeah
then this is this is this is a pretty
good film this taps into the the the
kind of darker sort of deeper kind of
family drama stuff and the horror comes
from there and then the the more
visceral Horrors built on top of that I
think I came in with the expectations
high ideal and and I enjoyed what you
just said I enjoyed the the atmospheric
slow burn stuff up until a point when I
said what's the hook because I at first
I appreciated the the cinematography yes
because it was bare-bones it wasn't
creepy house dark shadows you know on
lit under lit faces and smoke and you
know it was like man it was kind of kind
of there's naturalistic naturalistic but
the cinematography and as far as the
lighting and as far as the like
composition I loved the Wes Anderson
esque perfectly Center frame shots
there's a lot of that because that ties
in with Tony klutz little miniatures
that she makes right there's a lot of
flat angles very symmetrical I mean that
opening shots really neat when they move
into the house and it's all you know
that's kind of like a framing device the
little miniatures and to me to say
spoilers for this whole thing
I guess so is this a hard movie to talk
about without getting into all the
details of it but there there's one one
scene in particular that that sticks out
in my mind as far as like when you're
watching it you go oh you know someone
else would have shot this totally
different it's when Toni Collette
straining to get her husband to burn the
little drawing book oh yeah and she's
just like batshit crazy and it's just
like just hold slow slow slow pan on a
tripod trying to get this guy over to
the fireplace and he'll running back and
forth no no no frantic editing no like
she got a do the thing because I'm crazy
like like a different director would
have done but at the same time I'm
watching it and like what's the hook
what's gonna happen the witch I didn't
think that the witch
are you saying this in a bad way in a
bad way okay the wit as I say I'm
thinking the same thing but in a good
way no no because the witch which took
place hundreds and hundreds of years ago
puritanical time so there's a separation
which you get in the bed of a creepy
blanket and you go a creep or whatever
this is sent in a modern-day setting and
it's not abstract enough as to where
logic goes out the window
logic is still there yeah and and I
think it was like it was like like if it
were a bar graph or a line graph it
would be like and then uh-huh because
the berries I'm not like for the rest of
the movie you're just kind of in yes
really yes okay it's it's a weird if
it's a weird frame of mind I was in
while I was watching it because a little
creepy girl I feel bad saying that Bo
the character is creepy she's really
good the movie - she's a good little
actress uh it's her first role I think
it's that introducing yeah you know the
omen there's a little bit of that in
there though there's a bit of a lot of
movies in this which I'm sure we'll get
into I was fascinated with this movie up
until the the older brother gets goes to
a party and I was like this is weird
storytelling I did not expect all these
twists and turns
they established little girl has a nut
allergy for a shot in the party
someone's chopping nuts yep and I'm like
no better bring that up you pen that
girl's eating those nuts which is pretty
common for a high school party girls eat
nuts
oh yeah there's lots of baking going on
this type of baking though a sex joke I
think it went over your head just do it
again
no that's Danny I said but in this in
this context it's a little creepy girl
eating actual nuts that are being baked
into a cake yes because like you said
chocolate cake high school parties are
just full of baking we're having a
chocolate cake party maybe they're
plugging it up with marijuana maybe
there's even worse for that poor little
girl in yeah actually maybe lesson to
the the impact of getting your fucking
head knocked off right he's a little
more relaxed so dude wants to go after
the girl he's hot for in his class in a
wonderful moment when they introduced
that one in there in the classroom and
he's behind her and he's like looking at
her but but it's not like another movie
would shoot it they try and find a way
even though in there in those awkward
like high school classroom chairs they
trying to shoot in a way where they make
her like a slits look hot and here it's
just like a butt in a chair it was weird
it was so like common and perfect she
didn't she didn't get up and walk and no
it's just an awkward shot of her sitting
in a chair I think that shot has ever
been in a film before this is breaking
new ground oh I got a stay back on track
okay
a little girl has a lerczak reaction to
the nuts the kids just stoned I'm gonna
try to drive you to the hospital
girl needs their sticks her head out
gets her head decapitated by electrical
pole yes then
it's sort of like becomes dreamlike he
goes home goes to sleep
obviously he said he's in shock he just
leaves her bloody headless body in the
car the mom finds leaves the Hat on the
side of the roads yeah it's great though
because I mean it's horrifying but it's
like when that happened like that I was
so like I was getting like worked up by
it and when he stops the car and it just
holds on him staring straight ahead like
cuz I like how do you process something
like that like it's so horrific yeah and
I realized like after a couple seconds
like I wasn't breathing like they really
like it took me it's a very very
powerful scary gut-wrenching moment and
I was like okay I'm settling and I'm
ready for I'm ready for this
rollercoaster ride I'm ready for more
things to happen but the point is is
that that's when the movie takes the
turn and it becomes kind of a different
movie like with this I had expectations
of because when you watch a movie like
this you got your checklist what is it
is it gonna be nothing is it gonna be
just a weird psychological family drama
is it gonna be a ghost or a demon and
then eventually you're you're intrigued
by this where you getting sort of
annoyed by trying to figure it out no
more so bored hmm
because I kept thinking of that one
terrible movie that we watched on best
of the worst
oh heck a lantern I kept thinking of
hackle lantern let's hone movie I was
not play genome during those there's a
lot of echoing from hackle based on the
end which which kind of with the which
it wasn't spelled out so clearly it was
more what she took away from it it
wasn't so but this became a little more
clear-cut
well like the witch I think both of them
are very like there is a literal demon
but it's more so about the metaphor of
what this all represents in this case
like the title says hereditary and it's
about I kind of thought about it as like
mental illness well that's yeah can be
passed down and how that affects not
only the people that it gets passed down
to but they're all their family members
and that was my main takeaway but I see
it's interesting you said you kind of
got less interested after the daughter
died that's when I got more interested
because I was like I don't know where
the fuck this is going sure I thought it
was for the most part I thought it was
gonna be a creepy little kid movie and
then they chop off that kid's head let
me correct my statement and I did find
it interesting because I didn't know
where it was going up until the point
where like he said Toni Collette goes to
like a therapy meeting lost dead family
member in grief meeting whenever she
meets the the the neighbor mom from
small wonder
oh you must call me Bonnie that's a
reference nobody will remember toni
collette come on come over to my house
and let's have tea nyan and oh oh I
could talk to my son he's dead but I can
talk to him here read this what it's in
some kind of weird ancient language
that's that's pretty fucking lame I'm
like oh no oh no see I liked all that
stuff cuz it's like they introduced that
but you don't know where it's going yet
and that that's kind of it was like okay
we're introducing a new thing but what
does that have to do and then something
else gets introduced yeah and it all
builds and I think Italy I think the
last like 15 20 minutes of this movie
are kind of amazing yeah I would I would
say it sags a little bit in the middle
it's the little over two hours tighten
that up a little bit but for that middle
chunk where after the daughter dies it
becomes more of like a family drama and
about this family dealing with grief and
how that can tear a family apart so I
was thinking of and I watched an
interview the director afterwards think
it of a movie don't look now which is
what Donald Sutherland is like a 70s
movie
it sounds like an etched and kuchar
comedy it's about Donald Sutherland and
Julie Christie they have a daughter that
drowns and then the rest of the movie is
about their marriage falling apart as a
result of us my daughter is dead Laura
she does not come pipng with messages
back from behind the fucking grave
Christine is dead she is dead dead dead
dead dead dead it's more of a drama and
then it turns into a horror movie and
like the last literally the last minute
of the movie and so I was thinking of
that and then I watched an interview the
director and he specifically references
that is it okay that makes sense
and there's some great just traumatic
scenes in this like I love the dinner
scene with the mom and the son yelling
back and forth at each other just don't
you ever raise your voice at me I am
your mother
and then the the argument kind of ends
and then he like picks at it some more
and it keeps going yeah oh that's this
whole movie is just like hitting a raw
nerve and it just keeps
yeah yeah the acting Toni Collette and
the older son yeah
wonderful thanks grandma you know you
were my favorite in the rain even here a
little baby she wouldn't let me feed you
because she needed to feed you
I I do like the the gloss I guess you'd
call it the topcoat of a theme of mental
illness because she says early on you
know I forget exactly what family member
hung themselves and others her dad dad
yeah and so shit that's when she's oh no
that was her brother her brooch plays in
because there's this whole thing of like
the the little daughter she says grandma
wanted me to be a boy and it's like okay
so a boy is important to the ceremony
and she wanted to say do the ceremony
with the other son but the mom and the
son were like distant from the grandma
so it's like she had to use the daughter
there's like oh I like I like to peace
and all that stuff together so there's
the the specter of mental illness and
and that that that's also kind of woven
into it is at some point you start to
question if toni collette is insane and
if if what is happening is in her head
because they tease it with the fact that
she sleepwalks and imagines things
almost that's her and her kids on fire
right so while sleepwalking the son of
course like there's scenes outside of it
where the son sees ghosts or sees his
reflection and smiles at himself and
weird shit happens to him but like the
title implies that mental illness could
be passed down so we don't know if there
is a ghost
our only anchor character is the dad dad
a part of me wants to say that character
is underwritten but at the same time
it's kind of great that he's just like
he's sort of like and just a normal
everyday person stuck in the middle of
all this madness a straight man yeah but
so I think like yeah in the middle it's
not necessarily frustrating to figure it
out
it it it rides the line between enjoying
the mystery and being frustrated as to
where they're going and I think that's
just me because I'm with horror movies
I'm like where are you going
it's been cool showing up and then I
find out grandma's a Satan worship
okay she's not Satan though it's it's
sort of Satan's minions which is like if
you're gonna worship someone why not go
all the way to the top well because they
took you know have-your-cake-
and-eat-it-too route which is you don't
want to say devil worshipers yeah that's
been done to death that's been done to
death so you say oh my god and I was
surprised actually cuz because I did
hear I didn't know anything about the
movie going in as far as like plot
points or spoilers or where it was going
but even in like the trailer and stuff
it compares it like to The Exorcist and
it's the same company that put out the
Witch and I was expecting something a
little less conventional and it ended up
being especially as it gets into the
third act a much more conventional
horror movie than I was expecting not in
a bad way cuz it's incredibly well
executed one
yes but story wise as I go this is a
little more straightforward than I was
expecting so this is more like
accessible to a general audience than
something like the which was the the the
conventionality of the plot I think was
was disappointing the execution superb
you know no jump scares no jump scares
lots of lots of creepy visuals lots and
lots of quiet moments my favorite thing
in our movie is when there's something
creepy just in the corner of the frame
oh yeah multiple times in this when
there's a scene when the son wakes up in
the bedroom and you could kind of see
the upper corner of his room and it kind
of looks like there's a person up there
then there's some red light from outside
that flares up you can see a little
better and you're like is that is that
Toni Collette and her bathrobe up there
no like on the ceiling how is that and
then whisks out the right side of the
frame and like weird shit like that
where you think you know at that moments
and then the next part when he's in the
living room and the moms up in the
corner I was thinking of Exorcist 3
there's that part with the the old lady
calling cross the ceiling
and all these things are it's like it
borders on being funny and I think that
that may be what turns like cuz this
movie for a general audience the cinema
score is like a d-plus and I always
wonder about that is it like is it does
it come across it rises that line of
being just because it's so bizarre
looking that you could either think it's
creepy or silly the reason why I got a
d-minus CinemaScore spoilers is the
ending the older son throws himself out
the window after being frightened by
demonic worshippers in his attic dies on
the lawn the spirit of little weird girl
goes inside his body he the spirit of
the weird girl who is also the vessel
for the demon yes it's a little weird
this the demon lives again but then it
just ends yeah and ends and a little
miniature of the house great right it's
the Rosemary's Baby ending but his
friends in their car didn't show up dude
you're under the spell what get up and
then the house blows up his friends from
high school they smoke pot with under
the under the bleachers Philip we
figured it all out library those kids
aren't figuring nothing out I love that
- they're like horrible a name dialog
that feels very them like realistic but
no this is this is a horror movie from
the 70s this is I mean like I mention
Rosemary's Baby I mean I allistic not
not nihilistic minimal but not abstracts
tons of wonderful visuals satanic panic
culty culty stuff yeah but but I think
for general audiences it never like I
was thinking of The Shining 2 because
you have those droll long you know the
atmospheric creepy stuff but at some
point the shining Shelley Duvall smacks
Jack Nicholson and they drags around an
axe to this movie yet I would say the
last act of this is pretty exciting it's
sort of Santa you go and the kid goes up
into the attic and he's like I was
thinking of a Amityville Horror when
they open the attic and all those flies
come out oh yeah well that's another
demon triggers evil eyes but then it
turns out that that's there's nothing to
do with the demon it just has to do with
the dead body of the decapitated grandma
that's in the Attic right yeah obviously
it's it's a it's a well done movie I
think I had ifferent look at horror
movies and you do because I'm very plot
driven I do like atmospheric stuff if it
if it tickles me correctly and if it if
it so weird let us say that again nope
and and where they were going with it in
terms of horror movie pedestrian little
the the satanic cult
you know it's not like we have a slew of
satanic cult movies that have been
coming out in the past few years but but
I was expecting something a little more
a little more twisted and psychological
based on the the framing device of her
working on miniatures oh sure which
which I don't know if it went over my
head but it didn't quite come into play
I think it ties in because a lot of the
movie is about like these characters
dealing with with grief and their pasts
and I think it's kind of about like her
sort of like compartmentalizing events
from her past and trying to simplify
them and remove them from context to
take out the grief or the the sadness
surrounding them I mean that's kind of
what I get I'm sure like yeah like the
obvious part when she
she's making the funeral home she makes
the crime scene yeah exactly that was
the scene that search that's how she
deals with it but like like don't get me
wrong I didn't want the little people to
come alive that could have been great
too I kept thinking of a very very old
episode of The Twilight Zone when this
couple wakes up in their house and then
they try to open the like the drawer and
it doesn't open and he picks up the
phone he's at the phone doesn't work
you know the fridge doesn't work no this
is all fake and then at the end you
realize that they're in a dollhouse and
there's like a giant girl hovering over
them okay quit playing with your alien
toys okay every episode of Twilight Zone
and so I was and this is obviously we
just saw the movie so I think it
requires a little more processing but I
was a little confused about what the
ceremony entailed like I got the
impression that it needed three
generations of this family to have been
decapitated because you got the
grandmother you got the grandmothers
daughter and then you got what ends up
being the the Toni halat's daughter
they're all decapitated at the end of
the movie and when the kid is driving to
the party they make a point of passing
that telephone pole and it's got the
satanic symbol on it so I assume that's
the pole that the daughter ended up
getting her head knocked off on but it's
like they plant that's sort of a
convoluted plan like if that's how you
plan on getting the daughter decapitated
I think this needs more more processing
to figure out what their plight was but
either way point was the end of the film
the older son or the son becomes the
embodiment of their demon God yes and
and and my question is that as a
satisfying ending why it's tragic
because you fucking scary because you
play yourself cuz no it's it's it's I
mean the whole movie is you're watching
this family fall apart see the audience
wants the football team to show
now burn burn the the treehouse down and
then start punching like the naked
elderly people in the satanic scary
though that that's it's Josh Joe Schmoe
the the Baker that's satisfying in the
most like surface-level way the end of
Rosemary's Baby talking about general
audiences fuck'em fuck'em said they've
changed the ending in this movie for him
I'm not advocating for that ending I'm
just explaining why it has a d-minus
score J okay they want the football team
to show up and lay waste to the satanic
cult you fired us once again football
team oh I did find it a negative review
on IMDB let's see if I can find it again
it was pretty good and then you cut to
this the the graduation ceremony and
pomp and circumstance and uh no no I
know I survived a satanic cult and made
class valedictorian but I'm going to
college and then ACDC starts playing
that was a really great a CD seen things
make it zombies at the end question mark
apparently they think that the the
Satanists or zombies literally the worst
movie but I've ever watched
what's with the random dog and the naked
zombie people at the end you don't care
about the characters no storyline
horrible acting horrible acting how on
earth is this movie getting 9 or 10 out
of 10 stars these people must have been
paid off to rate this movie so high and
what's with all the crying like babies
apparently should not be emotionally
distraught when your fucking daughter
gets decapitated the circumstances of
this film are not emotional they're not
devastated Oh common they're pretty
common I literally laughed at every
scary scene all I wanted to do the
entire film was go home to play with my
new puppy the first half of the movie is
dreadfully boring and way too long if
you must see this movie go halfway
through and you
miss a thing except for the entire setup
of everything we should be paid to go
see this movie scariest movie of the
year I would say toys Story 2 is scarier
so there you go that's the that's the
people that are upset that the football
team doesn't show up at the ending I
guess I will say I I was after the
daughter died I was strapping myself in
for some misery porn I was like oh like
I was prepared for it because I've seen
you know pretty devastating movies and
so I thought it was like oh it's only
gonna get worse from here this is gonna
be just like gut-wrenching the whole way
through and it really isn't after that
little chunk of the movie then it
becomes more traditional scary again
well executed but it does it doesn't get
that like the the scene right after the
daughter dies where Tony Colette is like
collapsed on the floor and she's just
like wailing because it goes wrong
although it did almost get a laugh out
of me when it cuts from that to the
funeral and she's still at that exact
same like heightened emotion yes yeah
there's something about a hard cut there
that was a comedy cut it remind me in
the Muppets the Jason Segel Muppets
movie there's a part when one of the
little Muppets finds out about the the
dastardly plans of the villains and he
starts screaming and then it hard cuts
to him on the bus and he's still
screaming
it hard cuts to another CD still so
everybody me of that it's a typical
comedy device a switch to a switch of
location and time and the same emotion
is still going on yeah it's a very
typical comedy device so it was yeah she
should have just been like yeah to bury
it up from the tube because that they
her in the bedroom and the husband like
half-heartedly trying to console her but
it's like how do you console someone
that's that rekt right right right
so Mike would you recommend hereditary I
think so I think so it's it's a little
long that could use some editing but the
length is it's a creepiness at times but
like you said sagged a little in the
middle I'd be wary of seeing it in the
theater on like Saturday night like
because then you get people like that
IMDB poster what's what the zombies you
don't want Johnnie's we don't know about
chatting teens that are bored the one we
watched it in was great though because
the theater was quiet
sothank thankfully there was that but
there was as many people in the theater
when we saw this is the word when we saw
solo yeah okay would you recommend Faust
yeah I would recommend Faust I would
also recommend hereditary
I like the witch more it's comparable of
the witch mainly in like style and tone
more than anything and this is I think
more scary like there's more kind of
visceral stuff to reacts you in this
than the witch which is more atmospheric
and I think it might kind of stick with
you longer afterwards but I know I was I
was into this movie the entire way
through satanic cult at the ends I am a
ok with that
oh that's just some kind of old ancient
Sumerian language just just read it and
just don't worry about it
oh here's a complete nitpick but it's
something I noticed when when she is
saying that tony claude is tony klutz
leaving her house she answered the paper
and she says now one thing you have to
make sure of is when you read this your
entire family has to be in the house but
her mouth says room yes the 80-yard
house
I saw and then there's a moment later
when Gabriel Byrne is sleeping in bed
and you see like the doorway and you
just hear her say the words off-camera
so I'm assuming there was like a whole
scene where she had the family together
and they said the words and they cut out
the scene and they're like well now we
gotta fix the scene earlier in the movie
so they dubbed over her same house there
was room I forgot about that but I did
notice it's a very minor nitpicky thing
but I noticed it and it was weird you
know why test screenings they didn't
have test screenings it every film does
Jade it's an investment they test
screened it and she she said come on
everybody you know hold hands let's do
this thing
well me I'm unreal this Klaatu I never
went I'm checking now I'm soon it's just
like this shit stupid I'm serious just
like another scene with the family or on
the dinner table or something and they
tried to work it in where she says the
words during a dinner scene and it's
awkward
they're like it Spacey lies let's just
pull no no no she went around and woke
them up brought them downstairs and in
that very scene read the ancient text
and it came off as stupid
then they I mean I'm gonna go away there
was just a pacing issue and they just
had to take the scene out to speed up
the movie well if our re asshat contact
us or somebody contact him and let us
know we know something happened in the
editing room re and my point is because
of that minor bit of ADR there's no
longer X hook me out of the movie and
the movie sucked
now I'd like to go play with Millennium
Falcon toys you know what we could do
how like this was a pretty heavy movie
to kind of you know cleanse our palate
we could go see solo again and the two
of us seen it will will double the box
office for this weekend Oh
