Sep 8, 2018
2018 Catch-Up (part 2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsBe5qRVz-0
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1038417117350187008
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155878586512634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-2018-catch-up-part-2-of-2

Half in the bag.
part two well I saw
another film called director's cut or
note well here's the thing you you won't
know what this movie is right away but
as I explain it you'll know what I'm
talking to a horror film about a killer
director well no not exactly
a line in the movie Oh me me
I bought a line action it's like there
passion
it's it's a movie that was actually it
was crowdfunded and filmed a few years
ago and they couldn't get any
distribution for it and the reason they
couldn't get any distribution for it it
was written in stars Kevin Spacey but no
the movie was written and starring Penn
Jillette of Penn & Teller Fame and at
the time that he was trying to get it
picked up for distribution it played
film festivals and they didn't pick it
up because in his own words it reminded
people of this Star Wars review thing on
the Internet
but this is that movie it finally came
out and it really isn't like that at all
it's very very vaguely there's a couple
kind of parts where you can see the
connection yes yes and I remember him
he's like like sitting in the camera
like this way yeah Toronto has turned us
down they compared it they thought the
idea was a little like some Star Wars
thing which I don't know about so I
can't comment on like they said it
reminded of some Star Wars thing on
YouTube we had no idea what they were
talking about please Penn Jillette
don't make me disappear
I love you okay so did you like
director's cut director's cut it's okay
it's definitely one of the most unique
movies I've seen in a long time J give
it a resounding review since it was our
fault he didn't get distracted for 15
years well yes distribution now it no
it's it's an interesting idea and I'll
try and explain it as best I can because
it's sort of complicated but it's
basically penn jillette plays a
character that contributed to the
crowdfunding campaign for this kind of
like seven type gritty crime movie and
because of his contribution tier he was
allowed to be on the set of the movie so
he filmed all sorts of behind the scenes
footage and he any films interviews with
you know cast and crew people and he got
obsessed with the lead actress so but
the movie that you watch as an audience
member that we're watching is he took
penn jillette confiscated the the edit
of the movie and re edited it to make
the actress that he's obsessed with more
of the lead and then shot new footage to
incorporate himself into the movie as
her romantic love interests and
eventually he kidnaps her and so he
shoots new scenes like in his basement
with her where it's and she's so she's
like acting under duress cuz she's
kidnapped but what we're watching is not
only his cut of the movie we're watching
his cut of the movie with his commentary
track over it so early on he's like
pausing the movie apart sand-like
critiquing things and like what he would
have done differently and so that's the
movie that you're seeing just highly
meta it's it's very very meta it's
sounds interesting it is interesting it
was played I it's kind of a goofy
premise but I almost wish it was played
a little bit darker it's played more
kind of broadly comedic so I would have
liked to seen it if it's a little it
could still be a comedy but something a
little darker it gets very much more
silly as it goes along okay so very
interesting premise very different one
of the most unique movies I saw this
year
I take filmmaking very seriously real
quick I saw movie called please standby
much oh is this a Star Trek thing right
yes obviously I saw it because I had
Star Trek Enterprise are you there it
was it was kind of cute but but very
cringy I don't even want to talk about
it
Patton is in it Patton Oswalt is it no
Dakota Fannie Cota Fanning's the star
she's a girl as like autism or something
and she's obsessed with writing a script
there's a contest to write your own Star
Trek script as it's like the wizard
premise come to LA with your Star Trek
script and you win money or something
okay
I think the cringy is seen in motion
picture history she's like in an
alleyway and she's like screaming things
and Klingon it's in the trailer
damn your heart's not there for you
ghosts
well language is that Klingon Patton
Oswalt you know he's a cop but he's a
nerd and so he Patton Oswalt plays a
nerd he plays a nerd a nerdy cop who
happens to speak Klingon and so he
stalks her out of the alley by speaking
Klingon to her and I don't think I've
ever felt my skin crawl all right during
the season of why is it that they're
speaking Klingon which is already
embarrassing or is it a bad comedy scene
it's not supposed to be funny it's
supposed to be endearing oh really yeah
it's not it's not supposed to be a
comedic film oh that sounds like a
comedy scene it's it's it's more of a
dramedy okay I don't really know how to
describe it but it's it's it's cringy
okay it's a cringy film and it doesn't
really they don't really talk about Star
Trek all that much well that's the real
problem that's the real problem that's
all I got it ain't gonna win many
Academy Awards it won't win Best Kiss no
no it might when that's speaking Klingon
scene in an alley most cringy scene
inducing please standby the mummy in its
entirety the entire mummy who's Leonard
McCoy his daughter's name Johanna
oh snap pea
I saw the film unsane ooh
why changing your phone number in your
email becomes normal this is what a
Steven Soderbergh movies talented
filmmaker Oh Steven Soderbergh but uh no
I was intrigued by the premise just
because it looked like a nightmare well
that's why I wanted to see it it looked
like one of those you don't know what's
reality and what's not and I was
expecting something more psychological
because it's this woman that gets you
know involuntarily put in this mental
institute she keep seeing an orderly
that she thinks is their stalker so I
thought oh this is interesting like oh
you know she's gonna not gonna know
what's reality is she actually crazy is
the stalker really there but then
everything is cleared up very early in
the movie you know exactly what's
happening
everything's just laid out straight and
there's no psychological element to it
and it's not terrible but I was very
disappointed that it wasn't more as
expecting something more kind of surreal
and it's just like oh this is what's
happening okay it's really well I acted
he's here or maybe it's all in my head
did you watch strangers to pray at night
I did this is nice right
there's someone else stand here it
suffers from something that another film
we're gonna talk about later suffers
from which is Jesus Christ how long are
we gonna be here the next five days we
got a lot of movies to get through I've
ordered a pizza
and I have a cop set up back there
uh-huh
so I sure do love cots strangers pray at
night it's to finish my thought it
suffers from something that is another
thing we we saw which is the the 80s
aesthetic is played out well okay see
the first I saw the first stranger
stranger is a superior by far yeah I
don't know it was such an odd location
like this family that stops it like this
trailer park and there's like nobody
around and it was like a it was one of
those movies worse like this is our
movie yeah and we're not gonna give you
we're gonna give you this like crazy
convoluted plot we're gonna work there's
these three people and and they put on
these goofy masks and they want to
murder people and they already made that
movie though it's called the stranger
no but and they don't have a real reason
to and then they do some fucking
horrible things and then they get to get
back at them and then and then it's like
you hit that motherfucker with that
baseball bat
he's like Bloods in the pool at the pool
scene I thought was pretty well like
he's done for yeah and I was like it was
just like like I don't know just like
visceral it was like getting in like a
bar fight there's no plot again they did
that it was called The Stranger no and
that was the bullshit distracting 80s
aesthetic for no reason I'm not obsessed
with the eighties aesthetic as as you
are okay um to me I didn't really care
about that and it wasn't as distracting
but when I get into a bar fight which
happens frankly that happens a lot I
don't want to plot my bar fight is gonna
end in and everybody's miserable with
broken noses and being arrested by the
police but you get that that that
visceral satisfaction of of that guy who
kept bumping you yeah the whole time
made you spill your drink you get that
sass
action of punching that motherfucker in
the face and in this analogy though that
person is the The Strangers the people's
I guess so because I didn't care about
the family either you know what with
with with that particular movie with
horror movies in general you kind of put
yourself in the movie sure and so you're
like I don't really need to relate to
horror movie protagonists drama filter
yeah other kinds of other genres yes
horror movies no horror movies are scary
because you and vision yourself in them
in that situation you are Laurie Strode
in the closet yeah when Michael Myers is
coming in you know like these people
think that they can just do whatever
they want
fuck them and so it was it was like it
was like a like a tension release
watching that movie no grab I don't know
you like your horror a little different
it's true oh oh I took away from it is
this director really likes John
Carpenter it doesn't made me want to
rewatch the original strangers because I
but but to me it's been long enough to
when I when I've seen the strangers I
don't really remember too much well
that's what's bad fleet about this too
it's been like 10 years since that movie
and it's not like it's set the box
office on fire it's just like a smaller
horror movie that came out and did okay
so like to do a sequel to it 10 years
later to cash in on the name is bizarre
to me hey you know what weird choice is
fashion they probably did I mean this
probably cost 10 bucks to make
what else you got uh-oh I saw isle of
dogs the japanese archipelago' 20 years
in the future it is a Wes Anderson movie
and all right that's all you need to
know it's it's you know kind of like I
mean people have a different perception
of Woody Allen now than they used to but
for a longest time it was like Oh new
Woody Allen movie it'll be a Woody Allen
movie you'll get exactly what you expect
from it and that's completely fine now
Jay people were saying that this film
was racist
because the stop-motion animated dogs
that lived in Japan talked with American
accents and now how did you feel about
this this overt racism is that what the
problem wasn't related saying it was
like cultural appropriation well because
he for trades Japanese culture is being
like quirky but he portrays everything
is being quirky because he's Wes
Anderson somebody it seemed very
respectful Japanese culture and I mean
there's lots of Japanese actors doing
voices in it that's so the idea that the
dogs have the animated dogs that talk
had American voices but it didn't really
stick out to me well I think it's like
when a Japanese dog has an American
accent
they call it woof washing because you
don't need to explain the joke we get it
how dare you make light of these issues
I did like that the this is like like
lesser Wes Anderson which means it's
still really good but I liked the the
because the dogs are all sick they're on
this island and they're all very mangy
looking like it's like a stop-motion
kind of family movie to a certain degree
but like the dogs are kind of gross
looking it's not like oh we make the
dogs look cute because dogs are cute
like they're like sickly and like
missing patches of fur and just sort of
like ugly and I appreciated that and
that's all I got to say about it it was
cute I had no interest in seeing it like
same with that fantastic mr. Fox and
just say it's better than that one as
far as to stop-motion animated movies I
thought this one was a little more
endearing
Wow but I would like to talk about a
film I saw that was enjoyable it's
called game night you know I saw a game
night Iram I don't remember it someone
in this room is going to be taken it's
gonna be up to you to find them it's a
murder mystery party it's like
completely I know I laughed very hard
like I'd like a lot of these big
comedies cuz they're like everything's
crazy yeah yeah like uh was that girls
night out with Scarlett Johansson oh my
god everything's gone crazy
I hate those movies but I laughed fuckin
hysterically at one part in this movie
where somebody gets sucked into a jet
engine
okay alright well jason bateman comedies
are like wasn't Horrible Bosses they're
just like the shooting in the dark at
like a target they can't see I don't
know how to describe it you know yeah
and this one was like kind of near the
outer ring the target Jesse Plemons
Lehman's oh yeah he's the neighbor
famously played Todd on Breaking Bad
which you've never seen right
he plays the neighbor of the cop who's
extremely odd he was great on Fargo yeah
there's some there's some good good
comedic moments with him the way he I
mean he is the ultimate straight man
jason bateman yeah I am the street that
was this entire character on the
development so yeah he plays boring
straight man in every movie but yeah I
would like to see him a little more from
Morin Morris aka Winston bishop
Todd was funny in it rachel mcadams you
know there's that scene in the bar when
they think you know they're playing a
game and they've they think the guns are
fake and everyone's involved in it you
know it's one of those yeah it's one of
those there's some laughs the the part
though when
Todd aka jester clayman's is is
confronting them about why they have so
many bags of chips they're like it's buy
one get two free at the store they have
like party size bags of like oh that's
right because I don't want to invite him
to game night yes he's the next-door
neighbor it's like why would they have
Buy one Get two Free that doesn't make
sense you know it's just those awkward
moments yeah there's some funny stuff
and everything is crazy everything went
crazy everything went crazy but no I
remember laughing out loud at least
twice and that's a pretty big feat for a
movie like this yeah
compared to other contemporary comedies
you're Melissa McCarthy movies you're I
don't know I mean you won't remember any
of these let's see I was trying to think
they don't do a lot of like big just
straight comedies anymore because nobody
goes to see him that's how a game night
was kind of a I guess it's sort of an
action comedy so maybe that's the thing
yeah just like a straight comedy they
don't exist anymore
yeah I mean there was the one with Will
Ferrell and Amy Poehler or they set up a
casino and then a flop they all flop
they all flop like they're like mildly
entertaining but I mean the comedy
doesn't push boundaries anymore yeah I
mean it really doesn't I don't know have
you seen the trailer for the happy time
murders it's a puppet and it swears
I never even seen the trailer now and
Bocek Aarthi and McCarthy is like over
40 now she had two this year she had bad
and then like the Colin hurry she goes
to her kids college dirty life of the
party yeah is that the idea that she
just attends the same College as her kid
even see the trails that's the plot of a
Rodney Dangerfield movie from fucking 30
years ago back to school back to school
and it's great
you
okay one of the one of the more
trailers this year was film called
upgrade it was a movie that had a great
trailer everybody seemed very excited
about it it got great reviews and then
nobody saw it
including us but I liked it a lot I did
too
to a certain extent I was excited I was
the trailer was like wow and then it had
this kind of like like low-budget feel
to it
that's because it was a little bit about
very there are certain certain things in
it that I liked but I thought like I
felt like taking a little like they sold
me on this gimmick of this computer chip
that's controlling this guy and and I
wanted a little more more fight scenes
yeah I mean that was the best stuff in
the movie what you seen the trailer
which is the camera following him one
minute of the movie the rest is this
plot that's like entirely predictable
from the beginning
oh yes yeah young Leonardo DiCaprio
Titanic DiCaprio plotted the whole thing
from the beginning so he could have a
specimen but then there's a twist at the
end which which I think was a thing that
kind of saved it towards the end was
that now no I like the it was
interesting because it was a pretty dark
movie as far as the subject matter and
especially where it goes as it goes
along but it still found a way to be
kind of like light-hearted and fun
despite that and not in a way where it
felt like a tonal mess or anything I
think that the tonal mess wasn't the
movie I think it was the lead actor or
character I should say okay I was gonna
say I liked him seemed sort of like not
Tom Hardy he was like okay the character
is he's working on a car yeah he's a guy
that doesn't use automation he's a guy
that works with his hands which is why
they wanted him to be the the guy that
the stem chip is implanted with yeah he
has no augmentations with cyborg right
because that's the thing in this world
people have guns built into their hands
yeah like there's some neat scenes like
when it blows guys had a hand of his own
hand yeah some cool parts like that but
the actor the the character I should say
not the actor was sort of like kind of
clueless and hapless throughout most of
the movie to where it's like whenever he
he had a problem he would just say what
do I do
yeah he never like there was never that
moment where he's like he comes into his
own but that's sort of what bites him in
the ass at the end of the movie then I
mean that's where the movie leads aside
he ends up yeah kind of helpless and
defeat him if if it's a nihilistic
ending kind of that you're looking at
then fine but it was it was he was
driven by a revenge to find the killers
of his girlfriend but then there's
there's certain moments where he's like
he's like ultra-confident
and and then there's certain moments
where he's like like a moron and so it
was like back and forth for me like I
didn't gravitate I didn't like his
character okay and and that was the
whole point of the movie yeah the best
stuff of the movie is when he is being
cocky because he knows that he'll have
the upper hand because of
when the chip takes over and controls
his body and in those parts I added not
the character but the actor not Tom
Hardy yes I thought he was I thought he
was he reminded me of like a young Bruce
Campbell like sort of cockiness sure it
was kind of fun if they had taken it to
the silliness level of Evil Dead 2 I was
expecting it to get a little more silly
than it did it did in a couple little
parts but it but it was mostly sort of
like light-hearted fun schlock yeah you
can call him not Tom Hardy and I will
call the movie not ex machina there you
go the the that my point is the trailer
sold the premise of sure this is a fun
chip in his head and the computer
controls his movements yeah that's the
gimmick
give me that gimmick don't try to make
ex machina and don't try to make some
sort of like heady movie about
technology a is taking over yeah I don't
mean that you went too far and I want to
see him smashing a coffee mug on
someone's guy's head as he's trying to
fight him with a knife yeah and
anticipating every move there was some
stuff like that and when he fought the
one of the lesser bad guys and the that
bad guy also had had computer emotions
and they liked matching each other's
yeah they knew each other's every matrix
he kind of fun but but more schlock the
relationship with the chip in his brain
how it like talked to him and his head
yeah they reminded me of like Knight
Rider yes KITT I kept things like KITT
without the car Harry it was interesting
it was funny to me yeah I like that
stuff a lot so lots of lots of kind of
ideas from other things kind of merged
into one one product that I thought was
was fairly effective but you know wasn't
wasn't a home run
you didn't know that I'm a ninja why I
am state of the art I am not a ninja
well we will saw summer of 84 a film
from the creators of turbo kit yes
there's a serial killer on Locust what
else could possibly be this exciting
incoming titties it's a trio of
directors they do everything together
Canadian Canadians yeah yeah turbo kid
though one of the most entertaining
movies the year it came out
I love turbo kid did the the trio right
turbo kid I believe so yeah okay yeah
they Rowan directed that they just
directed this based on someone else's
script and I'm just picturing them they
were probably in production on this
movie while like stranger things came
out and I'm picturing them while still
making the movie seen stranger things
rise in popularity and just going oh
fuck I mean the comparison is obviously
too stranger things because you got yep
a tease you got the Sun the type it's
same type of soundtrack you got kids on
bikes going as searching for a mystery
talk use walkie-talkies yeah I think I'm
done with this whole 80s nostalgia thing
the 80s the style just played out to me
stranger things is played out yes well
let's see yeah we we did an episode on
the first season I thought the first
season was charming is like Oh what are
they gonna do with it next and then the
second season happened and you're like
oh they don't have any other ideas
they're just gonna do the same thing
again yeah so I'm done with stranger
things I've done with this it's a
different there's like different waves
of 80s nostalgia what we're in now with
like an turbo kid kind of like when it
came out that sort of fresh and fun
because if we weren't there wasn't so
much of it but now it's like it's like a
like romanticized 80s where it's not
just that it's trying to be like an 80s
movie but it's sort of this heightened a
nostalgic version of the 80s but yeah I
mean the advantage with summer of 84
versus stranger things
is that it's not 14 hours long yeah and
it's not not five different genres yes
yes it's pretty straight forwards I
thought it got more interesting as it
went along because the first like hour
or so is just like it just felt so
played out like we've seen this then the
story kind of goes in a direction I was
not exactly expecting and so that almost
salvaged it but I didn't really care by
that point it's it's a slow-moving movie
and the 80s the 80s in stranger things
they're celebrating you know
ghostbusters and monsters and that to me
the eighties that I remember was you're
gonna get kidnapped you know what I mean
it's true yeah that was the era of faces
on milk cartons yeah that was the which
is the the poster for this movie plays
on that yeah there's a heightened
awareness of more kidnappings in the 80s
and that was a thing yeah and I remember
at school you know stranger danger if
you see someone that's weird to call the
police yeah and and so that was a thing
that was and to me that that grounded in
reality it wasn't the movie like he said
romanticized version of the 80s it was
like the real eighties yeah and and yes
it was a slow-moving movie and and these
kids were they're suspicious of their
neighbor whose police officer and so
they suspect him of being like a serial
kidnapper yeah
murderer serial killer essentially and
so it's them like you know spying on
them and doing all these things and and
you know so you're watching lots of
movies you kind of like okay what's the
twist either they're gonna be vindicated
or it's gonna be something for a second
I thought that because they teased this
locked room in his basement and I'm like
oh he's got his wife and and kid are
zombies is gonna kill horror and he's
feeding them dead body parts and he's
really not a bad guy but yeah loves his
wife and it's something crazy like
that's gonna happen but it takes a
pretty dark turn yeah and at first given
the tone and you're you're you're kind
of used to the water the
temperature of the water from stranger
things yeah when what happens happens
knots as give any spoilers you're like
oh yeah just like ill-feeling and then
it it lasts just long enough for me to
kind of like come to terms with that and
kind of go this is a reality check and
this is this is a good like
coming-of-age kind of story and it left
me with a different feeling than I was
expecting it's like the kid you know the
the characters grew up at that moment
it's oh yeah yeah yeah exact
coming-of-age right so yeah that last
act is when the movie got interesting to
me everything leading up to it and so it
was a little dry it was a little slow
moving but it was a build-up yeah and
then yeah they they grow up they they're
not kids anymore and then this is the
real world and I kind of liked it I
think it suffers from and not too
compared to stranger things too much
more but like the main kids the kids on
their bikes are all pretty uninteresting
together like the like it's there's like
no chemistry between them or something
or it's like stranger things or like
it's the movie it that came out last
year all those kids are very like
distincts and they're very well acted
and none of the kids were bad in this
movie but they just don't they don't gel
like I can't care I didn't think I can
even like remember what I don't even
look like you know everyone is very
everyone stood out and they're so are in
strength there's the big fat kid so I
Theriault typical type of characters
that expect from an 80s type baby they
felt more realistic I don't know
I'll stranger things we're done can we
be done with the 80s nostalgia the
stranger thing the eight is the 80s the
most nostalgia eyes decade we were
barely out of the 80s when they were 80s
nostalgia started there's like the vh1
show hey you remember the 80s well I
mean like the wedding singer in the 90s
it was the 70s in the 90s it was the 80s
already too though no and we're still in
the 80s yeah we got it we got to be done
with it
we keep synth wave just cuz I like that
music but that has nothing to do with
nostalgia I just like the sound fair
enough but other than that
stranger things and ready player one
that's the final nail Magoffin let's
move on
stranger things just doesn't seem like
it has any ideas any ideas or a very
interesting story to tell it's it's our
seasonal style yeah the first thing it
was like a trick like it was enough
where you're like intrigues and it feels
like it's but then you get to the second
season and they just repeat a lot of the
same stuff the one episode that tries to
do something different is like
embarrassingly bad when what's-her-face
11 leaves town and she meets up with the
ex - yes all right
she decides to leave town so she can
have this little adventure that
motivates her to just go back to town
that was a waste of a 45 minute episode
so yeah done with all this
we've saved the best for last I now need
to talk about the most artistically
ambitious film one of the biggest films
released in 2018 them yes yes did not
talk about it one of the one of the most
critically acclaimed films not only this
year but possibly of the last decade I'm
talking about puppet master the littlest
strike well you definitely seem like a
toy that a maniac would think movie
about killer Nazi puppets I was actually
surprisingly looking forward to this
it's a reboot of the puppet masters here
yeah change your life priorities no no
I'll explain why it's it's a reboot of
the puppet master series which of course
were direct-to-video staples and the 90s
it's written by Craig Soler who wrote
and directed bone tomahawk and brawl in
cell block 99 which are both awesome
movies he's a really talented did we
ever talk about bone tomahawk we haven't
no but it's a great movie go see bone
tomahawk don't tomahawks awesome and
that's why my talk about is sickening
and it takes a lot to shock me and
there's a moment in bone tomahawk where
my fucking jaw hit the floor if J is
shocked and it was earned
- and it actually like elevated
everything that happens at home but oh
Lord
but so you got yeah bone Tom ah guy
wrote this movie the puppetmaster reboot
you got fabio frizzy doing the score who
did a lot of the great Italian horror
movies 70s and 80s
sounds like a muppet
you got a good casts you got judo here
you know cures in American animals
no okay it was a very small part than
that he has a very small part in this
too I think that's this thing that's
this thing he shows up they're like we
need a weird guy bring a new dope here
so you have all these people involved so
it's like oh this is gonna be a classy
production this puppet master reboot oh
let me let me get jump ahead were you
disappointed in the puppet master reboot
you know what I was in a movie that I
should have been excited for but then
all these people involved I was like wow
this is this is what how you do a reboot
you get talented people and you take a
premise that is kind of intriguing but
not done well because all those puppet
master movies are boring and they suck
but they got cool puppet designs and the
concepts good and this is not a good
movie but it's still the best puppet
master movie this feels like something
that Craig's Zoeller wrote like just
over a weekend he slapped it together as
a joke and then the punchline is that
they actually made it to like the
revenant if they wrote it over weekend
and decided to make it as he's in the
woods he wanders around a bit no
Bearcats
it's the puppetmaster movies are made by
full moon but this feels more edging
into Troma territory which isn't a
compliment because the whole idea is the
puppets are Nazis that'll Nazi puppets
and they commit hate crimes where it's
like yeah they are exactly where it's
like oh we're we're look how edgy we're
being look at really show them
committing hate crime well that's the
whole ideas yeah all these people are
gathered in this hotel they're gonna be
auctioning off these puppets and the
puppets come back to life and kill
people but here's the thing is like it's
boring on that like hey look how
offensive were being why would anybody
create a Nazi puppet little they're fast
and Frank was hiding in your attic
public could find the actual movie is
played out relatively straight it's not
just like constantly trying to top
itself so like the main characters are
all like written like real human beings
the main character is Thomas Lennon from
like reno911.com ik book writer that
like he's gone through divorce and it's
like he's trying to put his life back
together and then he's thrust into the
stupid situation with these puppets so I
think the characters are grounded enough
where that kind of like you know keeps
it from just being like obnoxious and
then the but that's the movie and then
it doesn't really have an ending it ends
with a to be continued and I was like
really
so some fun gore but so I don't know I
wasn't personally offended or anything
it just felt like tonally off but I mean
it did feature a scene where a guy was
like pissing into a toilet and then he
gets decapitated and his head falls in
the toilet and so he's pissing on his
severed head so you know that'll that'll
win some sort of Academy Award gross-out
momentum presented by Ludacris
well that's all we have for 2018 so far
if we see a bunch of cool movies from
now until the end of December maybe
we'll come back at the end of the year
chair talk about stuff we didn't talk
about on half and bag proper until then
we got to find a way to to display our
gremlin arms I know you love gremlins 2j
yes but I'm going to keep this
particular arm away from you
