Jan 10, 2018
2017 Catch-up (Part 2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yav1kBLXMxI
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/951122676877348864
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155324411077634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-2017-movie-catch-up-part-2-of-2

Half in the bag.
and we're back where do
we go what else we got what else we got
what did we just talk about wish upon we
talked about wish upon let's talk about
another horror film that goes into much
much different direction than wish upon
it's not quite as funny as wish upon
know is it's called the Black Codes
daughter did you know about the sisters
Joan herre
they worship Adele this is directed by
oz Perkins who's Anthony Perkins son
black ghost daughter stars the little
girl from Edmond I've never watched
madmen but I know she jon Hamm's
daughter
what's her role in that show her name's
Sally Naoko Jon Hamm has two kids with
January Jones that's it I mean what else
do you want to know you want me to
fucking explain Mad Men to you oh I
thought you were to say that was done of
your review of the Black Codes daughter
oh yeah that's it
I loved this movie this is what we were
talking about it you know it's like
constant jump-scares
like every five minutes they have to
remind you that you're watching a horror
movie yeah this this feels like a movie
from another fuckin era this is like
like it like yeah this late 60s 70s
movie where it really takes its time and
builds the tension so backhoes daughter
takes place at a private all-girls
school everybody is leaving for break
what's the name Sally is a little girl
from admin she's stuck at the school
doesn't know when her parents are gonna
show up to pick her up it's the middle
dead of winter very isolated very shiny
nests cuz it's the dead of winter which
is a great place to set your movie your
horror film I think of like the thing
and this and the shining star wars the
last job in Star Wars the last Jedi of
course
oh that's salt though they make a point
of having a close-up an awkward close-up
of a character who scoops it up and goes
and he looks into the camera goes it's
salts so they're stuck at the school
it's isolated and you they keep cutting
back and forth between the two girls
there and Emma Roberts coming to the
town and everything just feels like off
and there's all these little like sort
of time discrepancies where you're like
oh wait that doesn't make any sense and
then it escalates and oh there's the
furnace - well yeah that's the the
metaphorical Phaeton yeah well the the
madmen girl she goes down and she's in
the furnace room and she's like it's
this really creepy shot of the other
girl looking in on her and she's like
you don't know what she's doing it's
fucked up so all these things are like
what
happening what is this building towards
and and then we get into the Satanist
stuff which is great cuz I love movies
about Satanism and it turns out that the
the low madman girl is possessed by a
fucking demon
it's so wonderful I love slow-moving
eerie creepy movies as long as they they
they refresh every now and then yeah
long as it feels like it's building
towards something and this movie you're
so like cuz like I said everything feels
off so you're like you're constantly
trying to figure out with like where is
this going and it's engaging in that way
I mean I just wish you could stay and
see my performance that's all
well Jay when I look back at the year of
the Belko experiment and made me made me
uncomfortable and physically ill but
there's another film that tops my list
that of films that made me sick to my
stomach without showing blood and gore
and guts and torture post-apocalyptic
horror psychological thriller one of the
few films in recent years maybe last
decade that has truly made me ill in
that film is Star Wars the last Jedi but
of course I'm talking about say it it
comes a night yes
spoilers nothing comes at night this was
a movie that was completely miss
marketed they took Eddie because the
only like scary scenes in the movie or
dream sequences and so whoever was
cutting that trailer was like give me
that shit I gotta put something in this
trailer because it's not a movie about
anything literally coming at night so I
guess they're talking about the paranoia
of the situation I really really like
this movie when it came out I have not
seen it since and it's almost completely
slipped from my brain which probably
isn't a good sign
split I haven't seen since it first came
out and that would be still very vivid
in my mind so it comes at night I liked
a lot I liked the the tension and the
the execution of the whole thing but I
don't remember much about the fucking
movie anymore okay well remember it was
at the end it almost felt like misery
porn where is just like a deeply
disturbing psychological drama misery
porn well it gets to the end and you're
like okay what are you really saying
it's it's it almost feels like it's a
movie that and this is from what I
remember I don't remember much about the
movie I just remember coming to the end
and and things go really dark and it's
really depressing and miserable but like
to what end like I didn't remember
feeling like it was saying anything I
mean okay it didn't have a clear-cut
message but it was definitely a film
about about paranoia about how quickly
we can turn on each other yeah I mean I
mean themes that are overdone in
post-apocalyptic movies of course but
this one was on a very small scale I
guess that's the hook of the movie is
that yeah it's it's the typical kind of
post-apocalyptic scenario but scaled
back yeah to the point where it's just
these couple of characters right I mean
you have a husband wife and a kid the
husband is who's played by joel edgerton
he you know obviously he wants to
protect his his wife and his son and
then so they let him slowly
agreed to let in these strangers and
he's very suspicious of them and then
the suspicion grows and you know it's
very like it's very slow-moving very
calculated and very mature being because
you kind of start to agree with him
about his suspicions over time and that
all culminates and really like
disturbing and sickening ending which I
thought it was I mean I say misery porn
but what happens is pretty it's awful
yes and I and really J I'm surprised you
didn't love the film no I liked it the
movie a lot and I embrace movies that
kind of go to the darker side of your
mind I just remember feeling terrible at
the end but then not remembering much
about the movie after or not it's not
really like resonating which makes me
think like oh okay well was there
anything to it other than trying to make
you feel terrible yeah you know it's
funny you mention it comes at night that
nothing comes at night there's barely
any scenes at night it was enjoyable
reading the reviews on red box if you
ever want to laugh read the red box
review nothing happens it's boring
monsters do nothing comes at night yeah
I was waiting sure I can see them all in
my head a horde of zombie monsters to
come no it's a shame you have to use
deceptive marketing tactics to sell a
good film yeah well you can't release a
trailer that says nothing happens in
this movie come check it out I don't
make you feel like shit
oh well continuing what we were talking
about earlier with movies being released
directed Netflix and and thankfully
being able to avoid seeing films and the
horrible horrible theatrical experience
I saw Netflix's Gerald's game this is
one of the best Stephen King adaptations
ever it's basically a Captain Pike
pizzaz name from the Star Trek reboot
the JJ Abrams greenwood bruce greenwood
him and his wife played by wrinkle face
oh oh please
he's a buff old dude but him and his
wife played by Carla cugino they go to
this sort of summer house and they're
trying to restart their marriage he ends
up handcuffing her to a bed and then he
has a heart attack and dies and she's
stranded out in the middle of nowhere
handcuffed to this bed and as it goes
along you kind of discover some things
about her past the sort of history of
abuse you get to know more about her
relationship with Bruce Greenwood and
it's about her trying to survive and get
out of the situation okay and a very
very simple premise fantastic
performance like that carla Gugino she's
been in shit forever and she's always
been like whatever actress throw so fine
so emotional drama porn emotional drama
porn yes Elliot from et plays her dad
and flashback scenes and he's fucking
creepy as shit it has a sequence maybe a
ten-minute sequence that may be the most
tense I've felt in a movie in a really
really long time to the point where I
thought I was gonna throw up that's not
praise yeah but not just because it is
sort of visceral and something really
horrific happens but it's more the
situation and the tension that's been
building up throughout the movie because
of that and then I guess the ending is
kind of divisive for people the last 10
minutes or so some people say it kind of
ruins the movie to me it's what elevated
from just being like a really solid
drama to be in a
great movie because it just feels so
after everything you learn about her
character and everything she goes there
just feels so cathartic and just a
really really strong movie all the way
around from the directing to the
performance it's too simple one of those
classic cases of taking it kind of like
misery or it's just such a simple
premise again with someone just tied to
a bed for most of the movie and just
yeah really really well done
I loved it high recommendations from ji
I may watch this also also related a
night of the kick fighters lurch isn't
it
fucking lurch shows up really yeah
I wanted to ask you did you get a chance
to see the floor at a project this year
I did not see the Florida projects
really yeah I like that directors last
movie tangerine a lot but I haven't seen
Florida project I'm surprised
Florida project was up there with one of
my favorites of the year who's the guy
his name's like Shaun Baker
something like that yeah I didn't see
tangerine but Florida project will
Willem Dafoe plays the manager of of a
hotel which is basically like like a
like a really trashy apartment building
technically people can rent long term
there but really they have to get out
and they've the you know I love the
science I it's in and it's it's in the
shadow of Disney World in Florida
we're all like the slum Tsar of like
slummy slummy hotels and and horrible
horrible trashy people who's looking
after money the breakout performance is
the mother who is the most the most
cinematically accurate portrayal of
horrible white trash ever seen in a film
is this a known actress or is it like a
that's the question I had I was like is
this is this an actress doing this this
job if so she needs to get all the
Oscars even technical ones that's the
best cinematographer just give it to the
actor designs just give her all the
Oscars because it's it's amazing but it
turns out I think it was stunt casting
okay I think I think she the guy found
her at a Walmart I don't know anything
about the situation so the mothers like
selling stolen Cologne
in like the parking lots of nicer hotels
and you know it it depicts like poverty
and that kind of lifestyle in a very
realistic way as opposed to like the the
goofy like Hollywood Way that fix
poverty where everyone's has a as a
southern accent for some reason and the
ending is like the mother finally gets
hauled off by like CPS and then when
little girls friend grabs her hand says
come on and then they run away from
their like trashy apartment complex they
live in and they run to Disney World
okay and then it's it's shot on film I
believe and then it switches to digital
very very abruptly and they're running
through Disney World you know they were
trying to do it incognito guerilla
filmmaking style because they didn't get
clearance shit and they run into Disney
World and he's running with the little
girls and all these pataw rest's are
like looking at the camera but she makes
it and she sees the Magic Kingdom and
that it ends and it's like okay I get
what you did there you have an ending
but at no point in the whole movie did
the girl mention wanting to go to Disney
World
okay ever it's like they it's like the
salami shadows of Disney World like the
underbelly if there is a seedy
underbelly to to the Disney World
community around it because I could see
it if it was like throughout the movie
like where they live if you could see
like Disney World and on the horizon or
something there is sort of there's a
part where they watch fireworks and you
could see them in the distance going off
cuz I think they do nightly fireworks at
Disney World officer Sherri Magic
Kingdom or whatever so they watch the
free fireworks you get kind of like the
mild echo effect of living in that
environment you see billboards and you
know stay here for Disney World 50% off
you know like merchants cheap
merchandise at one point the mother
steals like from one of her her John's
she steals a bunch of Disney World
badges and resells them to some guy at a
gift shop you know like there's that
sort of stuff but the girl never really
like expresses interest in actually
going to Disney World I think it's more
like
metaphorical like she she could live a
normal life now or something like that
but that's stupid ending but Disneyland
is like it like a cynical theme park
that is just trying to steal your money
exactly I mean I guess from the eyes of
a child it's a magical place
it has it was doing the child through
the eyes of the child but 99% of the
movie up until that very end is just
like disgusting and brutal and and
real-life and and and very engaging and
very good
well let's get away from these miserable
depressing movies that make you feel
terrible
I saw a killing of a sacred deer also
known as Bambi
how did his father die a surgeon never
kills a patient and anesthesiologists
into the patient but a surgeon never can
quite possibly the most depressing
disturbing miserable movie of the year
and another one of my favorites I have
not seen this I've heard it's good it's
it's very very fucking good it's the guy
who directed dog tooth which I don't
think you've seen that you saw the
lobster and I know you didn't like the
lobster the lobsters more overtly
comedic it's very dry very very dry
sense of humor
I keep seeing people talk about how this
movie is so disturbing and dark and it
is and maybe it's just me maybe I'm
messed up but I also found a really kind
of really dark sardonic sense of humor
in it and just the kind of absurdity of
the situation but it's basically Colin
Farrell is this doctor and he sort of
befriends this this younger kid whose
dad died during surgery that Colin
Farrell was performing and so it's like
he feels bad so he's sort of taken this
kid under his wing he has a wife and two
kids Colin Farrell does and the kid it's
very vague but essentially the kid puts
like a hex on the family where one by
one they will slowly lose control of
their limbs so they're just laying in
bed and then they will lose the will to
eat and then they will bleed from the
eyes and die and he puts Colin Farrell
in this moral dilemma where he's like
you can either much like you killed
someone in my family you can kill one of
the members of your family so the other
ones live or they're all going to slowly
die and that's the premise of the movie
and it's it's told in a very sort of
Kubrick Ian's camerawork there's lots of
great very symmetrical shots of like
people going down Hospital hallways and
the dialogue is very like mannered and
none unnatural kind of like a Wes
Anderson movie you know everything's
sort of heightened and then it just gets
more and more disturbing as it goes
along
well no spoilers here today that's good
no no I don't want to spoil and I think
everybody should watch this movie unless
you don't like weird creepy depressing
movies but it's just so unique and so
different than everything else that's
out right now you know well I read some
fan theories about the origins of Colin
Farrell's character oh okay where did he
train in medicine
oh it turns out he didn't it's from he's
from nowhere he's just a guy oh okay
just a guy in a silver robe no because
many people were anticipating the
release of this film and wondering I'm
sure we'll find out in in the killing of
a sacred deer Side Story but know that
the dark humor comes from because he you
know he has this dilemma like do I kill
one of my fucking kids do I kill my wife
so well do other ones can survive or not
and at a certain point he takes the kid
that's put the hex on the family and he
has him like locked up in his basement
and but the daughter is in love with the
kid it's early fucked up but they have
no control over their legs so the kids
are just like laying in bed and the
daughters like dragging herself down to
the basement to be with the kid and it's
just it's so fucked up that like it's
almost like one of those things or the
situation is so horrifying but you don't
know how to react so for me it became
sort of comedic and thought it over
it'll have that same effect on other
people but we really connect person I
think it's just that I'm a very sick
person there's something wrong with you
okay well Jay I I've two films now to
watch killing of a sacred deer and and
Gerald's game based on your
recommendation you should watch them
back-to-back as a double feature and
then hang yourself
okay and then and then Logan Jones will
film me or whatever the fuck okay Paul
or whatever the fuck that little pricks
name is stupid asshole so they can put
it out
well speaking of Satanism here's a
fucking random one this is it I just
came across this on iTunes one day I
didn't know what the hell it was
it's called Mansfield 66-67
and it's about it's a documentary about
the last two years of jayne mansfield's
life and how she befriended Anton LaVey
the creator of the Church of Satan it's
it's a documentary about a very specific
person and a very specific era in
Hollywood history that I was completely
unfamiliar with it's basically like as
her life went on she died very young in
a car accident but in the last two years
of her life yeah she befriended she was
like looking for answers are looking for
some sort of direction
you know spiritually and so she
befriended the head of the Church of
Satanism and the documentary his
interviews with like John Waters isn't
it I think that's why I watched it it
was like oh okay I'll watch this the
bizarre circumstances revolving her
under death which is Anton LaVey is
supposedly put a hex on her husband at
the time because he was like kind of an
asshole and abusive and a hex on him to
die in a car accident and then she died
in a car accident with him so it's like
oh that's kind of creepy let's see huh
interesting
there's some really lame like
interpretive dance interludes where they
have people wearing like Jayne Mansfield
wigs and doing these bizarre dances that
are representing what's happening in the
story and they're completely stupid and
bullshit but they're minimal it's mostly
like talking heads and archival
interviews and stuff but if you're
interested in the history of the the
Church of Satan and and this brief
little moment in Hollywood history I
really liked it I thought it was an
interesting story that I was completely
unfamiliar with what is fact versus what
is rumor and hearsay I wish I knew it
was spooky and I love spooky things I
don't care if it's true I like to
picture that I like the picture you
sometimes have to just print the legend
do we have any other films to recap from
2017 J and they're probably allied we
should make special mention of things we
did not see you know your your your
Dunkirk sand oh I saw Dunkirk it was
fine okay let's move on to our final
film of the year my pick for my favorite
film this year a film called a ghost
story cuz you know I believe in ghosts
this is a movie about paranormal
research there's lots of night vision
shots zak bagans shows up which was
off-putting let's see when zak bagans
comes in and does a lockdown
trying trying to capture the ghost you
see Casey Affleck in a sheet run by in
the background you know little device is
going up Casey Affleck just says why
we're in that Jeep Rome is a national
treasure but seriously a ghost story Wow
this wasn't my favorite movie of the
year this is a fantastic film yeah it's
it's a movie that sticks with you it's a
movie shoosh legacy love your your place
in the universe like super big heavy
themes passing of time passage of time
oh god the super big heavy themes done
in the smallest subtlest way to
perfection yeah
quaint it's as quaint even in as far as
how its executed it's weird to say that
a movie shot in four by three is like
not just 4 by 3 4 by 3 vignette it well
that was my initial concern when I saw
the trailer is like oh this looks like
like hipster overload when the movie
starts it looks like a hipster nightmare
yeah and and it's like mumblecore head
Sterne nightmare and I was like I sunk
into my seat and I said what if I done
lucky and then by golly well it turns
out I mean the four by three is perfect
for the movie because it's such an
intimate story and an intimate movie and
when you shootin four by three you know
your actors have to be closer everything
feels more confined in a way where like
there's scenes the early on scenes with
them lain in bed next to each other and
because of the aspect ratio they're
right next to each other and you're
right there with them
it's it's great you do have to get past
the infamous pie-eating scene yes that
was where I was starting to question the
movie the pie-eating scene is is like
there's like what it's one of those
things where it's like you get it like
okay I get it
and then it keeps going really good and
it's not until much much later that you
realized that it had a purpose almost
where it comes to it's like okay the the
general premise is a Casey Affleck and
his girlfriend live in this little house
and he's a songwriter and he dies and he
becomes a ghost very simple premise and
and it's a literal ghost in a sheet yes
which goes along with the the the quaint
when I say is quaint
it's very like they're not trying to do
anything ethereal or and that's another
thing that could come across this
hipstery like oh he's a ghost
you know he's a sheet with holes cut out
but it works in the way that like the
movie kind of evokes this sort of
simpler time simpler mentality where
it's like it really works in a way that
if he was just like a glowing spirit or
he was just like translucent it wouldn't
have the same effects this isn't Patrick
Swayze and Demi Moore
it's more postcard yeah it's I think
that that feeling makes you feel like 8
millimeter film where it has the
vignette it makes you think back to a
simpler time I'm like like the idea of
wearing a Halloween costume as a kid
that's just a sheet like that kind of
evokes that feeling yes even though he's
a literal goes right and so it's it's a
stylistic choice that could have been
disastrous but it works magnificently
yes
and also I think if it was shot in a
wider aspect ratio it would come off
comical the aspect ratio helps yeah mm
not a word of dialogue until there's
some subtitles when he communicates with
other ghosts oh yeah but I mean I don't
want to get into all the details but
really like the the girlfriend's
grief-stricken she comes home from the
funeral and she gorges on a pie right
and sitting on the floor in the kitchen
she eats a whole pie it's like seven
minutes eight minutes something like
very long I'm sure those who puked it up
and he's there the whole time just
standing there standing there staring at
her and then I think the the pie scene
going on so long later on it's like time
starts speeding up it's sort of like
demonstrating like how he perceives the
passage of time yeah at first it's very
slow and almost in real time and then
you know as the years go by things start
escalating almost to the point where it
becomes cyclical you say that without
without spoiling anything because I mean
it's it's kind of like saying spoiling
an experience there are not a lot of
like plot points or moments there's
things that happen and then there is one
wonderful scene where a hipster asshole
explain life and the universe see I was
gonna say that's the scene that it's a
little too on the nose that's also like
the first bit of dialogue we've had in
like an hour but it's interesting it is
on the nose it what makes it work is the
fact that it is kind of a hipster II
character at this like hipster party
it's like that's okay that's
kind of how we can get away with with
explaining the movie a little bit more
yeah at first you're like oh shut up you
know some guy philosophizing at a party
is the most annoying thing in the world
but then and everyone else is like yes
yup and then what he's saying basically
starts to make sense now it's kind of
like the movie itself encapsulated into
a big line of dialogue as it starts off
like Oh hipster yeah you're cool with
your aspect ratio oh you're right yeah
and and it really it really sinks in
there and it makes you makes you feel
and it gives you an emotional response
and you know you do well on it and
that's just at the the slow pacing of it
all not just the pie-eating scene but
the whole movie is it's very slow it's
very quiet it's very like meditative
like it lingers on these shots because
it wants you to get lost in that moment
and start to you know the whole movie
because I think I'd heard some things
beforehand that it was a movie about
love and it really isn't I mean to a
certain extent it's about this couple
but it's more for me it was more about
time and and and you know how we view
time in the time we have on this earth
and place as well so much of it is
centered on this house and the memories
we have in specific places yeah that's
part of it yeah it is at the core a
movie about about love I I agree with
that
and I don't want to say too much because
I mean that's that's the crux of the
whole ending would you say that it's a
movie about family
no that's the last Jedi it's about
family and that's what's so powerful
about it there's a much better film but
but McGann interpretive yeah I mean cuz
there there's some really wonderful
visuals towards the end when I mean gosh
I don't want to say anything about it
but yeah there's someone let's just say
this the the passage of time is
illustrated very interestingly through
what happens to locations and kind of
like the he's just a ghost and he's
still going through the world and he
hasn't moved on and all these things are
happening around him that at first he
can affect which is which is our
wonderful ghost haunting scene which I
enjoy thoroughly and then after a while
he just gives up and then things change
around him and then there's the threat
of the the note hitting it hidden in the
walls yeah but yeah I mean it's like
it's a movie that it's themes reach
beyond the movie and make you think
about the bigger picture of stuff and it
and it is vague and at times but then it
is very specific and I haven't seen a
movie that has like made me think so
much afterwards yeah well that very
lingers with you know the way that the
shots linger like it forces you to kind
of you know pun intended it is haunting
yes but not in a spooky way in in a
philosophical way it almost feels like
an intentional counterbalance to two
movies and we're like big movies are now
by going as far in the opposite
direction as possible and just make it
something so simple and so stripped down
it's not even in widescreen it's four by
three like it almost feels like an
answer to to kind of how bloated a lot
of movies have gotten I saw it in in an
art house theater there were there were
there were a handful of elderlies
well they sleeping it was dead silent
and well the movies dead silent
I can't imagine seeing this in a big
theatre no no that's the thing I'm not
nothing big theater yeah
how state oh shit where people are
normal and they're no monsters right and
and everyone was just as quiet as the
film and it was it was a wonderful
experience um so like definitely when
you watch this do the things I always
suggest which is shut off all the lights
turn your phone off and you really have
to immerse yourself and that's that's
it's that's what's hard about it's it's
tough finality yeah it's rare even
movies that I'm really like into and
interested in it's rare for me to be
just completely focused on it in a way
that I was with this movie and I saw it
at home I didn't see in the theater and
it almost seemed ethically it almost
worked seeing it at home because that's
ties into what the movies about yeah so
yeah a very quiet small intimate movie
the polar opposite of a lot of the
things we discuss on half of the bag and
yeah like I can't recommend it enough my
my favorite thing I've seen this whole
years ago story even though KCI flex an
alleged sex pervert he was in the in the
costume the whole time oh yeah yeah
that's that's admirable that's admirable
and also check out the red box I I don't
even I think it would it would break my
heart to read the red box reviews friend
I have watched many bad movies this is
the worst movie ever if you can call it
a movie every part of it was horrible
all it was is a man in a sheet with two
holes cut out who did this a three year
old but wait the three year old would be
more creative would never suggest anyone
to watch slow slow slow
literally found other stuff to do and
came back to the same scene no words
tick-tock tick-tock boring was
disappointed to waste money on it don't
listen to my half star rating I really
wanted to rate it zero stars ridiculous
jerk-off movie it sucked
it's just a dead man under a sheet
watching his girlfriend like a 10 year
olds Halloween costume throughout the
entire movie I'll never get that hour
and a half back I am clueless as to what
this was even all about boring boring
boring
did I say boring do not rent unless you
want to watch someone eat pie for 5 min
or a ghost in there for 10 min too artsy
fartsy and vague over all the plot made
no sense and just didn't add up
incredibly slow moving I can understand
why this made no money at the box office
just say no to this movie for a rental
this movie will not scare you it will
bore you from beginning to end
it is not deep it is silly and Casey
Affleck could have used a good haircut
and shave avoid this movie like the
plague very bad fast-forward movie glad
got for free horrible no stars
Casey Affleck or mr. Magoo could have
been under that sheet slow-moving and
predictable owl all for creative
storytelling but for God's sake some of
us need to work in the morning
parenthetical pacing we made it about 10
min in and then I turned on Seinfeld
thought it was the dumbest dullest
so-called film ever made I can't believe
someone actually got paid for this
you call this acting I have better
videos recorded on my phone what a
freaking genius to come up with this
pass this one off the directors arrogant
attempt to be artsy failed several times
I thought I accidentally paused the
movie but it was playing albeit slowly
several 5-minute scenes of nothing
happening pretentious and most overrated
film I've seen watched the movie and
fast forward and never even realized it
still wasn't fast enough really really
bad movie stays on one scene way too
long with nothing going on I'm a thinker
so I looked around assuming there was
meaning to the sitting there I mean I
get the movie it's a legit ghosts
stories his story of being a ghost but
it's boring very very boring one of the
worst movies I have ever seen no
dialogue just a guy walking along in a
sheet with eye holes cuff out you think
he's going to make a connection with the
neighbor ghost but oh no not this cinema
logic jumpy
not this cinema lark gem there are
waived that's it
