Oct 23, 2018
Halloween (2018)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90joZNE9oOA
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1054854313456082944
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155976967832634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-halloween-2018

Half in the bag.
I once tried to push an elderly woman down the stairs.
well Jay looks like it's another day 
for you and me and paradise why are you holding 
a clipboard my visions been getting a
little fuzzier since I've been drinking
more each day did you change your
hairstyle hey Mike sorry I'm late what I
tried to go to Dunkin Donuts but they
changed their name to just Dunkin so
there was a line out the door of people
wearing swimsuits and sex perverts need
to go to Larry's locally sourced hipster
doughnuts instead oh is that the place
where they use reclaimed sawdust instead
of flour yeah great I love their
doughnuts that keep me regular hey who
the fuck is this I don't know I thought
it was you get the fuck out of my chair
oh Jesus Christ this is madness
it's about time you guys notice me I'm
Tim Tim magar ball from lightning fast
corporate Tim but our last boss was
named Tim he flew through the roof of
our VCR repair shop and then ripped off
her idea for a movie review show well
I'm a different Tim are you telling me
there's more than one Tim well if you're
from lightning fast corporate you must
be here to help us fix this VCR let me
give you the only tool you're gonna need
spear no I'm actually here to do a
performance review of our three last
remaining VCR repair shops there's the
one here Milwaukee another one in New
York and another one in London wow I
didn't realize we had repair shops in
such major cities well those other two
are actually just cities in West
Virginia ma'am nevertheless I'm here to
observe your performance and see how
well you utilize your time so just do
what you normally do and pretend I'm not
here
let's see now this uh this client mr.
Plunkett
you've been repairing his VCR for how
many weeks now weeks oh well actually
it's been about seven years roughly a
hundred and fifty three to 154 episodes
mmm-hmm J I don't know if I could work
with this guy staring at us my work you
mean drink sleep and talk about movies
yes exactly
well we're gonna have to at least look
like we're fixing the VCR at least until
he leaves yeah sir
sometimes when J and I work on a VCR we
like to talk about a new movie you know
it helps us relax and kind of focus on
the job that's not a problem is it just
do what you normally do pretend I'm not
here
well time to get started as you can see
this VCR needs a lot of work okay have
you seen the new Halloween film.
Halloween is the sequel to Halloween but
not the sequel to Halloween technically
it's Halloween too but ignores the
events of Halloween - and Halloween -
it's the first Halloween film to bring
back Jamie Lee Curtis except for
Halloween - Halloween 7 and Halloween 8
but finally the series is brought back
John Carpenter in some capacity for the
first time except for Halloween - and
Halloween 3 it's also the first
Halloween film to ignore the previous
films in the franchise's timeline except
for Halloween 3 Halloween 4 which
ignores Halloween 3 Halloween 7 which
ignores Halloween 3 Halloween for
Halloween 5 at Halloween 6 aside from
all that it's a totally fresh and new
start for the Halloween franchise only
you could have written that yeah Mike
how did you think of Halloween well I
thought Allah ween was a very well made
crowd-pleaser in a unique experience we
saw a fully crowded theater which
usually we don't usually there's 4 or 5
people that that usually smell that are
food that and or elderly elderly yeah
elderly plagued this planet it's the or
or or large large members of our society
eating popcorn and farting in their
sweatpants I didn't hear any of them
listen no it was a crowded theater so
everything it was a great experience to
watch a spooky movie at night in a
crowded theatre and a mostly respectful
theater and so a good theater-going
experience so when I say a crowd-pleaser
movie everyone seemed to be having a
good time watching this i I thought it
was spotty I thought it was effective in
certain areas yeah effective is the best
word for it because there's large swaths
of the movie that really worked for me I
think it starts strong and it ends
strong and there's some kind of walking
narrative stuff like kind of halfway
through there's a plot twist that is
kind of terrible and exists only to get
a character from one place to another so
the ending of the movie can happen and
that's like the worst part about the
movie but what it does that I think none
of the almost none of the other
Halloween sequels did is that Michael
Myers feels like menacing and scary
again because he's completely
unpredictable and he has no motive
they've eliminated Halloween - he's not
related to Laurie Strode I don't want to
spoil anything but there's a kill early
on where you're like oh okay this is
he's intense again and he has no kind of
focus as far as what he's trying to do
he just keeps moving and killing which I
really liked
well should we say spoilers yeah I guess
our initial thoughts are it's pretty
good especially with a crowd I mean this
isn't like you know fucking the usual
suspects
it's another Halloween sequel yeah yeah
yeah it's one of the best Halloween
sequels but that's like the faintest
praise possible if the Halloween
franchise is lame
I think I yes exactly I sit there and I
look at a movie like this not sadly not
from my own enjoyment perspective but
from a did they do everything correctly
like they should the Rob Zombie ones
blah and the best review the Rob Zombie
ones so yeah you have you have a 40-year
old franchise that's basically
successful from the first film except
for the fourth film which was the first
soft reboot of one of my favorite ones
is Halloween for Halloween for is okay
but yeah that is that is that the first
soft reboot in movie history I it might
be because it's basically a remake of
the first movie but it's not it's not
technically a remake
one of the interesting ideas in the
movie which wasn't totally developed or
sort of like kind of just teased was how
a person copes with tragedy yeah and how
like that's the doctor was talking about
it you either go crazy and become super
reclusive or you become like violent or
you know the brain can go in all
different ways and it was like the good
side in the bad side Laurie Strode and
how does Michael what what motivates
Michael Myers you know there was a
kernel of the movie and I liked that
but the kids said something like oh what
happened 40 years ago some guy stabbed
five people yeah like in this day and
age you know and they're obviously
alluding to like mass shootings that
happen at hiding yeah they don't get too
crass about it but clearly that's the
point is like there's a lot of fuckin
horrible things that happen every week
now yes and so the five people getting
stabbed in 1978 this seems like like a
fluffy kitten yes so that I'm glad they
addressed that and then so they though
the filmmakers took this and said what
do we do what how do we translate
Michael Myers forty years into the
future well hey butchers more people
they keep it very simple they keep it a
little more simpler it's following that
trend of like the force awakens and like
Jurassic world in which I was worried
about when I saw the first trailers I
was like oh they're just gonna force
awakens' it and now Laurie Strode is the
new doctor Loomis but they kind of don't
they do more interesting things with her
character and the third act is almost
like an inverse of everything from the
first movie it's taking the I mean
Halloween kind of started the whole kind
of final girl trope that every movie
every slasher movie in the 80s ripped
off and this is sort of turning on its
head where at the end of the movie she's
stalking Michael which is it's kind of
neat well yeah it worked like the
original movie like that movie works as
its own movie without sequels now you do
this it works as an idea of like oh the
the final girl is now the one doing the
stalking that works as an idea we don't
need any sequels to this even though
it'll probably be more but that it works
as a nice kind of bookends to it does
yeah we're done now we didn't even need
this movie but we have it and it's
pretty good and now we need to be done
it's a nice closure he really is and I
and I know what you mean like there's
they they show the closet and and Laurie
Strode is busting into the closet they
should have had her breaking into it
that have been awesome yeah but the the
idea is the same is that she she thinks
Michaels hiding in the closet and she's
coming after him yeah and then there
were a couple other little moments that
I thought were cute the girl sitting in
the classroom in the far corner seat you
know and then the shuts out it's yeah
Jenna obviously the inverse when Laurie
is thrown off the balcony and then she's
gone yeah yeah yeah a lot of it's subtle
enough where if you haven't seen the
first movie it's not gonna be like oh is
this a reference like it's not
distracting it's not the last 35 minutes
of Rob Zombie's Halloween where it's
recreated the exact same movie but the
movies halfway over so we had to do it
and twice the time but yeah the the the
nod to the first movie was you know her
in the classroom she looks out she sees
Laurie Strode it works as a nod to the
first one but it also works somatically
with what they're doing with the the
flip so a little more to it there
let's write down something how do you
think he hears us talking about
Halloween instead of working on the VCR
well I told him we like to talk about
movies while we would work on them but I
mean he can physically see us oh yeah
you got the up at r5 somewhere of the r5
indicator yes right here it's a it's
it's it's blinked out and yeah yeah
we're good
we'll get those on order soon but but in
the meantime we can repair the the is
that the tape head this thing that spins
I don't know what's a tape head cuz
magnetic particles on the tape oh my god
let's talk about the original Halloween
and all the gut bursting hilarious
character moments to the the tone of
dread and terror are you saying that in
comparison to this movie which had some
inappropriate comedy there's the one kid
the girls babysitting the the little
black kid the breakout star of the film
that kid is hilarious
great little there's a couple like once
Michael Mayer shows up like that kid
should not be saying things that the
audience is laughing at what they do or
he's like fuck this or something okay
you blew it you blew that moment you
took it too far you go up there and Dave
whatever and I think there was maybe
almost like cuz I know David Gordon
Green does a lot of like improv in his
movies I think they probably like
realize that kid was funny on set or
like kept pushing it yeah he pushed it a
little too far even though he is really
funny and and I don't quite know how to
feel about that and that's when I say
when I have to use the two different
sides of my brain the the one side is
watching the audience around me kind of
laugh and have fun
yeah throwing a little comedy you have
some gore you make Michael Myers scary
you don't do anything too stupid it's
like it's like you you you just play it
right down the line and you get out with
your pants intact
and you're asked not on the fire Blum
house knows what they're doing but the
one thing that really irked me we cut to
two cops sitting in their squad car two
cops we haven't seen yet they're just
waiting for they're patrolling there
they're outside Laurie yeah struts house
they have some kind of a name dialog
about uh it's not a type of sandwich
type of sandwich and you ate peanut
butter and jelly and no I my lunch is a
brownie a little five-year-old would
have a brownie four and I said why is
this it in the movie just have him sit
there and go well what I think they're
doing and and they do it with a lot of
the characters in the movie is that like
even the the minor minor characters they
give him a couple little moments to of
either levity or something to kind of
flush them out just enough so that like
when they die it has a little bit of an
impact even though it's a minor
character but don't have them so stupid
thing that that part didn't work there's
a part earlier in the movie when the
Michael Myers is being transported
oddly enough on Halloween night to a new
facility is know what happened at the VA
there was a night before well the night
before technically but yeah right but
the bus crashes and then there's like a
dad and there's a little kid that are
driving on the road at night and the
little kids got like this weird raspy
voice it's like a bizarre little
character thing but he's talking about
to be a dad he wants to be a dancer his
dad's like I thought you like hunting
with me like it's like I do like hunting
but right now I want to focus on my
dancing it's a very like weird David
Gordon Green kind of minor comedy moment
yeah I didn't know like I figured like
the kid and it kind of happened the kid
would like use his dancing skills do a
pirouette and know my guys that's a
completely different movie Wow I don't
agree with this at all Jay I bet saying
it works I'm saying that's what he's
going for that that moment worked for me
a little bit the the two cops the
brewers were going for the world series
but how did that work out okay I don't
care what he's going for
I mean like are we gonna watch a movie
about this little kid and his dad I'm
over that's the that's the thing is like
it's a hunting episode from this
you you you get like you understand the
relationship between that father and kid
and then this is what I was alluding to
earlier before we got the spoilers
Michael Myers snaps that little kids
neck it's like oh he's killing kids now
that's what I realized that the movie
was gonna be a little more kind of
brutal and straightforward and some of
the sequels
that's fine he didn't stab that baby
though they knew how far to push it they
know how far okay that's like 12 killing
gay twelve-year-old but you can't kill a
baby J I understand no I know I didn't
get that two cops in the car talking
about the stupid sandwich yeah how about
two cops in the car and the older cop
says you know my daughter was friends
with the blond-haired girl who got
stabbed you know she's just over at her
house last week it's a shame what's
going on in this town
oh yeah well I mean me and my wife I
think that I haven't kids yeah you
better move out ahead and field son
Michael Myers is back that's something
okay we get a little information but not
like I like sandwiches that are
Vietnamese sandwiches but uh we I put
peanut butter and jelly on hey I'm not
defending that little bit of comedy I'm
just saying I think that's what he was
tried to do okay I get it I give a kid
but but it it it weird ins the tone the
humor in this that didn't work except
for that little black kid
but I think a lot of the the suspense
sequences work oh yeah yeah yeah yes I'm
just saying like it's like you're
sitting in in a nice warm jacuzzi and
someone just comes in and just dumps ice
water on your head for a moment yeah and
then goes away and then the jacuzzi gets
warm again then they don't come back and
dump place watering that that's not
there's not enough of it in this to ruin
them there's not enough to run the movie
but there's those two bits that I think
could three bits that I think could have
been handled differently really and
that's that's my only real problem with
the movie I thought everything else was
fine I thought the little team dance
party was a little knowing that is fine
it was nice to see an actual like
Halloween dance like a high school dance
in one of these movies well they're
always about teen characters and they're
never there never doing anything
Halloweeny Michael Myers shows up and
starts stabbing everybody good kind of
fun but the the the asshole boyfriend
never got his comeuppance no like he
kissed another girl and he threw her
phone and jello
what about that cheating guy let's it's
it's random the Michael Myers killing is
completely random that's true and and
the and it did add a lot of those
sequences I did not know what was gonna
happen like like Michael Myers like he
starts off and he grabs a hammer from
just some random house and just butchers
some lady in her kitchen yeah and trying
to find his butcher knife he finds a
switcher knife and then he just goes to
the next house oh there's a baby's only
only one shot - yeah which is great
there's babysitter in this house I'm
gonna kill her he's not going after
Laurie he's not like looking in a
phonebook like he did in Halloween for
does he look in a phonebook I don't
remember
leave so I believe after he he steals
the gas station attendants uniform he
goes and looks in a phonebook well
that's the lame I could be thinking of
Back to the Future when Marty punch down
doc they're very similar movies bought
the fact that the movie keeps with oh
he's looking again isn't he is it weird
that we're just staring at him he's just
staring at us what are you looking at
you prick I fixed it ready to receive a
tape yeah ready to receive a tape to
play your favorite recorded television
programs you know I think all we got to
do is put the lid back on this and we're
done oh yeah yeah oh you broke it
sometimes we would break a tool and then
we got to order a replacement which
could take six day weeks it's not our
fault not our fault it's just a hazard
of the job yep
speaking of michael myers killing being
random as it was in the first movie
there's absolutely no reason for him to
lock on to the Laurie Strode and her
friends it's just what happens because
it's random and he's evil this movie
does that which creates a bit of a
problem and that Laurie Strode is like
obsessed with he's come back he's come
back for me and he's he didn't and he's
not after her and you could develop that
into something interesting because
Laurie's kind of lost her mind the idea
that like she's been obsessed with this
for the last forty years and she means
nothing to him
they really could have developed that
further but as it is it's just sort of
glossed over in what I said is a dumb
plot twist which is Laurie calls the new
Loomis is this doctor guy that's
obsessed with wanting to understand why
Michael does what he does which I like
that there's the podcasters at the
beginning that are kind of the same
everyone's trying to figure him out and
there's nothing to figure out he's just
a blank slate so we have this plot twist
where the the doctor kills a cop he
kills the sheriff stabs him in the neck
stabs him in the neck because he wants
to understand what it's like to be
Michael Myers well no no no if he wanted
to understand what was like to murder he
would have done a long time ago yeah he
stabs the cop out of necessity and then
goes oh that's that's kind of what it's
like yeah well yeah he puts on the mask
for a moment and he puts Michael in the
back seat of the car and he says like
now we have to have you you know
confronts Laurie Strode and so they
drive to the strode house and then he
gets killed immediately and that plot
twist only existed to get to the end of
them the climax of the movie because
otherwise there's no reason for Michael
to go after Laurie Strode yeah which is
a bit of a problem it's a little clunky
yeah I mean there's a part of me that
kind of respects the idea that Michael
Myers is just a mindless killing machine
no I love that he's pure evil yeah but
but there's also a part of me that
misses plot because Michael Myers is
just sort of like he's moved on the bus
apparently he breaks loose and kills
everybody to get off of the bus yeah but
then I was wondering if the doctor was
supposed to be partially responsible for
what is riding on the bus
like he wanted Michael to get out yeah
possibly yeah he's doing this weird
study because he's lost his mind - that
makes sense but but Michael then gets
steals the guy the the hunters car and
ends up in Haddonfield I guess where he
could drive anywhere he wants
but then he stumbles around Haddonfield
then yeah but by processes that are not
his own ends up at the Laurie Strode
house went really like theoretically he
could just walk away and leave I guess
if he sees a person he just wants to
kill that person yes well then that's
all he's doing he's going from house to
house when they when they run into him
before the the twist happens he's just
walking around it crosses the line at
children that bump into him in the
street yeah but doesn't cross the line a
different child mindless killing machine
yeah he has some motivation enough to go
get a hammer and replace it with a knife
yeah does he just like killing people
that are alone well I don't think it's
even that he likes killing he just kills
so that's the whole idea and that's
that's why the first movie works as just
a movie because it's like oh that's
scary like just this stuffs happening
completely at random which is why which
is why all the sequels are so lame well
yeah it's like we said a million times
it wasn't done thing it's a simple
concept it's the boogeyman right the
boogeyman is real you don't need
explanations it works in that context in
this sure the boogeyman is still real
but we have we now have an attached
history and mental hospital and a doctor
and podcasters and a crazy lady and in a
bomb shelter and and it's like if
Michael's sole goal was I got to get
Laurie Strode because she's the one
person I did not kill that night yeah
that is my sole motivation I would have
been okay fine that's I think they
probably avoided that because that's
basically what the sequel become how the
original Halloween - which is like oh
it's that's Michael Myers his sister
John Carpenter pulled that out of his
ass
out of desperation but I mean at least
that does introduce something to kind of
develop because unlike in the fourth
movie it's Laurie Strode woods daughter
and they kind of keep developing that
Jamie Jamie Lloyd yeah but yeah it's
like they came up with the idea for the
third act for this movie of like Oh
Laurie Strode 'el she'll be stalking
Michael and she'll have all these booby
traps and you know guns and stuff and
then they're like started writing the
movie and then they got to like oh how
do we get to the house like yeah yeah
the doctor goes crazy Rossum in the back
of a cop car oh it's crazy
yeah which that house meant the third
act of this movie I felt like I was
watching home alone I don't get it a
little kitten home alone he sets up all
the traps I didn't see that formal oh
it's like a Christmas classic you never
saw it hold all old
Oh you haven't even heard of it no oh
have you ever heard of home alone - yeah
lost in New York yeah yeah I've seen
that it's waited for this night he's
waiting for me
we didn't really talk about the Lori's
daughter and granddaughter I liked that
the movie isn't just the Michael Myers
and Laurie Strode show strong female
second it's it's about family yeah yeah
if only they had worked on the element
of that was what I found the most
interesting was when they talked about
like that scene that dinner scene like
that that really sold it oh yeah there's
no movie it's like you showed Laurie
Strode yeah I got bolts and locks and I
got a castle and lights she's not like I
was worried they would make her like
badass gun-toting no she's fucking crazy
and she's ruined her life yes life of
her daughter which has a ripple effect
on her granddaughter and I like that
generational stuff yes they're having a
nice dinner and crazy grandma shows up
yeah and she starts crying at the table
and it really makes you feel like oh
this is this is a real person with like
some kind of mental illness mental
problem and and it was like oh okay you
know yeah I could see that it's not like
hokey like Michael's coming back forty
years later and I got shotguns like
that's what I was but it was like she's
damaged she's damaged and and and the
doctor talking about how a traumatic
event can shape someone's whole life I
thought there would explode but no one
wants to sit there and watch them
explore that well that's the problem
watch it guys head get stop there why
don't watch Albert Einstein's head get
stopped the theme definitely gets
muddled at the end because it's like
Judy Greer as Lori starts daughter is
like kind of you know she was taken away
when she was young and now she's saying
like no mom the world is not an evil
place like I'm not gonna you know follow
your you're crazy advice so she's kind
of going in the polar opposite direction
of her mom and then the granddaughter is
kind of right in the middle she's sort
of like young Laurie Strode
but then the whole theme of like kind of
taking back your power from your trauma
gets thrown out the window and at the
end it's like Oh crazy gun-toting
grandma was right we just need guns and
we need to murder this man and set the
house on fire
there's my childhood shotgun yeah that I
painted on with my sparkly morrow I
guess everything can get solved with
guns a little muddy with the themes lair
camera well - III would say to wrap this
up then J we talked about our our
passing of the torch or passing of the
the butcher knife which is of course a
reference at the end of Halloween for
little girl is the new Michael Myers and
the mask which never develops no they
fucked that up it come on it's a great
ending but they they don't like shit I
don't know they they're all all three
characters over the back of a truck
they're running away from the burning
house I thought we were gonna get a
cameo from John Carpenter there I don't
know why but when the truck pulls up and
they're like can you help us
no I was expecting him to be driving the
truck that would have been fun just
smoke smokey rolls down a ton of smoke
comes out and it's a John Carpenter and
Snoop Dogg no it's Busta Rhymes oh bus
ride a profit posterize
he's got the the web camera still
filming the web show but they're in the
back of the truck and then they're just
kind of staring off into the space and a
Jag goes down to the the granddaughter
holding the knife with the blood on it
but there's not really like indication
that it had any effect on her is very a
shot of the movie it was odd it was an
odd moment to end oh there was a little
moment before that when she's looking at
the knife and she's making a decision
I'm gonna go for this knife and I'm
gonna stab Michael Myers and so it's
almost like you know when uh when an
animal or a dog taste blood
for the first time then they got that
yeah that instinct in them so I think
that's what they were they were going
for
yeah well models there were gonna have a
girl Michael Myers in the next film now
won't happen but come with some lame
excuse oh I'm like Michael Myers is too
low too iconic well I noticed we didn't
see him burning in the bottom stairwell
of the house he was standing there for a
moment then they cut and he's gone
they're not gonna make the same mistake
they made with Halloween too
the original Halloween to where him and
Donald Pleasance get completely
obliterated and then they both show up
in the next movie
Donald Pleasence just has like a tiny
scar on his cheek he was incinerated
we have been on film
we have video evidence it was
incinerated turn the gas line on like
some franchises you just want to die
yeah and and like when they have
horrific failures and then it's like
scrap it it's like when went like
Christopher Reeve was always Superman
you know yeah he was Superman forever
and then Brandon Roe became Superman and
that flopped yes
let's try it again not now Superman is
Henry Cavill for a little yeah now we're
gonna get another Superman same look
like a spider-man we never had a Spider
Man before I mean well we did and crap
stuff but not in a real movie right
Tobey Maguire was a Spider Man and then
there is successful they did multiple
films and it was like yeah and then then
it was a Andrew Garfield and then there
was like a disaster and then now it's a
kid now Tom Holland Tom Holland yeah and
and so now it's no longer that iconic
like yeah you're famous for this role
there's no sort of longevity or or
resonance it's just like this is the
newest one yeah you know a couple years
it'll be another new one after Superman
for you better wait 25 years to start
that shit up again yes and it's like
with spider-man the amazing spider-man
disaster and then it's like one week
later I know they sold the spider-man
rights over to Marvel or whatever but
but it's like they can you can erase
history yeah and start over like a year
later now and no one remembers yeah it's
like celebrity scandals number celebrity
scandals and like the 80s and 90s people
still think Richard Gere put a gerbil up
his ass
I could put a gerbil up your ass in 2018
by 2019
nobody's talking about it that's true
it's kind of like I feel like they
should be
punished for their failures nearly two
decades before starting over with the
property because I'm not gonna forget
anytime soon mmm but unfortunately the
rest of the world does they just want to
you can have a new spider-man every six
months well that's why this movie is
called just Halloween
I recognize that title I'll go see that
yeah is it related to the Rob Zombie why
I don't know it's called Halloween I'll
go see it even though the filmmakers are
pretty respectful of the original 1978
film the from the like studio
perspective of what the general audience
is gonna think just call it Halloween
they'll go see it yeah I mean so I don't
know I don't know where my emotions are
coming from on this particular topic
I almost feel like like a duped consumer
almost or on unrespected consumer even
though you said they respected the
original film they have it's well yeah
you got a look at the different
perspectives like that's from the
perspective of the filmmakers they found
people that actually care about the
franchise which is good yes but then you
have like the Rob Zombie ones which were
just like Rob Zombie's hot right now
have him make a Halloween movie he's
completely wrong for the property but I
haven't do it because people like his
movies are a little sleazier but yeah I
mean this yeah they've got this property
let's revamp it let's make something new
yeah make it palatable for all audiences
great they did a good job with that but
now we're gonna get sequels sadly
circuitry would you recommend Halloween
yeah okay I mean for a Halloween fun
time that's not terribly stupid yes it's
it's great because it's a it's a
Halloween movie coming out in October
the last few came out and like July yeah
what are you doing
this is the perfect movie to see it's
it's a it's an effective Halloween movie
yeah so good that's a good time in
theater and I have to mention the score
briefly oh yeah the John Carpenter they
they I don't know how much they paid him
but he came back finally to do a score
and it's awesome yeah I like those
a lot of new it's not just the same the
st. main theme like they use it some
what's ferry there's nice surprising
there's lots of cool new atmospheric
stuff things you've never heard in a
Halloween movie before yeah no I love
the the scores my favorite part of the
movie that was what I was more excited
about them the movie just because John
Carpenter's kind of had a little revival
the last few years with his music makes
music with his kids which is kind of
great John Carpenter's 60 year old
children make music listen well guys
that yeah I think I finished my
evaluation well the VCR does look worse
than it did when you guys first started
yeah according to my calculations you
guys have drank at least twenty seven
thousand beers in over the past seven
years mr. plinkus paid you about a
hundred thousand dollars for something
can easily buy for just five bucks at a
thrift store that's true I'm afraid I'm
gonna have to give you guys an official
corporate reprimand oh no oh God cuz you
guys are doing your job way too fast
what that's right usually jumps like
this take about ten years so sure when
they're old and senile like a Mr. Plinkett
we're just talking about
