Feb 13, 2018 
The Cloverfield Paradox and the Netflix Conundrum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTVF8zFIyyQ
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/963416825420709889
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155409383717634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-cloverfield-paradox-and-the-netflix-conundrum-spoilers

Half in the bag.
what are stories but
mystery boxes there's a fundamental
question in TV the first act is called
the teaser it's literally the teaser
it's the big question mystery boxes sure
is good to be back at the VCR repair
shop even if the heater is broken I see
you have got a sweater on okay 15 layers
on I don't have any layers on because
I'm covered in fat oh the phone's
ringing
Oh lightning-fast VCR repair shop this
is Mike how can I help you oh hi mr.
Plunkett how are you
aha Oh sounds intriguing what does he
want hold on it's mr. blinken he wants
us to go on another wacky adventure I
mean he wants us to talk about the new
Cloverfield film
I'm getting sick of only seeing you want
to scream why God
Shazam razzmatazz Super Bowl I mean the
big game marketing scams it's time to
talk about the new film the Cloverfield
paradox ever wonder how a large Godzilla
monster came to earth in a previous film
no neither did i hi I'm red letter media
and today we're talking about a group of
characters from Earth on a space station
trying to turn on a machine to create a
power source for an earth that's running
out of energy and on the brink of war
sound interesting well it's not well J
while watching the Super Bowl I mean the
big game there was an advertisement
surprisingly for a third Cloverfield
film yes I think we should discuss that
before discussing the film because I
think at least for me my feelings on the
movie play into this lead up to it but
yeah just out of nowhere they kind of
did that with the 10 Cloverfield Lane to
where it was like two months before the
movie came out like hey there's a new
Cloverfield and nobody knew it turned
out that it was sort of a retrofitted
movie it wasn't intended to be
Cloverfield and they're like hey this is
a movie that nobody's heard of nobody
will see we'll put the Cloverfield name
on it and it'll get a little more
interest in it which work of that movies
advantage because it was a really good
movie and then this movie comes out of
nowhere the day it's released direct to
Netflix nobody knew it was coming just
hey there's a new Cloverfield movie you
watch it after the game but yeah I
thought that was super exciting I was
like this is neat because well this is a
fine super exciting no well this ties
into well I like the idea of the
Cloverfield series as being these kind
of unconnected an unconnected anthology
series yeah I I am like on the opposite
side of the planet okay I just don't
give two flying shits like The Twilight
Zone but theatrical it's what a John
Carpenter wanted to do with the
Halloween series with the third one and
then nobody liked that so yeah and
Michael Myers again
the ology series never ever work unless
they're episodic television in movie
form how often does that happen in
movies that's kind of what I think is
interesting is that it's a unique idea
it's it's a scam it's a link idea it's a
scam they watch a movie in this
particular case it's turned out to be a
scam they're right they're running off
the steam still off the gas from the
first Cloverfield movie and Cloverfield
now is a tarnished brand to me yes and I
would agree but I used the word brand
loosely but I have my own theories about
how this came to be maybe you did some
research I did absolutely no research
yes I can put forth my theory if you
want and you want me to tell you if
you're correct or not yeah okay
because this movie was produced by JJ
Abrams he's but his company bad robot
so it was unless they retroactively Lee
said we produced it after they picked up
some movie but so maybe they did set
forth to make a third film in the
Cloverfield anthology they made it they
test screened it everyone said it was
terrible and they said what do we do how
about this scam where we release it on
the same day as a Super Bowl I mean the
big game and we'll save a whole bunch of
money on marketing costs because we
won't do any marketing people will think
hey I'll watch this we'll sell it to
netflix for $1 over what we cost to make
it so we can write it off as a profit
yeah and move on with our lives that may
anywhere close to being correct not
exactly
it wasn't shot as a Cloverfield movie
much like 10 Cloverfield Lane it was its
own thing and then it was what I think
happens is they realized that they had a
big turd on their hands so they said
let's shoot a couple more scenes which
they did to connect it to the
Cloverfield universe universe the big
monster at the end didn't feel tacked on
so I completely find this hard to
believe
well I don't think they even say then
like it's because the ship is called the
Cloverfield but I think that's just in
like you hear voices say it like
off-camera voices so there's a couple
pickup shots here and then here and
there the ending is reshot so I think
what they they said
is okay we have this movie it's subpar
we'll make it a Cloverfield movie and
we'll dump it on Netflix we'll have an
ad on the Superbowl to make it feel like
it's this interesting new marketing
technique as an event which I fell for
because we've talked recently about our
hope for the death of theaters and this
played into that where it's like hey
there's a new movie in this franchise
here it is but yeah it turns out to be a
scam this doesn't help no no this has
kills any interests in one the
Cloverfield series but also it almost
feels like the phrase dumped on Netflix
is becoming a thing yes it's like in the
90s when there was directed video was
head like a negative stigma even though
I loved a lot of direct-to-video stuff
but they were all like lower budget crap
movies you know they're not your your
Ninja Turtle franchise or your Star Wars
it's just cheap directive it's the
puppet master series
so I think director Netflix has
potential to become the new director
video
everything's on kind of it's like a
toddler learning how to walk right it's
it's you here you have Amazon Studios
producing films good movies good movies
that are in theaters on Amazon
Manchester by the CEO is an amazon has a
lot of quality films and Netflix even I
mean like you have you have the bright
situation which was like this big thing
because of how how big the budget was
and then it comes out and it's like it
gets terrible reviews but then it's like
the highest-grossing Netflix viewed
thing ever and ever and so what wait
what's happening but but Netflix is
there on thin ice with me with their
content its original content yeah well
it's it's like Gerald's game is one of
my favorite movies of last year and that
was directed Netflix and then 1922 which
is another Stephen King adaptation
that's a fantastic movie made for
Netflix but let me correct that as if
their feature film department okay now
that's not that made for Netflix well
their series yeah there's some good
serious but then there's also like I
don't know what the fuller house or
Sandler movies they seem to be catering
to like is there an audience for the
spoon will plug in and we'll make it
yeah so they've made some excellent
feature films I have not seen the open
house did you see that one okay yeah I
wanted to bring her to horror movies
that the open house was was god-awful it
was it was dull and dry and then it had
the stupidest ending I've ever seen in
my life okay where it was a non ending
it was a whodunit but at the end they
don't tell you who done it and then it
just ends and it was awful and I watched
another film called before I wake and it
was like had this spooky little kid on
the cover Jacob Tremblay Tremblay he
somehow D aged three years and the star
of the room his acting is is bad in this
oh I see and that's the same directors
Gerald's game which is a fantastic movie
and I like some of his other movies so I
don't know what happened with this one
but I know which sat on a shelf for a
couple years and then they're like I'll
just sell it to Netflix
yeah like you said dumping ground and
it's it's like Jacob Tremblay star of
the room I mean the room was a great
film and room star of room was gonna
avoid correcting you because I wanted to
keep having the room poster bomb yeah
yeah so I have to taught myself you know
he does good in that movie hmm
but then there's this like yeah this
piece-of-shit movie that was on a shelf
and then they they trick you
it's everything's you're just just trick
them you said recently just tricking
it's really disappointed in the case of
this movie too because I was excited by
this sort of release strategy cuz I like
the idea of like we're not gonna worry
about reviews we're not gonna worry
about Rotten Tomatoes we're not going to
worry about advanced buzz and releasing
trailers a year before the fucking movie
comes out and just like constantly
releasing new information about it new
behind-the-scenes stills and having
people that make terrible internet shows
discussing all the my new show of it
it's like oh this movie just exists now
like that's exciting to me
I swear someday the big theaters are
just gonna be Disney it'll just be every
theater will be owned by Disney every
movie in it will be a Disney products
and that's where you go to see the big
spectacle movies that if you want to
watch real movies you go to Amazon or
Netflix and you watch them in the
comfort of your home ready not to deal
with annoying assholes it might it might
go that direction but they've really got
to be mindful of the quality because you
fool me once shame on me I'm sorry I'm
doing a George Bush only once shame on
you fool me twice shame on me
we got this turd will dump it directed
Netflix and apparently there's a fourth
Cloverfield movie that's coming out
later this year that's gonna be
theatrical which makes this one even
more suspect where it's like we got this
movie we've been working on for a while
it sucks we'll make it a Cloverfield
movie we'll dump a direct Netflix and
we'll just move on let's get out of town
quick they're running out with their
bags their suitcases full of money so
carnival
well let's talk about the movie we've
set it up enough we're like talking
about Netflix is a complex discussion
and streaming movies and and well this
movie is an important stepping stone in
what direction Netflix is gonna go
whether it's up or down I'm not sure
anymore yeah between brightness because
bright is like that was there like oh
we're gonna release a big blockbuster
type movie with a real movie star and
that's they mostly released smaller
things until now so bright was like a
big turd and then this movie which is
not only a bigger budget movie but also
part of an established franchise a
successful franchise so it's like oh
okay this is interesting there you go in
a different direction with this doing
the viral marketing thing like they kind
of did with the other movies but taking
it up a notch and then this is just like
worse than bright qslide whistle no I
haven't seen bright but but but what I
mean by you're saying it's a turd but it
was successful for Netflix which is yes
which is odd because this is not
accessible - yeah yeah there's little
trunks of people that that remain and I
can see people watching this movie and
kind of liking it because whoever wrote
this they had a really didn't
calligraphy whoever wrote this said
here's a space movie and it's gonna be a
thrill-a-minute set-pieces
weird should happen keep you on the edge
of your seat now are you approaching it
what they were doing originally before
it became Cloverfield yeah okay and then
I mean Cloverfield just like you need a
monster at the end that big monster big
fat producer with a giant cigar well
you're in a monster at the end and no
one can call Cloverfield sort of Asura
thean so so the the then whoever wrote
it in calligraphy said we just need a
bunch of weirds crazy shit to happen and
then someone says well does it make any
sense no parallel universe thing it
doesn't matter if it makes sense instead
of parallel universe why does this guy's
arm get cut off and then have a mind of
its own and and is trying to tell them
things that's the one weird thing that
happens in the identical parallel
universe J like if you have an amputated
limb it
moves on it's off hey man I'm just
trying to write something that's the
only thing everything else is the same
just that one thing so premise is the
earth is on the brink of war and and and
correct me if I'm wrong the the spoilers
at the very end of the film we reveal
that that whatever the scientists did
created the monster from Cloverfield
right possibly okay because I remember
the opening of Cloverfield was like
hipsters at a party in New York or
something and there was no mention of
world war breaking out it was just no
monster appears
so okay so that doesn't make sense well
there's I can explain a little bit the
little tiny bit of research I've done as
far as how these films connect but let's
get through this movie okay okay world's
world's running out of energy it opens
with our to our main character and her
husband they're there waiting for gas so
the you know there's an energy crisis
and so that the idea is that a bunch of
smart scientists and crew members will
go up to this this newly built space
station called the Cloverfield station
but really it's called Shepherd the
Shepherd because that's what the name of
the machine is and that's all that's why
I was getting confused so the voice-over
just says it's called the Cloverfield we
swear but the the atom-smashing machine
that creates energy is called the
shepherd so they go up there and and
basically it's like what do they call it
a hadron collider or the it's a there's
there's there's there's a giant one in
Illinois that place called Fermilab I
think it's like like miles long it's a
big circle and they shoot like particles
around it like almost the speed of light
they hit each other and I think they do
something when that happens they create
energy or opens a parallel universe that
makes arms move on their own
I think I think when they collide they
make like like a piece of antimatter for
like one trillionth of a second they're
saying like when they smash the atoms
together at such a speed it's possible
to create a tiny black hole yeah which
was the premise for space cop if you
were called I don't recall the plot for
space
of course the axe the experiment goes
wrong and then they appear on the other
side of the Sun for no reason that they
can't find are they like the worst
Earth's gone and they don't think to
look around anything else around them
well they're really far away I guess I
guess they can't read constellations
think smart science quality scientists
yeah well they had they have their
MacGuffin is a gyroscope magic thing oh
yeah that helps the ship think and do
computer stuff so yeah there are
physicists their technicians maybe
they're not space explorers I don't know
that's fine whatever so they end up in a
parallel universe and then this is where
this is where things go nuts yeah this
is where the movie goes off the rails we
get to know our main character as the
movie goes along and she has a little
bit of a moral dilemma which is kind of
interesting that actresses name by the
way she has the most amazing name I've
ever heard
the actresses name is Gugu mbatha-raw
Gugu
her name is GU GU I love it it's great
but bother ah miss iris character well
it's hyphenated it's button mbatha-raw i
she did great as an actress
ya know everybody's fine and all good
actors they're just not given much to do
and the guy from Selma I don't know how
to say his name David or to you will
something like that it's hard for me to
pronounce as I'm culturally insensitive
but he's good I mean what's his face
O'Dowd are so down so doubt isn't it
really
soso you set up these characters but um
goo Goo's character the week we get we
get a Sandra Bullock s gravity arc yeah
with her where it's like there's some
kind of family thing going on you don't
really know until the end and I really
would have liked the film or if it if it
just focused on her yeah and that
tragedy well that's the fire and yeah
that's the interesting aspect is that
moral dilemma of in her dimension her
family's dead there was like an accident
there was a fire her kids and her
that her husband no her husband and I
cuz he's still alive but her kids died
and now in this other dimension her kids
are alive so she has this dilemma of
like you know what do I do
which could be interesting but it's not
fleshed out enough and there's like it's
it's a much more complicated dilemma
than the movie gets into which is like
this would rip apart time in space if
you from this other dimension comes down
to earth like it seems they could be
very dangerous and that sort of
deciphered dilemmas old-hat from where
oh why you're drinking from a very very
interesting mug with Star Trek
characters on it yeah you have this big
moral dilemma you've got this main
character who's sort of like she's
broken she's sad or what happened her
she accidentally burned up her kids by
using a it's like Manchester by the sea
but in space yeah spoilers um she used a
like an illegal Power Cell to give them
power and it burned their house down and
she's oh she's and then she gets into
this parallel universe where she
discovers her kids are alive and dude
does she want to go back and and David
OH says like you can't go back like
there'll be two of you like that this is
her world not yours and then she's this
big emotional scene at the end where
she's like crying and recording this
message and I'm like I feel nothing yeah
I should feel something but I feel
nothing because this none of this was
set up yeah it kind of it's it comes way
late in the movie yeah and everything
before that is just like a bunch of
goofy shit they need to open the movie
with the house fire and just like really
hit you with the emotion like putting
actually God when they were introducing
that in the movie I was like did I miss
the scene earlier did they set this up I
was confused for a moment because I
thought I missed something yeah it felt
like scenes were missing again but yeah
like watching this movie like there is a
couple there was a couple of exciting
scenes but there are really just like
like visceral action scenes that I like
that stuff on its own some of the
weirder there's like some odd like body
horror stuff that I liked like guys I
yeah I was thinking of because this
movie reminded me of a billion different
movies but during that I was kind of
thinking it Prometheus and then like
yeah the arm stuff is like kind of treat
that more humorous but and it doesn't
make any sense but it's interesting
visually it was kind of fun they put the
arm in like a box and it's like right
not my edges to him the other crew
member appearing in the middle of like
the wall yeah the person from the
dimension that they end up in is like
stuck in the wall it's really bizarre
they have to pull the panel off and
there's like wires stuck through her
there and it's like this is kind of
creepy
you
but you mentioned the moral dilemma with
her going back and like her kids are
alive in this dimension this this whole
premise reminded me of an episode of
Star Trek Voyager okay III don't be
annoying about this one of my favorite
episodes from season two
it's called deadlock Lovelock deadlock
the Star Trek Voyager goes into its
hiding in a space cloud and electricity
and some sort of weird weird spatial
anomaly duplicates the ship they share
the same engine but two levels of
reality exist on top of one another so
opens in the beginning the one of the
crew members I forget our names she's
having a baby there's baby born on
Voyager the girls I'm into a little girl
pull bumps on her head forget the name
it's like something with a K I can't
remember the baby isn't goo goo it's
it's cuckoo the baby's born right the
baby's born and then then it dies and so
they're like sorry your baby died and
then at some point Harry Kim gets blown
out into space oh my god they're like
Harry Kim's dead he's blown out into
space and then after a while they
realize you're the Voyager that you're
following their ship keeps like damaging
Excel itself blowing up and they're like
why is everything not working right and
then they figure out that there's
another Voyager on top of them existing
in the exact same space that's all right
and so at the very end they're like
listen we got to blow up one of these
voyagers in order for anyone to live and
so they blow up the one that we started
with mmm which is weird but they're like
before we blow it up we found a little
rift in the space we're gonna send Harry
Kim and the baby over since they died in
your universe and then they blow up the
other way there so the Harry Kim from
season 2 on is it's like an alternate
universe is an alternate universe Harry
Kim and I've always loved that episode
and it's because it's so like you they
figure out a way to talk to each other
on the viewscreen so it's like this
Janeway's talking on that january yeah
hi you know you're one of us has to blow
up like the whole episode there is no
like obviously there's no big like
exciting set pieces and action because
it's just a little TV show the whole
thing set on like the working the
problem out and
the moral dilemma and almost immediately
you kind of understand what the problem
is yeah and so it's working to solve the
problem mixed with the moral dilemma and
solution well and that's what you were
just describing is like 10 Cloverfield
Lane until detect on JJ Abrams big
monster ending but like 90% of that
movie they're in the bunker and it was
characters and there's moral justice
that's a whole different thing and
that's it's it's that's what was
disappointing about this movie was after
10 Cloverfield Lane where it's like oh
this is what this series is going to be
like great like almost like theatrical
black mirror episodes or something the
the idea also of the earth on the brink
of war and scientists in space trying to
start up this power generating machine
and and the trials and tribulations of
that yeah that's interesting to me and
because they're like Russia's going to
invade you know and I'm like hey this is
when they were talking about the earth I
was hoping we would go down there or but
instead we go down there to see goo
Goo's husband who finds a little kid and
then that goes nowhere
that entire storyline like what happened
to that little kid her parents texted
thing who the fuck cares yeah exactly
that I felt like it like that was added
in to make it more Cloverfield so we
keep cutting back to earth and there's
like yeah he gets out of his car at one
point and you see like city and Bruins
and you see a shadow of the monster and
you're like oh okay it's the Cloverfield
monster well also they had that little
bit where they're the crackpot on the
news like whose last name was the same
as John Goodman's last name in clover 10
Cloverfield Lane but it's obviously not
the same character but he's like yeah if
we open up a dimensional rift monsters
can come through like Cloverfield
monster like oh is that gonna happen
yeah maybe that will happen well that's
that's from what I understand that's
supposed to be the explanation for the
way any of these movies connect is when
they're in space and they open up that
rift it basically created all these
different alternate dimensions so like
the first Cloverfield movie is one the
second 10 Cloverfield Lane is it
different and then this is the third
even though the third one takes place 30
years after the first to happen so when
you open a rift it can be a rift through
time and space so the monsters can fall
through but they can fall through into a
different time sounds like loss it's
well that's
actly what I was thinking is like oh
we're setting up all these things that
is just a bunch of nonsense and it'll be
a waste of time just like six seasons
have lost which is why 10 Cloverfield
Lane like you don't need any of this
information in the movie works just fine
as its own it's like a doomsday movie
there's this movie doesn't know what it
wants to be there's there's 10 we can
list anything from event horizon Solaris
I was born I haven't seen event horizon
in a very long time but when I was
watching this I was getting flashbacks
to it and then the same thing they
travel through a wormhole or something
they have any rival Razer world yeah I
think you had some kind of star drive
that like folded time and space like a
warp drive almost but then it opened up
a rift to hell I think I haven't seen in
a long time but a similar concept you
know space horror with aliens and
prometheus
I don't expand or has worked since 1979
we never get that like that alien scene
where they're all eating dinner together
and you know it like we get that's why
alien works so well as a space horror
movie because they just feel like I mean
their space truckers they just feel like
people hanging out doing their job and
scientists couldn't feel like people
hanging out doing their job but you need
to have them have personalities and
characters and sure this is I think this
really was just it was a circus that
came to town and said look at the
attraction attraction one is the ladies
appears in a wall of screaming
attraction to is guy's eye moves and oh
and the bars yeah works well and then
the attraction 3 a Chinese lady caught
in a water tank track should follow the
spinning spaceship come see the spinning
space aren't all these scenes exciting
wow I'm at the ending
shocker climax yeah that we didn't
expect that we didn't expect even though
they told us six times I think I do
gotta say that my shock kind of gave me
the chills even though it didn't make
any sense they just eat their little
spaceship no you just see the spaceship
go down into the clouds and it must have
been like I don't know like the this the
dimension of it like creeped me out like
goes down in the clouds and it's super
tiny and then like a giant version of
the Cloverfield monster pops up but it's
like ooh that thing's so huge it's scary
yeah but it doesn't make any sense and
who cares it just came up in the space
yes it's gone it's big blue full of
angry people keep looking you find it so
it's the circus that came to town and it
took your money and left town I don't
know what else to say like Netflix you
gotta step up your game
like Martin Scorsese next movies being
made for Netflix like the greatest
living film maker so we got that to look
forward to Chris he's dredging up the
corpses of like Robert De Niro and Joe
Pesci so what is he makin
I don't know the irishman it's called I
don't know anything that I'm a good
mobster thing I don't know grumpy old
mobsters that's what we called Elva
Chino isn't it - I think I'd watch that
yeah grumpy old nobs watch that I would
say up until the last couple months I
was really optimistic about Netflix and
where they were going with the movies
that they were making and then like
bright and this it's it's like it's like
like cutting your heroin with like like
like sawdust like you you want good
stuff you want the high quality heroin
yeah and you're like you get tricked I'm
surprised that winchester movie wasn't
directed Netflix that somehow got a
theatrical release well that's a thing -
is that should have been directed
Netflix they could have sold that
winchester movie to Netflix and it
wouldn't have gotten 13% Rotten Tomatoes
score like that's the harbinger of doom
the good thing about streaming is you
could turn something on watch it for 10
minutes and shut it off if you don't
like it as opposed to going and paying
in a theater well one one yeah one
positive of this Cloverfield paradox
what's it called
Cloverfield paradox I was watching it
late at night and I got so fucking bored
I fell asleep but then I could just wake
up the next morning and finish it if I'd
fallen asleep in the theater I had to
buy another goddamn ticket yeah that's
right that's the police would have taken
you so you can't sleep here so it's good
that the value of movies is going down
yeah you know whose hearts gonna go it's
a very complicated model right now that
we're dealing with and not just Netflix
but the theater system as long as there
are writers out there writing quality
scripts
we'll be okay but they're not
so Jay do we have any more VCR repairing
work to do I think it's time to upgrade
our computer system - this is just a
monitor there is absolutely no computer
attached to it there's no power cord and
this is not connected to it either how
do you misplace a whole fucking computer
you see this isn't connected to anything
it's just awkwardly shutting behind the
monitor yeah so really I think we really
need to do some major renovations on the
VCR repair shop this sounds like a great
storyline I mean a great idea I have a
better one let's just not do anything
okay
