Sep 20, 2018
Mandy and the Predator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTwXQR9ku5c
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1042755952011816961
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155904266302634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-mandy-and-the-predator

Half in the bag.
My diaper's full.
well Mike we're back at mr. plinkus house
finally it's been a while I'm sure a
crazy adventure will drop into our laps
at any moment so you want to talk about
some movies sure J fist closed around a
serpentine Mandy breaks new ground by
being the first film ever to be shot
entirely on location inside of Satan's
butthole in the film Nicolas Cage acts
Mike what did you think of Mandy uh well
this film was interesting Jai thank you
for making me watch it is that sarcasm
I mean this film was no tagged with a
movie but which I thought was one of the
best films of the year that's our case
so it has a lot to live up to know I I
liked this film a lot okay I didn't love
it because obviously you know it's it's
a little thin on story but you know I'm
able to turn that part of my brain off
for a while and just enjoy the
incredible incredible visuals and
cinematography and amazing like
creativity in in just what you're seeing
when you're just like what like David
Lynch and Jodorowsky kind of stuff you
know what I mean where you're just like
why is there a planet there I don't care
no visually yeah yeah but as far as
influences go it seems like a lot of it
comes from like trashy B movies well
there's the 70s grindhouse kind of like
this style it's like a Hellraiser demons
there's yes when there was a when I was
like oh yeah no no no chainsaw fight is
happening I mean there are parts where I
laughed out loud there are parts that
were like disturbing there were parts
where I was like it kind of takes a
bizarre like shift like one Nicolas Cage
goes and talks to the guy who was in
predator oh yeah Bill Duke he's still
alive he's still alive whose face is
just like permanently scarred in my
brain in terror because he's the guy who
gets like cut in half or something in
predator right something horrible
happens to man predator I don't even
remember and they're gonna say the
close-ups of his face and this horrified
you so what you undo it
it's crazy evil Nicholas Cage and lady
has his love the titular man's a chiller
man be live in a magical house in the
woods far away from everybody else
you're there they're isolated they don't
they're happy that was there's a little
storybook yeah a little very very very
simple right next to as she mentions at
one point Crystal Lake
yes that's really obvious of a reference
a little too obvious um a cult of Jesus
freaks on LSD show up drive by her and
their cult leader Jeremiah becomes
enamored with Mandy and wants her in his
cult or to procreate with her who the
fuck knows I wants to be loved
that's a running theme of the movie his
love which we can get into but I think
he sees her cuz yeah they drive past her
on the side of the road the scene is
bathed in red looks gorgeous but she
that actress I had to look her up
afterwards cuz it's like if I seen her
before I guess she was in Birdman but I
haven't seen that since the theater I
don't remember but she stood out to me I
mean she's the title character and she
reminded me a lot of Shelley Duvall
that's sort of like like sad doe-eyed
yes very vulnerable and I think that's
why the cult leader kind of latches on
doors cuz she looks like she has like
one eye is fucked up and she's got like
a scarred as some sort of back story
that we don't isn't spelled out in the
movie but this idea that like because he
is like an egomaniac you know and he
just once loved and that's why it's a
leader of this cult yeah
so I think that's sort of like yeah him
kind of latching on to her like I can
take advantage of all this is this
damaged person I just assumed I was the
directors girlfriend or wife it felt
they had a little Sheri moon zombie kind
of feel to it like I didn't get that at
all I thought she was I thought she was
great those movies she didn't say
anything
no no that's it's the it's a perfect
casting because she works visually as
far as like someone who's like damaged
and vulnerable and his sort of found
peace with the Nicolas Cage character
I loved all that stuff I mean Nicolas
Cage
uh-oh I thought he was good in the movie
I mean Nicolas Cage's and two types of
movies now he's in the director red box
movies that he does just because he has
to pay off his back taxes he's had like
20 of those a year and then he's in a
couple like smaller films made by people
that want to utilize him in an
interesting way because he is a good
actor oh yeah but he's just crazy and he
has crazy instincts and I think he has
to work with the right filmmaker that
can kind of like sculpt that and use it
appropriately I think I really don't
know what to think of his performance
because his his real-life personality
kind of overshadows it I saw a picture
of him at the I know if it was like the
LA premiere this movie or some sort of
screening and he's wearing like
sunglasses indoors and like a gold
jacket there's a scene when he comes
into the bathroom and he has Tiger shirt
on and he's in underwear his hands
screaming and drinking vodka pouring it
all over his wounds and just shouting I
love that scene actually that's
obviously right after I don't think it's
a spoiler it's a revenge movie this is a
spoiler that the Mandy gets killed by
the cult but yeah I love that scene
because it's like it starts out just
super far away at the other side of the
bathroom with a super wide angle lens oh
yeah and it's almost like like I've
never felt apprehension from a camera
operator more right right like it looks
like like when they were filming it they
didn't know what he was gonna do because
like the camera starts to go in and then
backs up for a minute I noticed that
there's a little like kind of motion
where it's like hesitation where they're
like is he gonna like they give us Turk
throwing things at me everybody ever
that's scene in Apocalypse Now with
Martin show oh yeah punches the mirror
and it's like really bleeding really
just actually got him drunk Marty yeah
keep going
it reminded me a lot of that because it
you had this feeling that the actor was
more in control yeah and it wasn't so
staged and you know it was just like who
even knows if Nicolas Cage is really
drunk or on LSD no or you know we're
snorting a giant pile coke off of a
broken piece of glass yeah yeah there's
stuff like that so and then and then you
have that like gritty I don't know if
this was shot on film for real but
assume it was I don't think it was I
think it's digital and then they just
some filtering well I had the look of
film
yeah the grain and like weird exposures
and I think a lot of it was manipulated
later because there's a part where
they're laying in bed yeah and you could
see sort of like a weird mat lying
around them that's a different color and
then it kind of becomes changing the
exposure changes on them and not you
know you could tell like it was done
later it was like I don't know it
doesn't really matter it just had that
that gritty feel of like like a movie
where everyone who was making it was on
drugs
you think you're so in love
I'll show you love did you feel I
watched it twice the first time I
watched hits I kind of felt a slight
disconnect between the first half of the
second oh yeah total change cuz well in
that sort of like cuz I really liked the
movie the first time I saw it but I
watched it again and it clicked for me a
lot more the second time because the
first time I was watching through and
it's like it's very kind of slow and
methodically paced and spent a lot of
time just lingering with those two
characters and then cult shows off the
killer and then right after she's dead
it's like that's when the craziness
starts happening uh-huh that all stuff
you've seen the trailer gets so crazy
there's chainsaw fights and demons and
all that stuff Nicolas Cage lights a
cigarette off of flaming severed head
and so I was like it's getting I mean
it's still like it's executed almost
like it's taking itself seriously but
it's still very goofy yeah and so I kind
of felt like the first half was more
grounded still stylish but grounded yeah
yeah yeah oh I agree with you because I
was like oh different movie now yeah and
and I don't know if that's a good thing
or a bad thing with this I think just
all bets are off
well you like it or you don't I suppose
but I mean the second time I watched it
I felt more you have Star Trek I have
David Lynch okay but if I should David
Lynch in the sense not necessarily
stylistically but in terms of it
reminded me of Twin Peaks and Laura
Palmer now Laura Palmer dies but her
kind of essence informs everything else
that happens she kind of lingers over
the rest of the show and I got that from
this especially the second time watching
it like there's lots of imagery in the
second half that looks like it's
straight out of a heavy metal album
cover because Cage yeah this animation
looks like the movie heavy metal Nicolas
Cage Ford forges his own axe but that I
was thinking like in the first half
Mandy is like constantly wearing like
heavy metal shirts she's reading fantasy
novels and there's there's like
landscape shots that look right out of a
fantasy world and so it's like she like
her essence is just like lingering over
the whole film almost like it's kind of
told from her perspective this sort of
otherworldly perspective
and so that's that's that's when like I
really like the movie
first time but I liked it so much more
than the second time you see that I was
trying to see if at the very end there's
a shot where he's driving away
I think he's driving towards camera and
there's a Capanna
or what yeah and I was trying to see if
that was Jupiter I assume so they have
that discussion early on about what's
your favorite planet Jupiter right I
have to look into it but I was guessing
I think it's like two planets it's a
couple yeah it's I'm assuming it's the
two they mentioned but yeah but I was
curious about the Jupiter thing too it's
like I bet there's some sort of
astrological significance to Jupiter and
that's what they're referencing yeah so
I looked it up and it is yeah it's like
Jupiter is conducive to like creativity
and having a more open mind and higher
intellect about certain things kind of
like what the cult leader wants to be
you know but he's just fueled completely
by ego he's a complete fraud there's a
great scene where she's on hallucinogens
and he's like talking about how much
he's been touched by God and he's like
playing his album and he's like like the
Carpenters but better and then of course
he whips out his dick and she just
starts laughing at him it's so great you
have your own song about you that moment
there's a scene where he goes to visit
Bill Duke and and to get his crossbow
yes and it's like the the first half is
so like cereal and and quiet and strange
and then it's just like hard cut yeah
and he's there and he's like yes I'm
fucking Jesus freaks it okay and I'm
like mmm it's a totally different film
now yeah Nicolas Cage is speaking it's
not so dreamlike and now he's just
driven by pure rage and then it's gonna
get silly and you got those the the
Marilyn Manson the what are they called
in Zen Oh bites see no son of i'ts
alright yeah we're just funny too
because they show up and they they're
called on by a horn yeah they called the
horn of a breakfast and I'm wondering if
that's a reference to the Jesse Ventura
movie up here with me story
it's about yeah well speaking of
references we got to talk about what was
on the TV yes this is the most important
thing in any movie this year Mandy and
Nicolas Cage are watching night beasts
shout out to our boy Dondo Larry I love
that they're watching it so like
intently - it's right it's like some
corny b-movie but they're like super
into it yeah and cheddar Goblin we got
to talk about we got to talk about
cheddar goblin no it's the funniest
thing I've maybe seen in a movie all
year so cheddar Goblin I guess I found
out after the fact was directed by the
too many cooks guide yeah and it plays
at the most inappropriate time I loved
that though they're standing there
staring at it I mean this is immediately
after she's killed and it lingers so
much on that and he's like looking at
her ashes and it's still in the shape of
her face and then it blows away like
it's really it's really haunting but
it's a nice kind of like Lenny comes
home and that stupid chatter Goblin
commercial is odd and it's like I don't
know it's like commenting I like the
universe doesn't care about your
problems it's like in real life if you
find out you know someone you care about
died and then walking on sunshine comes
on the radio it's like it doesn't matter
what's going on in your life yeah things
exist outside of that so I thought that
was great and then right so that's the
bathroom freak out yes and then there's
the I couldn't help but think of Neil
Breen when the tiger showed up and the
guy lets the tiger out
and and it's like it's like growling at
the moon and it's like clearly
green-screen - yeah Neill brain popped
in my head but you know then there's a
real-life tiger obviously there's a
tiger on a shirt and so there's there's
a lot of like a lot of creativity going
on here I mean this is this is one of
the more fascinating movies I've seen in
a long time oh sure where you're just
like kind of mesmerised by it but also
you know I looked at some of the like
the critical reviews are great because
critics appreciate film they appreciate
you know technique technique all the
things in this movie you know like I
said after watching lots of tags thank
you fuck his tag you know what this is
Pegasus WA is another failed Jason
Bateman comedy oh my god Whaley is he
gonna net no he's not in that okay it
was awful it was awful but what I'm
saying is critics have to sit through a
lot of that then you get to some kind of
like thing like this that's just like
visionary and beautiful and different
and like stunning in so many ways and
then and then also so like still weird
and gory all these like bizarre choices
that you just you don't even think of
yeah like yeah I'm gonna make a revenge
movie okay you know I think he gets his
crossbow and he's gonna you know who
pictured him forging some kind of
bizarre acts you know like where does
this come from yeah so you know you
still want to be surprised when you
watch a movie is you still want to be
like challenged but oh my point was was
I was looking at the reviews and it's
like five star five star one star five
star but that's it worst thing I've ever
fucking seen in my whole life now
clearly an all type of a polarizing
movie yes
well Jay you like like the filmmaker
Panos cosmos Pano's cosmatos which is
like when you see his movies you say of
course his name would be Panos cuz
mottos I don't know what the hell he is
I know his dad was a director his dad
directed like tombstone and Cobra was
Stallone oh okay
slightly different types of movies yeah
than these yeah III thought I first
thought for sure he was he was Greek
with the name like panels cuz models I
don't know if you google him you look at
a picture of him he just looks like any
average Star Wars fan this guy here he's
directing ant-man and the wasp so I mean
maybe formula you make one or two small
budget movies and then you get scooped
up to make whatever the next predator my
he's gonna he's doing the the reboot of
the live-action scooby-doo movie okay
that's a great choice yeah they picked
Panos cuz models and Nicolas Cage is
gonna play scooby-doo right he'll do the
voice no it's gonna be him oh it's just
it's just a little ears oh okay yeah
that's a it's just gonna get weird in
there they're gonna fire him over
creative differences and the scooby-doo
eats everyone now they're gonna fire him
over creative differences cuz this won't
be made by Disney but you he made a film
called beyond the black rainbow yes
which was about the when they shot The
Wizard of Oz with the munchkins running
amok in a hotel with Chevy Chase yeah
and Carrie Fisher sure am I getting that
right I think that's it yeah it's a very
funny film very respectful of little
people okay doesn't it doesn't treat
them like horrible monsters at all but
did you like this film better or worser
than beyond the black rainbow uh I I
don't know I like them both a lot I live
I've obviously had more time to kind of
process beyond the black rainbow it came
out eight years ago but I don't know I
he's two for two as far as I'm concerned
i I loved both both of his movies I
figured you would cuz you're weird
and and I had high expectations for it
because the trailer was great and
because I liked the director so much and
I would say it it exceeded my
expectations
I actually liked a lot more I was
expecting the craziness the weird
demon fights and whatnot but it was
actually much more kind of emotionally
resonant than I was expecting the
relationship of Mandy and how she sort
of haunts the entire film like yeah
that's the stuff that really it out of
all the movies you could say that this
felt like it was influenced by the one
that reminded me the most it was the
crow as far as it's like a kind of a
revenge action movie but there's this
just kind of underlying sadness through
the whole thing for a while I thought
there was going to be a little bit of a
plot twist because they early on the the
there's a wonderful scene where the bald
man and then several of the the cult
members are in a van and they stop and
that's when they they summon the demons
or whoever well knows Bill Duke explains
that they're just bikers that had bad
LSD and it fucked up their brains
forever yeah yeah but they they summon
them and he gives them a jar and he
drinks it which we later find out is
some kind of hallucinogenic yes and then
they they they're like they say
something and they're like sacrificed a
fat kid yeah when that when they kill
Mandy and they she's in like a bag and
so I thought it might have been a
switcheroo
and might not have been her in the bag
of might been another cult member
because why not show the horror of her
being killed
why conceal it in a bag and I so I
thought oh maybe she's still alive and
maybe there's gonna be some kind of
twist at the end something and then this
she's just off someone at a time it's
pretty straightforward I will say it
would have been nice to have one sort of
kink in the story it's alright yeah cuz
it is pretty straightforward though you
guys like a little they deviate a little
bit where he goes to visit the guy that
makes the acid and that's like kind of
the only break from murdering people
so some sort a little twist along the
way it's obviously it's not completely
story driven movie but you you you could
do you could say thin on plot yeah yeah
and which is fine but as some little
kink along the way I think would have
helped it a little yeah well the the
hard question now is do you recommend
and II absolutely I mean you already
summed it up and that it's a five-star
movie or it's a one-star movie yes it's
not free fuel if you don't like kind of
very slowly paced movies that are more
kind of hypnotic and you know if you're
just waiting for the next story beads
like no but I think the people that
watch out sir into movies and wants to
see creative different things and it
doesn't get much better than this as far
as I'm concerned if you're a fan of
cinema as I always say yeah don't
recommend it to Grandma grandma's not
gonna like this the revenge picture like
oh like the westerns like like John
Wayne getting back at the Injuns
no no no grandma it's a little different
so yeah this really for cinephiles
people that like like weird things like
you but I'm like I'm like a hybrid I'm a
person that likes a good story and I
like my my characters grounded in
reality it's not moms night out although
Panos has been tapped to direct moms
night out - oh no
see the cosmic dark
you
well Mike what else did we see this week
something that's equally as artistically
ambitious oh yeah not tagged the
predator
although Panos Cosmo toast has also
tagged to tag the tag remake yes that's
important word it really what it is oh
we saw the proud of our we have a word
let me guess he's done something crazy
remember Robocop 2014 remember Total
Recall 2012 remember The Terminator
Salvation and Genesis oh that was just
an unrelated sentence it has nothing to
do with what follows it's time for the
soft slash hard reboot of predator
called get ready the predator we thought
we were in good hands with Shane Black
behind the wheel but it turns out he was
drunk also the car had no steering wheel
or brakes in the sequel / reboot
predators are coming and going to earth
with a mission of not being predators
remember the predator so Jay what did
you think of the peddit er I mean
predator predator oh we talking about
that actor they got cut out of the movie
no I just misspoke oh I just said I said
peda dirt that's weird it's weird yeah
it just came out funny so did this movie
little-known fact this is a
technological breakthrough is it's a new
technique being used in movies which is
that this entire film was edited with a
weed whacker Wow well let's start off
with some positives it won't take long
okay
tried to be different from the other
predator movies yes your pictures I told
you that that is that is a positive as
far as a rebooting of the series I guess
trying to create I don't know our
cinematic universe is still thing yes
okay they keep trying to be a thing the
only one that hasn't failed horribly
it's been marveled yeah yeah that's true
I think everyone's failed at it every
single one and start so the conjuring
movies I guess those are pretty
conjuring Universe Star Wars a stumbling
that it's trying but then this yeah this
has a sequel Eden so clearly they're
trying to reboot the the predator idea
but yeah it wasn't special ops guys in
the jungle
now it wasn't predators the Robert
Rodriguez produced movie that was a good
movie it was but like that movie well
that movie captures the spirit of the
original predator certainly more than
this one does this movie's a farce but
that's that's like a hard case of soft
reboot that predators movie because it
is a bunch of people wandering around
the jungle fighting predator there's a
little twist that they're on a different
planet but yeah still feels very much
like the same type of movie yeah I
suppose
predators too but this one it like at
least it's trying to go in a different
direction so it's trying to do five
different predator plots in one movie it
feels like five different movies but
there's things like the first predator
that crash-lands and they've got him
like tied down in that science research
facility and it breaks out and like just
seeing it casually walk around the
hallways of this place and start killing
people is kind of fun yeah even though
when you find out why he's on earth it
makes absolutely no sense because he's
trying to save us
oh he's here to save us from global once
here well he's here to save us from the
Predators that want to wipe us out
because of global warming i I don't even
know where to it's a fuckin well this is
this is written and directed by Shane
Black Shane black and Fred Decker who
they pulled out of a closet Friday Rob
he hasn't done anything in 25 years he
worked on Star Trek Enterprise Jam that
was I think the last thing he did he
directed with Shane black he wrote
Monster Squad and directed monster squad
way back when childhood favorite of mine
but then he also wrote and directed
night of the creeps
which I love wait a minute I'm thinking
about something do you think these two
old school guys looked at the landscape
of movies today and said wow the most
shitty things make tons of money
Jurassic world's errands for murrs do
you think they said since they're funny
guys
do you think they said let's write the
worst script we can make the messiest
most terrible movie and
if it gets to a billion dollars
worldwide it's like just as a joke
amongst themselves that's the only
answer I think that's the only answer
because this is this movie I said after
we watched it I said it was the worst
thing I've ever seen and I know they say
that a lot but I may have meant it this
time yeah it's not that bad but it's a
mess and I guess you apparently weren't
familiar they did reshoots which isn't a
big deal like every big movie has
reshoots now and they always say like
grease you it's since the movie in
trouble but uh but this is the case
where I think yeah the movie was in
trouble slated reshoots and they made it
worse what did they reshoot do you know
I I don't know exactly I know the third
act and the original version had there
was a revelation that there was an area
52
we had predators that are like good guy
predators they're like our allies oh
yeah because there's like some
behind-the-scenes photos of like our
ragtag team in like a tank with
predators on it and so we team up with
the Predators to stop the mutant
predator and so the studio said you
can't do that instead have them run
around the woods and we'll cut it so
quick that you can't tell what the fuck
is happening oh god that's right yeah
they at some point they said we haven't
had people being hunted in the woods
yeah and that's what people know yes and
then all of a sudden they just oh that
was such a clusterfuck it's so ok
spoilers yeah we have our group of like
PTSD vets that are our heroes through
the whole movie and then we get to the
scene in the woods at the end and just
one after the other they all get killed
like yeah just all of a sudden because
that's what happened in the first
predator did you even know I had to look
it up online afterwards because I wasn't
sure if this is what happened or not did
you realize that sterling K Brown died
in that scene it happens so quick
no he apparently well that's I wasn't
sure if it happened or not so I looked
over after afterwards to find out
because he's got you know the predator
cannon on his shoulder Oh Ashley had
turned and shot himself in that it
happened so fast right but yeah he turns
and then he I guess shoots his head off
I wonder if they cut it down it was
to gory or something but yeah Jacob
Tremblay earlier ons like he asked him
how to use it he's like he's like which
senses danger and just fires like okay
yeah yeah that sounds like a really
sophisticated weapon that an alien would
use something that just thinks for
itself yeah that doesn't make any sense
but then yeah I guess
the weapons sense that Sterling Kay
Braun was a danger to something and it
shot him in the head yeah
happens in less than a second yeah this
is this is a mess
autism works or how like PTSD works or
how Tourette's syndrome works yes yeah
it's like it's the the the the notion of
Tourette's being only swears yeah like
cock shit mother fucker cocksucker like
that's like nothing like you think of
that when you're in like sixth grade
right make jokes about Tourette's yeah
it's not that it's like what or that
when you say those things you're like
angry yeah it's Thomas Jane who like he
should have been the lead of this movie
cuz he's got some more presence than
whoever this lead guy is oh yeah he's
got Tourette's syndrome and it's almost
exclusively used as a punchline like
when they don't know how to end a scene
if x jane swear it's incredibly unfunny
and and the writing feels super dated
and and for a minute just a minute I was
watching it and and the guys are all
being like they're all swearing and you
know kind of keegan-michael Keys in it
which whenever he was on screen all I
was thinking was how he was like leaning
back and a seed and just being like my
buddy won an Oscar and I'm here well
whenever he was on screen to me all I
kept thinking of was you know unlike the
MTV Movie Awards or like the Oscars when
they would they would take like the real
footage of movies yes and and kind of
insert their own like jokey stony
crystal shows up yes yes and they
reshoot segments
to decide is what to do with the time
that is given to you and this from a guy
in a nine-hour movie that kind of stuff
whenever I see keegan-michael key on on
screen I kept thinking like him in the
original predator look out guys as a
part of a skit whatever it is out there
kill Tompa indict once ice a little out
of place in this and and then so you got
the the ragtag group of guys who are all
army guys but they all have their own
quirks yeah and they're all saying like
fucking obnoxious and offensive things
that normally I would just be like okay
with I wouldn't care but then after a
while it started to grate on me to the
point of like this is dumber than like a
Transformers movie even where it felt
like the script was written by like a
thirteen-year-old boy because yeah
because there's so much land this isn't
the type of thing we normally complain
about either but there's so much
swearing like just randomly inserted
fucks throughout the movie look like
excessively or it's like what are we
doing
yeah well the worst thing was was like
okay yeah I get it with with guys who
have PTSD or some kind of crazy mental
problems but then it cuts to sterling K
Brown it's not a predator that's a
sports hunter well we took a vote
predators cool right yeah and he's like
the the guy in charge of this like alien
operation and he's like say fuck yeah
fuck yeah and then like one of the
scientists is like fuck yeah
motherfucker and they go like this and
they fist bump yeah and they go and I'm
like what's happening yeah why is this
happening it would be okay with them
turning the predator into a farce if it
was well done but this is just so poorly
executed if it's like it wasn't witty
funny like no which was surprising for
Shane black yeah he's usually so good
with like characters and funny dialogue
between characters and there's a few
moments with the group guys where they
had some funny stuff back and forth a
couple parts when they're in the hotel
room they had Olivia Munn she'd be like
wake yeah it was like a glimmer there's
a couple of arts there and then when
they go to the main guy
his house with his wife there and
they're like hanging out in the living
room right there's a couple funny
moments there but that's about it
do you remember remember the part when
the one character said you're a fucking
retard
and then one of them said the main guy
said yeah maybe you choose a different
word next time he's like yeah I don't
say retarded man his fucking kids
retarded yeah and I'm not one of those
people like that goes oh you don't say
that word I'd like if it says if it's
said in a movie you know especially a
dated movie like a movie that takes
place in the 90s the 80s what kind of
kids talk like that more often yeah and
they say that I'm like okay it's in
context or okay or if it's at least like
funny I mean it just felt like because
these are the characters are supposed to
like and they're all like idiots it felt
like there's a great use of the word in
Being John Malkovich excuse me yes wow
you're really great in that movie I'm
gonna play that retard
oh thank you very much I have a cousin
who's you retard oh thank you yeah so um
as you might imagine it means a lot to
me to see retards portrayed on the
silver screen so compassionately well
thank you
and that was funny cuz it's like oh this
dumb guys interrupting his dinner yes
contact contacts you can make things
funny in context well yeah instead of
being a clever witty movie that might
have been a little raunchy
it felt like a movie that was written by
like dude bros and a frat yeah and and
then I was really surprised by that like
and and let's talk about our female
characters now oh sure they introduced
Olivia Munn as scientists biologists
yeah well they don't introduce her they
just cut to her in a shot because they
had to cut out the sex predator from the
film we're introduced to Olivia Munn
these the government shows up and they
she's just like in a park and we don't
know what's happening and then they're
like well watch your dog for you oh she
has a dog like we don't know what
happened so fast but what but the the
opening of that scene was yeah the Shane
Black's friend was there hitting on her
careful uh well he was he's a registered
sex offender it's not an actual okay we
just want it to be okay well I don't
know what happened I just don't want to
pull an Elon Musk but anyway they cut
out the whole first half of that scene
so Olivia Munn just shows up when you're
like oh I guess she's their character
yes and Olivia mom and her having a dog
has nothing to do with anything
I guess she kind of trains the predator
dog later which is stupid oh they sort
of domesticate it by shooting it in the
brain and then it's not evil anymore is
that what's supposed to happen there I
don't yeah I think it was so injured
that it I don't know I don't even want
to think about it my point was yes
Olivia Munn is is introduced as a lady
biologist who may or may not specialize
in like exobiology like alien life or
she's so good at biology the government
has her on retainer to collar up in the
event and ET shows up so they give her
the call and she shows up and they take
her in and they show her the predator in
the lab and and you kind of think okay
ladies of biologists the predator breaks
out and starts murdering everyone yes
everyone but her and you'd think she
would just run the fuck out of there
but instead she's like she gets a like a
dart gun like a tranquilizing gun and
and it's like like going around doing
like SWAT move she's running again the
roof and then jumps off of the roof onto
a moving bus bus and yeah and then
because she wants to get the predator I
understand like like it shouldn't get
out right at the lab but it's not really
her responsibility at that point plus
also I don't want to judge someone on
their occupation but a biologist might
not be the best at like military tactics
and jumping from a roof rooftop to
rooftop
well then later she grabs a shotgun and
and it's like like I never even picked
up a shotgun like I'd be like yeah you
know what I mean
and then so I thought at some point he
was gonna say like where'd you train you
know yeah turns out she has some
backstory turns out she has a military
background before and then she got into
the military wing of biology well I was
I served in you know I served in
Afghanistan for five years and then I
got into biology and then I started and
got my PhD after that blah blah blah
blah blah maybe I was cut out who knows
but or it's just like do all character
yeah and then it's it's it's my rant on
the strong female character that that
flips while a bus is turning and
exploding yeah it's not a strong female
character and a character that can do
anything all the time yeah and there's
no reason you know it's like damned if
you do damned if you don't because you
don't want if you have a damsel in
distress people will say you're being
sexist because she's just a damsel in
distress but if she can suddenly hold
her own the same as trained soldiers
yeah then it's also a bad thing because
you're it's almost like you're being
condescending like just because she's a
girl she could do all the things that
the men can do do you know what I mean
it's his weird gray area where her
character should not
have been jumping on the roof of a bus
right it just felt weird and not not
saying that she should have been the
love interest / damsel-in-distress but I
reused her knowledge of biology that the
other guys don't have they did
occasionally in the film but it just
seemed like so ridiculous
predator is like one of those franchises
that works that simple simple simple
simple level like Halloween yeah
Halloween is the best example jaws is
another example the story is told it's
very simple this is it The Terminator
although you know T to expand it a
little bit you can make good sequels out
of these things but you can one you
don't necessarily need to and two you've
got to keep it kind of you know don't
get too crazy with everything right
right right I mean the right person
could write it and expand the predator
universe there's been comic books and
shit for decades of people doing this
stuff there so alien vs. predator movies
and and what a waste of having it set on
Halloween too you could add some fun
stuff with the predator walking around
during trick-or-treating I didn't do
anything with that they did one scene
where Jacob Tremblay accidentally
murdered somebody because he's wearing
the mask and that was it it's just too
too violent well it is a predator the
original movies pretty violent yeah but
it was there to hunt yeah and oh yeah no
here it's just like a like a slasher
villain right what yes exactly and it's
a it's like if if you introduce Jason
Voorhees
but Jason Voorhees is there to save the
human race by giving our government
secret technology yeah but you don't
explain why he's doing yet no no
explanation as to why Jason Voorhees is
there he goes up to the US Capitol and
yes in technology but while he's giving
the technologies just slashing people
with the butcher knife yeah or an axe I
mean right
oh they use Jacob Tremblay right to
access the interior of the predator ship
I wanted to mention this okay and
because he has autism and because he
studied the predator technology in his
basement he's able to use like 3d like
glowing red buttons and he opened the
door yeah and so they let us into the
ship Jacob Tremblay but anyway his dad
or lead hero character and a couple of
the military guys are jumping around on
the roof of the spaceship as its flying
off yes and they're like predators
activating a shield and the shield is
going to super slow our hero gets
trapped under the shield his friend he's
injured so he's gonna kill himself by
jumping into the engine but also while
he's flying into the engine he's
shooting his gun everyone's shooting
their gun so much I had thought of that
Simpsons episode where Homer gets a gun
and and he's like using it to shut off
the light it was just like shooting
everything turn off the TV by shooting
his gun at it and sorry I laughed out
loud then why do you think that whole
ending could have because that whole
ending I believe was reshot that was a
dish '''l shooting do you think that
whole thing could have been done by
Shane Black like sarcastically maybe
like you want this to be more like
audience friendly yeah here yeah and he
makes like the stupidest shit ever yeah
that's what I'm saying yeah yeah he
flies into the engine but also shoots
his gun at the same time instead of like
like a dramatic moment you know where he
he fell into the engine like we're know
instead it's a farce but anyway so so
hero was inside the shield between the
shield and the spaceship and he slides
around he's can try to rescue his son
who's on board because the Predators
want to take them back to their home
planet so they can use this autism to
make
predators like and that's the thing I
just said that actually happens you know
it does and our hero that needs to get
inside the ship so the same control
panel appears and he goes how the fuck
did he know how to do that Jacob
Tremblay was so important that yeah he's
the only when the computer link a brown
brought him up to the ship he couldn't
figure it out nobody could yeah but I
guess our hero made it maybe they had a
shot of him like looking through like
binoculars as he did it you know and of
course he remembers from a hundred feet
away exactly like the sequence of alien
characters and glowing red 3d like that
Jacob Tremblay did this is it's all
edited so quick it all happens so fast
you're not supposed to think about it it
just happens yeah that's why I'm
thinking that they wrote this movie as a
joke like let's come up with the
stupidest thing ever that's gonna save
our asses
I'm so tired of these like properties
yeah they they just need they need new
new ideas I mean that's why Mandy was
good you know but I mean like as far as
sci-fi yeah that's obviously a different
audience different kind of if you're
talking to a big like studio movies they
need that that an alien as another one
that I mean Cameron did aliens and that
was a good sequel yeah but alien that
concept of there's a weird alien on your
ship and or the Terminator something has
come back from the future
like that that really simple premise
they don't seem to do those anymore or
even attempt them yeah because we're
it's like the the concept is what sells
the moon not me not the IP or the star
right a shark in the water a robot sent
back from the future
an alien aboard your cargo ship and a
predator in the woods hunting down a
group of soldiers right simple simple
concepts executed well everything needs
to be big and grand and have five
different plot threads going on with 16
different characters and spaceships
exploding and this they and you have to
set up two sequels yeah because I think
they they think that the audience when I
go to see a movie oh is that all it is
is just you know eight guys in the woods
the whole time oh no no they go to six
other planets look what happened with
dread that movie came out and it flopped
horribly because it's just dread in an
apartment complex
yeah and that was and that's a wonderful
movie fantastic movie um I think it's
it's been proven now the audience's are
Dumber
they expect a bigger louder more
set-pieces more explosions well I think
I think people expect that because
that's what they keep getting and we
keep getting that because a couple
movies have done it successfully that's
true everybody's trying to replicate the
Marvel formula cuz Marvel did it well so
we got to do that too yeah make a good
movie and deal with sequels and crap if
the first movie is successful and works
right right
yeah it just it feels like there every
movie is to try and top the next one as
far as like just big stuff happening and
this is a perfect example of
too much going on and too messy and too
sloppy and they could have made the
predator a reboot about a predator
coming to earth and you know maybe
change up the location a little add a
little bit in but don't go hog wild you
could still have the busload of weirdo
vets and that's the movie is them kind
of you know get the predator or whatever
yes that's your movie right tone it down
it's just the nightmare it's a
headache-inducing yeah so I hope this
fuckin flops
we're damned I'll throw him off to kill
something
mm-hmm kill it faster and more efficient
than the predator that was supposed to
supposed to be your cue to roll the
credits oh and kill it faster and more
efficient than the predator
those are q2 roll the credits
oh so word of mouth will kill it faster
and more efficient than the predator oh
I didn't do it again
