Nov 13, 2018
The Haunting of Hill House and Overlord
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDM0k_EZ8SU
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1062345268836876289
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156019669537634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-haunting-of-hill-house-and-overlord

Half in the bag.
Did you know, if you stretched out all the video tape in the world in one continuous line, it would reach the Andromeda galaxy.
And that's just Jerry Maguire!
Did you hear the big news, Mike?
No, what's the big news, Jay?
they're making a TV series based on my
favorite Star Wars character Cassie and
and or who isn't that han Solo and Hoth
gear this is Cassie and Endor and what
movie is that from Star Wars which part
the part when they're on the Death Star
yes the part where they're on Tatooine
yes who what is that what is that I mean
I know it's an action figure but who is
that it's Cassie and and or whoo I can't
wait for more Star Wars adventures with
casseon Endor Cassie an end or maybe
he'll go to Endor that's how he got his
last name oh there you go that's like
the only thing you can draw up on yeah
his name sounds like Endor
maybe he came from Endor he grew up with
Ewoks he was raised by a ox in the woods
so it became such a good like like
underground fighter and then he died who
what why didn't they make a movie with
jyn erso that's true why they have to
make a TV series about the white guy
Hispanic Jay oh I think I'm conversely
think I've confused you with a different
character from rogue one really I think
so okay buddy yeah that's one of you
should mention this because this is this
this little toy we have here at our
lightning-fast VCR repair shop and
whenever anybody comes by you know a Jim
and Colin or our friend rich Evans yes
special guests who may have stopped by I
say name the character and he's got a
blank stare nobody remembers nobody
remembers what a great thing to base TV
show on I think he started at the top of
the rogue one casts with like Felicity
Jones and they said do you want a TV
show she's like I'm busy on other
projects yeah I just went down the list
and then he was the only one there's
like yeah I'm previous Donnie Yen
I think they make a little soft for when
like bearded fat guy shove this up their
ass it's easier for the doctors to get
out okay that make sense
oh okay I see him well you can't spell
casseon without you know well J let's
get let's get to what we're what we're
here for today looking stupid can we
stop talking about Star Wars now we have
a Boba Fett show coming out and a
casting and or show I think they're
moving away from movies which which
we'll talk about today there they're
moving into streaming services which
have been very successful outside of
Netflix remember CBS all access who's
the other one who's the community one
that was a they started a stream Yahoo
was it the Yahoo streaming service what
ahead
well I guess since we're talking about
streaming we'll talk about our first
movie TV show whatever it's a hybrid now
the haunting of Hill House oh no that
was perfectly timed now I want you two
to get good rest
Netflix presents the haunting of Hill
House a short run TV series based on the
1959 gothic horror novel of the same
name
hey why are Mike and Jay talking about a
TV show why aren't they talking about
the TV show that I wanted them to talk
about why are they talking about this TV
show talk about the movie that I want
them to talk about why are you talking
about this talk about something else
talk about the thing that I want you to
talk about here's a tweet talk about the
fucking Freddie Mercury movie here's
another tweet talk about Westworld
here's another tweet talk about a thing
that I want you to talk about anyway
wait is this a TV show or just a really
really really long movie who cares
eat my ass so Jay you watched the
haunting of Hill House and I'm surprised
you watch that why would you be
surprised I like like spooky ghosts
atmospheric stuff you seem to be sort of
is that you seem to be more of that I
like watching people get ripped apart by
cannibals and and skull-fuck that's not
true yeah I mean I do enjoy that stuff
but I like a classy old-fashioned ghost
story too and it's told really well okay
yeah well and I'm a big fan of the
director of this mic Lanigan directed my
favorite movie of last year which was
Gerald's game also for Netflix he
directed oculus to ocular price is a
good he's he just keeps making stuff I
feel like he's got two things coming out
of here he's doing another Stephen King
adaptation next year the semi sequel to
The Shining dr. sleep which apparently
is about growing up Danny Torrance
hunting vampires good luck making that
work but let's talk about a ghost show
that we both watched the haunting of
Hill House okay a ston the 1959 gothic
horror novel by Shirley Jackson Shirley
Jackson which I've never read this novel
was adapted into the haunting the movie
and then the remake yeah well that was
the remake
well the Liam Neeson when I watch the
trailer for it knows I saw that in the
theater it was like awful oh yeah he's
like he's like I'm having a bunch of
people come to this haunted house for a
sleep study about paranormal yeah
and it was lots of like CGI effects yes
like late 90s effects and it's like this
isn't scary
[Music]
you know what jail I don't really want
to talk about this too much okay because
I don't want to spoil anything oh sure I
mean I know we say spoilers and we say
you know move to this timecode or
whatever it's harder when you're talking
about something that's like eight hours
long yeah because after watching this I
felt like I had just read a very long
novel yeah this you get that feeling of
like like cozying up under a blanket
sitting by a fire reading a book but
yeah the the you know cinematic version
of that yeah and it's interesting I know
there have been long-form TV shows you
know like ten episodes and but this
really feels like kind of like a change
of course and entertainment a little bit
because the reason why a feature film is
two hours is because that was roughly
the amount of time that they figured
someone would sit in a theater for we're
having to go to the bathroom sure and
now it's just the standard I mean early
films like shorts and you know whatever
we're super short but then once they say
they used to be just you would go in and
sit and watch for a while many leave and
you'd see maybe two or three shorts or
whatever yeah it was different but then
once they're like the feature film you
know people want to come in and they
want to watch a movie and so they watch
it for two hours three hours is too long
and hours too short two hours is just
right that's how long you can sit there
and watch a movie for but now
everything's different I can't imagine
someone trying to tell the story in a
feature-length film format yeah
condense all this down all these
characters to two hours right and that's
there's the other Netflix series called
maniac with Jonah Hill and Emma Stone
and that's the same thing where it
doesn't feel like a season of a TV show
because it's not left open-ended and I
think people are getting tired of you
know now that we're having more options
available stuff like this because I
think about like The Walking Dead's like
the first season The Walking Dead was
great and then you're like oh this is
just gonna keep going and no one's gonna
grow and no one's gonna change and
there's gonna be no conclusion character
might get killed off here and there but
you watch the hunting of Hill House
there maniac and it's like you feel like
you've watched a completed story yeah
but you've watched one that has enough
time to really I mean every episode
focuses on a different character this is
this family this
a fractured family really gives
everybody enough time to flush them all
out and really like make you understand
them and care more about what's
happening well and that's another thing
the old model of television it's like
it's like a merging of the two
because you like your reference Walking
Dead a TV show that's on broadcast
television the purpose of it is to have
five ad breaks yes and the purpose of it
is to go as long as humanly possible
until you have to end it right so that
you can have until they're not making
enough money where it's worth it and
then the show's done or until you hit a
hundred episodes and it could go into
syndication yeah um so you have a show
and so okay let's do another season
let's do another season let's do another
season and and you're not like you got a
concept and you move forward with the
concept when you have something like the
haunting of Hill House it's a solidified
story you're done with it and sure
things make money on streaming services
people sign up to watch it something
like orange is a new black is an example
it's something that's based on a book
and then it's like man we're done with
the book okay keep going keep going
because people like it yeah
that's fine but yeah you have like a
sitcom or just a long-running series
like you know Star Trek or whatever
Lanoue adventures every week and the
point was to sell ad revenue yeah to
sell advertisements you don't really
sell advertisements on Netflix no an
emphasis kryb to a service to watch
programs so right if Netflix makes a
hunting a pill house and they're done
with it I say that's great what else you
got what else you makin yeah this other
thing and I'll stand they've definitely
become my opinion keeps going back and
forth on Netflix cuz a couple years ago
I feel like we were talking about how
they've been doing all these original
movies and they're all like fantastic
and sometimes higher and quality and
execution and theatrical movies but then
very quickly it became oversaturation
became quantity over quality but then
you still have something like this you
know where it's it's really well done so
it's just it's a mixed bag but I think
it is just sort of yeah like to have as
many options as possible there of things
to watch you get new subscribers all the
time and if they're gonna leave the
filmmakers alone
and let him basically do what they want
and give them decent enough budgets I
mean this and maniac both feel it's more
cinematic that a lot of movies that are
in theaters as a couple kind of
questionable CG moments but for the most
part I mean like the the storytelling is
ambitious the the attention to detail
and you know I mean it doesn't you would
not be able to see something like this
I'm like a because there was a 90s there
was a lot of like the the miniseries
there's a lot of Stephen King the stand
which I would love to see Netflix do a
new version of that not that it could be
done properly because the old TV version
of the stand sucks
oh but things like that whereas like you
have the occasional miniseries and I was
always like cheap and bad and had five
hundred and breaks do they make a
mistake with it doing two feature films
maybe I mean that you could have done
that as a Netflix series and just yeah
the book is 40,000 pages long it's so
intricate yeah you could you could
probably make a 10 episode season from
the first half of that book yeah you
know and that's the thing it's like if
people are watching and people are
subscribing to Netflix and if it's good
I mean that's you have those break out
like stranger things it's the reason
that caught on because it felt like
fresh and different ship the bed in the
second season but it was super popular
and now this is kind of broken through
that same way
did you wake us up dream like that oh
yeah I think I read that they were gonna
try to do a season two and see that
that's when you have you start to come
in with contradictions and problems and
it's like season two is gonna be a whole
new cast based on a whole nother story
it's not gonna be the house that's what
you think what is that the house is so
intricate to this specific story right
it's like American Horror Story is an
anthology show and each season they have
the same actors what they're all playing
different roles and yeah
you know and but that's under the
umbrella of a generic title American
Horror Story so you can really go
anywhere but this it's like no I know
it's popular and I know it's the
temptation is there yeah because but
just leave it alone
go find another book yeah I mean you
can't really it's called the haunting of
Hill House if you were to do more it
would have to be related to that house
but that house is like metaphor would
the season I can't do another show based
on it yeah the show movie whatever you
want to call it itself is lengthy it
kind of reminded me of the Six Feet
Under
mmm meets this is us it's very
character-driven there's a very dramatic
it's more of a character drama with like
supernatural elements sprinkled
throughout I think it Peaks around
Episode five and six and then after that
then not quite is strong and then I
think the message or theme of it gets a
little muddled in the final episode I
mean there's miss mystery elements to it
and there's reveals along the way but
the characters are all I mean that's
where this it's centered and and it was
in episode 6 that's the long take that's
that yeah yes three or four really long
takes every shot was the product of a
hundred people standing on each other's
shoulders and having to execute dozens
or hundreds of tasks all this stuff
happening in one shot and very that
seems to be a thing lately like
the fucking Overlord movie had a
extended long take shot and saving time
I guess
Jurassic world fallen Kingdom had one
and the Halloween movie had it's like a
new trend I guess but this one it's so
intricate sand it's so like the camera
just keeps moving and there's parts when
they swap out the adult actors with the
child actors for just like one quick
shot and then it comes back around and
they're gone and I'm just thinking about
like having to wrangle all these little
kids and that's they built the set
specifically for that because it's like
they're in the funeral home and then the
dad walks down the hallway and next
thing you know he's in Hill House spooky
stuff I guess
Hidden ghosts hidden ghosts which I
honestly I started seeing that pop up
people saying like there's hidden ghosts
and I was like I don't give a crap I
loved it
it's it's it's kind of like it's like
begging for clickbait articles click
here to see all the hidden ghosts like
it doesn't affect the story I was
unaware of I was unaware of clickbait
articles I just noticed like you see a
face like looking through the window
it's the cameras panning by it adds a
little bit of amistad it adds a little
depth to the house because you know
without like jump scares or low look at
this huh
you just know that the house is just
filled with ghosts yeah and and they're
not a rich history to the house and I
jumping out but there's some that are
fainter than others in the distance is
it one shot where they're like I think I
think it's in the long take episode
where they're panning and you see the
two 1920s ghosts and they're just kind
of there and then they're not there and
that's the stuff that I find creepy is
is like it was stillness when there's
just someone just standing there or like
there's a ghost that the the little boy
sees it's got a cane oh yeah yeah buddy
but his feet don't touch the ground and
he's just floating and just goes on it's
like dead silent there's no music the
the purpose of it is not the jump scares
or spooky imagery it's really that that
stuff is the icing on the cake the real
stuff is is the family and listen to the
characters yeah and so that's refreshing
it's a yeah the kind of classic sort of
ghost story or it's not
about like freaking you out or being
super scary it's just this general like
kind of tone of like melancholy and just
being just this haunting because it's
about this family that's basically it
kind of reminded me of the Royal
Tenenbaums just less quirky about this
family that sort of split apart and then
having to come back together I said this
is us every watch this is us is that the
show where everybody's sad all the time
[Music]
great job Mike Flanagan you did it
oculus that was pretty good he's good
with actors he always picks really good
actors everybody the only person I
didn't like in this was the Henry Thomas
no Henry Thomas was fine it was weird
though because he's married to carla
Gugino in this it was also really good
and they were both in Gerald's game but
in Gerald's game he plays her father in
flashbacks and he's like sexually
abusive towards her hmm and so then
they're like married in this is a good
but no the one I didn't really like was
the oldest son when they were children
he came across like like sitcom actor
kid everybody else was so like natural
and good he stuck out to me oh not that
I want to shit on a little kid actor but
he was he was what stuck out to me but
all of them as adults were really great
the two oldest sister's the one that
works in the morgue and the one that has
like psychic abilities broke yeah it's
rogue just wear gloves Jelena Jolie
rogue what didn't you like about Henry
Thomas I don't know it was weird to have
that character played by two actors
because once he get to be like 40-ish
you don't look that different
yeah they got what's his name uh
Timothy Hutton and they look very
similar but it was still a little jar
eyes but yeah the age difference wasn't
too dramatic yeah he needed you needed
like I mean they had the kids were like
four and eight and yeah he needed to be
like third ye and I think Henry Thomas
is like 50 probably somewhere around
maybe it was what 14 13 and et it's
probably 50/50 50/50 son was in it he
was one of the hidden ghosts that was
Tupac too soon Tupac and Biggie were in
the background oh okay they want to have
a rap battle at the haunted house and
the guy they got but got shot there
maybe this will be what the second
season is about it's a whole cover-up
thing
okay theory that was written in 1959
Jackson a rapper
rapping artist one who uses his words in
Shirley Jackson is like the pop-culture
Nostradamus she invented rap oh okay he
uses what lingo along with beats phat
beats in the ghost house his name is
Tupac Shakur and his fat mouth rival Oh
Big E they rap didn't so they could
rapper no more and the housetops
[Music]
we're not like any other family we're
different
because of where we grew up would you
would you recommend the sannin of Hill
House absolutely yeah I just want to say
my place
I was happy that a story like this ended
like that and and you know I spoilers
[Music]
something that doesn't end with oh yeah
how star shaking in the floor rips apart
ly ending of like was a conjuring to
everything where there's that temptation
no it's it's all character-driven which
I like I guess since we're in spoilers I
can mention it now it turns out that
like there's that one locked room and
that turns out to be like a different
room for everybody it's very like
metaphorical but then it turns out that
like the house is sort of you're you're
you live on in that house your spirit
lives on your memory lives on which
seems like I don't know it seems like
leading up to that it's all about people
sort of letting go of their grief and
their tragedy and their their ill
feelings towards each other but a lot of
their grief also stems from being in
that house it did is like it did but now
it's all it's all ended yeah and it's
all tied up and now they can move on you
know so I mean what ghost stories like
this and with a happy ending yeah where
it's not just in the house one in the
end to come back refreshing Netflix
remake the stand I want to see a good
version of the stands not that shitty
made-for-tv one from the 90s I've got a
whole pile of books for you to make
Netflix don't make Adam Sandler movies
anymore although there's a market for
that apparently that's that's why they
do it
so Netflix is like is is there an
audience for this specific thing boom
consumer choice more choices for the
audience to watch products and our our
the next choice that we made to watch
was a little film called overlord
BAM it's over Lord from director Julius
Avery a director of one other movie
comes the most tastefully done film
about Nazi Zombies ever made a group of
soldiers drop into France ahead of d-day
to take out a radio jamming tower and
discover something terrible
Nazis are creating super soldier zombies
hot damn look out Mike what did you
think of overlord yeah you know why I
didn't even see a trailer for it I was
vaguely familiar but you see you said
there's a movie coming out and I said
okay well I think at one point it was
supposed to be a related to the
Cloverfield universe I thought that was
what they were saying back when
Cloverfield paradox was coming out it's
like this is coming out and then later
this year there's another Cloverfield
World War two a movie and then everybody
hated Cloverfield paradox so they're
like maybe we should drop this this
Cloverfield clover fields experiment has
been a horrible failure let's just stop
yes friend ranting random movie so the
cover field
title yeah it's embarrassing it's but
it's but it's bad robot the same company
that did those yeah and I think that's
kind of their because I think this is
their first r-rated movie but I think
that's their model is like give these
filmmakers that don't have a lot behind
him and just have a make a weird little
sci-fi or horror movie and then we'll
just release it I guess like well the
this guy who made this
he made one other movie and then he made
this and now he's attached to direct
Flash Gordon big-budget remake that's
how it goes so but you know great
I loved this movie it's good yeah this
was like I think my favorite movie of
the last decade I'm gonna have to chalk
that up to hyperbole this movie's fine
it's entertaining but it's ultimately a
world war two nazi zombie but well
that's the thing is like yeah you'd
expect you'd expect shock but it was
just really well done it rides that
balance I think we've talked about this
before how it's like when you're doing
something that has a pretty ridiculous
premise you either have to
take it seriously enough where it feels
like a real movie or really embrace the
schlock that's when people make movies
that kind of try and ride that line or
it's like it's kind of serious but then
there's something quippy or someone
acknowledging how ridiculous their
situation yes this never does that
it's just like Saving Private Ryan meets
three animator and they they play it as
straight as a world war two war movie
without zombies would be right they put
all their bets on taking it seriously
and you know what they did a great job
and and the screenplay was like the guy
who wrote the revenant wrote the
screenplay with somebody else really a
bunch of other like movies I mean it's
not like a hack job which was surprising
yeah the characters are solid the
protagonist was great Oh every character
had a well-defined purpose and and
worried me a little in the beginning
because there's a really great opening
where they're flying to France yeah you
know to airdrop in and of course at one
point towards the end they start
everything blows up and I'm you know it
goes badly as every airdrop before d-day
does yeah in movies at least I'm sure
there are ones that just went perfectly
that's not very cinematic though it's
not very we did it jump down everybody
our plane did not get touched by
exploding flak in the sky yeah that
never happens in movies no problems yeah
I'm sure it happened to some company in
World War two somewhere but this one of
course are the planes blowing up but
they set up like all the characters are
talking and I'm the guy with this and I
liked about that before you get into it
what I liked about that scene is the
sound mix on the movie is so like you
can barely hear their dialogue they're
like shouting at each other but there's
like the plane noise and you know
everything going on outside and it just
felt more like natural and real than a
lot of movies do when it comes to that
type of stuff yeah but but I mean I'm
like I was getting that flashback to
that bus scene in that horrible predator
movie oh the guy
this time this character here's my
trades like no because there's the
photographer guy I take the photo but
but it worked it worked so well well it
was well-written it wasn't so on the
nose over time like you know it takes
its time with everything
our hero voice yeah thanks he lands and
then he you got Kurt Russell's son
playing Kurt Russell playing Erskine jr.
that's what I was I so it was so
distracting through the whole movie
because I've seen him in other things
like he was in Ingrid goes West he was
Elizabeth Olsen's boyfriend in that he
was not an episode of black a mirror but
this is the first time I've ever seen
him go full Kurt Russell like if they
you're ever whenever they remake escape
from New York which will do eventually I
guess just get him but yeah like him and
then you you got the Italian guy and you
got Jewish guy and then you got Chloe
the girl from France and her kid brother
and he just wants to play baseball with
the Americans
yeah and just great just great and our
voice our protagonist is just like he's
your guy well they establish at the
beginning and they talk about him he
didn't want to kill a mouse or something
so that of course leads to his kind of
turn later on it's like a screenplay
that's that's formed and it's it's like
a flawless screenplay the only like if
if I were to like have some kind of
criticism is is you know a little bit on
the length the part when voice goes into
he kind of stumbles his way into the the
Nazi oh yeah when he finds their lab
laboratory he dog random dog chases him
so he hides in a truck there's dead
bodies yeah it sort of like he goes from
room to room like sneaking around like a
discovery a little convoluted to get him
to that point is everything well and not
that too but and once he's in there it's
like okay now he's looking at this now
he's looking at this now and then it's
like okay we got it
they're doing an experiment
you know this is going on way too long
let's get get out of there
[Music]
but like all this I think that was maybe
the link that was just because up until
that point it was a pretty straight
World War 2 movie and they didn't really
introduce anything supernatural or weird
yet so it's like give people enough time
to soak this in I was thinking of uh
because when he's stumbling around down
there you see like a severed head with a
spinal cord and it's like talking and I
was having like flashbacks to like Day
of the Dead it was one of those those
scripts that took its time to build up
because they really like once they land
they really don't have many interactions
with with the Nazis with with like
shooting and war stuff you know they
they capture that general or commander
guy and the kind of torture um and it's
so it's almost like it's it's building
up to it and then finally when they get
to the part where they start shooting at
them it's exciting yeah they don't they
don't feel that I guess the opening is
kind of an action scene but it's like a
typical war movie action scene there's
nothing like horrific about it yeah I
feel like a lot of I always think of the
Evil Dead remake the original Evil Dead
like they spend so much time with them
getting to the cabin and getting before
anything like crazy happens and then in
the remake it's like that opening scene
demon lady just so you know this is a
horror movie before we get boring for a
while yeah like yeah just a movie that
seems like it at least respects the
audience enough to know that they'll
waits for the the the craziness to start
yeah but that's the thing is that the
boring stuff wasn't boring to now it was
fine if you didn't have some B's in this
it would still be in well-done action
World War 2 movie
I think part of it too was an effective
ticking clock element which was we got
to blow up the tower by 6:00 a.m. yeah
because the troops are coming in to the
beach and and they're not gonna make it
unless we blow up that tower and so
that's running in the back of your mind
yeah and so they're dealing with all
these problems of their company is
scattered and mostly all dead and
they're trying to hide in this little
French village and they they're
outnumbered so you have like all those
typical like war plot things and then on
top of that and that too like the little
French village it felt very like I don't
know like I don't know if ikonics the
right word but you had little French
village with the the church on the top
of the hill and that's that's where they
have to get to and it just all felt very
like classic movie stuff that all fit
together like a puzzle it felt like a
movie that could have been made 10 20
years ago yes it didn't get it didn't go
off the rails
and go crazy right yeah it stuck to its
plot and it was also refreshing to see
movie that and I don't mean this in a
bad way but had kind of low aspirations
yes as far as what and then like I
didn't you know really recognize anyone
other than Kurt Russell's kid it's all a
bunch of people you don't really know
they've all I'm sure they've all done
other stuff but no big names it just
felt like like this is our story we're
going to tell this we're not gonna have
the huge over-the-top action ending
we're not gonna introduce like to money
too many like be plot lines it's just
boom it's so straightforward it was a
really good action movie like it got
instead of being like overbearing and
noisy and awful it the action will ease
by the exciting and and look at you you
understood their goal it was so clear
cut and you cared about it was a
Rosenberg and tippet
it was the two guys up on the hill and
the Jewish guy and the Italian guy yeah
they were the two that that had to
provide the cover fire yeah while they
were trying to lure Nazis out so that
they could then out the number in the
base so that you know there's
yeah what was this or that Kurt Russell
Jr and voice they needed to blow up the
tower but at the same time you know they
also had to rescue the little boy and
blow up all these bad Nazi Zombies
yes destroy this laboratory so you have
those two characters that are providing
cover fire and they're running around
and I was like oh I care if either of
these two characters die no and I was
like oh that's great
I feel something established stakes and
I just kept thinking back to that
predator movie at the end when it was
just like this just mess it's just
nonsense yeah and I'm like I don't give
a fuck what's going on just end right
movie some scary moments that the one
that one creepy zombie that's attacking
Chloe and in the room when she's by
herself oh yeah weird the weird it was
like hey why jelly yes zombie it's like
kind of like a toxic avenger face didn't
go crazy with the zombies I kept waiting
for that I was like okay we're starting
more grounded and then once we
introduced the zombies oh and we're
gonna get crazy action and more like I
don't know Evil Dead 2 o'clock or
something which I love Evil Dead 2 but
that's a different type of movie they
yeah no they never went too far they had
restrictions on what they could do and
yeah maybe this was a lower budgeted
film because it was intended for Netflix
you said I don't know oh I know that's
that was my thought it was like cuz it's
like a mid budget I want to say it's
like around 30 million or something
which they don't make movies and that
budget range anymore yeah this was it
didn't it didn't get over bloated with
nonsense and they had two locations they
had their base the little like I think
it was a church right yeah and I was
there you know caverns and bricks and
the little underground tunnels and then
they have their little French village
and then the inside of the girl's house
it was great there was a story to
justify where they were and why they
were there yeah they don't you don't
need a lot of locations if you're
actually invested in the story like we
said strategy like
these characters are here they have to
get here to do this and here's their
strategy to do so
oh no there's these zombies on the way
like how much better can you make a nazi
zombie movie than this I don't think you
can I think this is this is this is the
top of the heap you look at the sub sub
sub genre of nazi zombie movies this is
the gold standard this is the gold
standard it's true and you know and it's
unfortunate because it's like I'm sure
people say what's that
Overlord movie about well that's what's
interesting too is just like this random
movie it's not a larger story it's not
connected to anything else it's not
being too heavily marketed like I don't
haven't heard much about it even it's
just like this little movie like head
this came out yeah so I don't know I
hope it does well go go watch overlord
go watch it this is a weird little one
that deserves some support and there's a
lead-in for a sequel oh yeah as opposed
I just saw that as a cute little the war
goes on kind of thing and then we end
with a NAS song for some reason yes that
was cool
I guess that's that's the I don't know
if we've ever talked about this but
that's your your Rage Against the
Machine ending
we could end with this score from the
movie but no you leave him exiting the
theater with a Rage Against the Machine
song playing and everyone's like yeah
you wow I'm in the end yes that's a
that's my that was my avatar experience
two and a half hours of the most
complicated effects driven movie ever
and then it kind of ends and someone
goes oh that sucked because it didn't
end for the Rage Against the Machine
song it's those Marvel credits yeah
you've got to have those end credits you
can't just black with titles unless it's
some depressing drama movie right but
everything's got to end with some kind
of animation yeah and this did some sort
of montage of all the props from the
movie which I thought was cool yeah it
was more subtle than yeah it wasn't just
published blood splatters and yeah it
was like they had flashlights the
military-issue World War two tiny yeah
the opening title to was Overlord and
takes up the entire fucking screen but
had a little copyright of the classic
copyright it started in black and white
yeah I kind of faded into colour and I
think at that first start I was
expecting this to be more of like a like
a Robert Rodriguez like Planet Terror
grindhouse kind of thing right at the
very beginning that's kind of what I was
expecting but then it turns out to be
solid movie there was no female Nazi
dominatrix yes yeah they didn't go
foolish lock-tight fucking script you
don't see that anymore yeah yeah so go
watch overlord and get ready to watch
the Cassie and and or TV show I can't
wait for that alright Mike well let's
get back to work fixing VCRs
