Jul 28, 2018
Half in the Bag: Comic Con 2018 Trailers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dD2UE0tJ66Y
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1023189914798764032
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155786946862634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-comic-con-2018-trailers

Half in the bag.
Fuck Batman.
What?
I was just thinking, we haven't seen a movie in a while.
That's right.
The last thing we did was Jurassic world.
It made $50 billion, ensuring that
there'll be many more sequels to come I
can't wait yeah it's interesting
Deadpool 2 came out we didn't see it it
had a 97% Rotten Tomatoes score and I
was like you know what that's probably
just as good as the first one maybe even
better I bet you that's a really funny
film and then Ant Man and the wasp came
out and that got a very positive Rotten
Tomatoes score as well and I'm sure it
was pretty good I heard it was it was
good so this is this is a new trend what
we're trying to set up here is that
there's this new trends and maybe it's
just us I don't know is this being
cynical perhaps but this idea that it
used to be you would not go see a movie
because the trailer made it look bad
and the new trend is you don't go see a
movie because the trailer makes it look
fine well that's probably pretty good I
feel like I've seen it well that's
that's the perfect example though is is
that Ant Man and the wasp and Deadpool
both had predecessors that were good so
it's not like a movie comes out that has
a really high rating and it looks good
but there's no movie before it ya know
Audient no pre-established audience or
yeah it's like saying I will do you want
to watch Deadpool again yeah Deadpool it
was good there's some sequels I'm
genuinely excited for but then there's
others or it's like Ant Man was fine
Deadpool was pretty good but in both
cases I don't need more right but uh
yeah so because we haven't seen any
movies and have no interest in seeing
movies we're gonna talk about comic-con
trailers yeah cuz we just got back from
comic-con in San Diego
we were there we had a move and
everything so if you missed us you know
so we'll see you next time I guess right
oh yeah we'll be back every year yep
definitely we love going to cons here's
a photo of us at our booth
oh yeah these trailers they they kind of
are a glimpse into what is going on
overall in Hollywood I think yes yes
certain certain studios or franchises so
we're gonna kind of talk about that
stuff I guess yeah it's interesting like
the San Diego comic-con it's just a big
movie advertisement festival it's a way
to funnel a bunch of people into an
auditorium to watch their commercial
I've heard the the San Diego comic-con
described like in comparison to other
conventions I've heard it described like
what's the word nightmare okay and it
was oh yeah it was
I had claustrophobia issues I started
vomiting I fell down a couple times I
got trampled on the way to the the Teen
Titans go trailer or these someone
stepped on my face i shat my pants an
ambulance came but it couldn't get to me
so they just they said forget him he's
gone it was really uncomfortable see you
shit your pants out of fear but most of
the people that are at the convention
they just do it because they're lazy
there's where adult diapers so get out
of there cosplay
right I I didn't have a chance to see
any of the trailers so when I got home I
was like oh my god
nine trailers came out oh there's a
trailer for this a trailer for that it's
almost like oversaturation yes these
trailers like sporadically so that each
one can get the individual attention it
deserves but when there's 12 at one time
I lost track as always discovery season
2 trailer oh my god this came oh my god
isn't and so we sat down we we sat on a
little loveseat together we turned on
all these trailers we turned the lights
down low and we held hands and we watch
them all and jot it down some notes and
we're going to talk about them today for
you our home audience well we should
point out that we showed all these
trailers that were going to discuss to
our friend rich Evans who we'd like to
introduce you to he's never been in any
of our programs no I don't know no but
he's a friend of ours and we showed him
all these trailers so we could gauge his
very enthusiastic reaction to yes so
every now and then we'll be showing you
some of Rich's reactions
to some of the trailers we saw yes
well one of the trailers that that was
premiered at San Diego comic-con was for
the Clone Wars
do you remember Star Wars I do sort of
it's weird this this is this trailer and
then the two DC movie trailers I kind of
like lump them together in that their
franchises that everybody's kind of done
with everybody's sick of them they've
been turned off by them so now to
release trailers like it I can't imagine
anyone being hyped anymore the only
people are still hyped for these
franchises or like weirdos so I don't
know anything about Clone Wars I never
watched the cartoon but it looks like
they're bringing that character back
that's Juba they're bringing her back
she that's the I forget the character's
name she has got the tentacles on her
head but I think this is did it say
season 7 I don't know I don't think I
feel like the show kind of went away for
a while and other great did it went away
and then they they had a show called
Star Wars rebels I think yeah Lucasfilm
is in full-on how can we salvage this
disaster you've got more of more
favorite characters yeah as opposed to
rebels which I don't know who was in
that there was a bunch of weirdos but
you got favorite characters you know
yeah you're Darth Vader
you're Yoda you're obi-wan Kenobi you're
Emperor Palpatine
I wonder who if this is a revival I
wonder if they'll have the same guy do
the voice run for Emperor Palpatine
maybe he's busy maybe he's busy they
should they should maybe look into
getting someone new to do it well I saw
a graphic on the internet of six Star
Wars related things like coming out in
2019 and I was what is this fake well it
seems to be and I don't know what's
going on in the world anymore I'm
elderly I feel like they're gonna scale
it back now after less Jedi and then
especially after solo flob why what's
wrong with the last Jetta you hate women
absolutely but that movie was obviously
very divisive because of that nobody
went to see solo you think that was a
direct result wow this is shocking
opinion I think it's related I'm not
saying it's completely it I think people
just don't care about solo and that's a
big problem like that movie specifically
but I there's definitely
a low point in interest for Star Wars
but they just seem to have like no plan
and they're just throwing everything out
there like Ryan Johnson's gonna get a
trilogy even though that probably won't
happen now but that and then Jon Favreau
is getting a TV show or another channel
yeah that was one of the things that was
on there yeah
just like all these things that they
just keep throwing out you know it's a
good analogy white trash winning the
lottery here white trash here's a
hundred million dollars oh gee whiz I'm
gonna buy a mansion and a car and we're
gonna I'm gonna buy a mansion I'm gonna
give us a hundred ten million dollars to
my brother Cletus I'm gonna buy this oh
oh oh you have to pay taxes on that oh
you you can't do that because you have
to maintain upkeep on on owning fifteen
horses and that costs you know 100 grand
a year for ah went bankrupt yeah you
know what I mean where that that level
of success was just dumped in the lap of
somebody kind of like with Marvel they
start with Iron Man yeah a little tease
for The Avengers at the end of that but
if they never went any further than that
movie it just works as a little t-shirt
sure but fine you they built up their
empire with Star Wars they just no pun
intended George Lucas George Lucas got a
check for four billion dollars and he
said here have fun now he's a smart man
he knows when to make his decisions he
knew when to when to say hey let me have
those toy rights but just give me the
toy rights he knows when to make his
move and he knew like you guys take this
it's done he saw the writing on the wall
for all the heat George Lucas takes he
is a smart smart man who knows when to
move his pieces on the chessboard and he
threw a grenade in their lap
but yeah not his fault that they they
took it and just immediately
oversaturated it well it's again my
analogy is you have this property that
you're drooling yeah you're literally
drooling like of all the things we can
do with this
how much parts like someone who you know
it lives in a trailer park and is handed
a hundred million dollars that person
doesn't go well I've been investor for
the next ten years I'm just gonna buy a
night I'm gonna buy like a Prius and
move into a one-bedroom condo and then
I'm gonna take my money and you know
they don't think that way
that's what that's what Disney did yeah
I'm known for my analogies Jay I'm
famous for my analogies remember they
take more screenshots of this you
fuckers anyways let's move on okay I
don't want to talk about Star Wars all
day we have to talk about the rest of
these boring ass trailers well let's
talk about another franchise that people
are sick of which is the DC Cinematic
Universe we have two trailers for movies
and one trailer for a TV show I don't
think any of them are connected to
anything it seems like DC is kind of
like stepping back from the whole
Cinematic Universe thing because it's
been a horrible failure
listen to come aboard first trailer was
Aquaman
everybody's favorite superhero it's so
weird that they're still like like I can
see them after like Justice League I
think this is probably already in
production which is part of the problem
but cuz I can see them after Justice
League being like alright let's just
stop let's make some standalone movies
but they won't be connected at all but
we still have Jason Momoa playing
Aquaman my father was a lighthouse
keeper
my mother was Queen when I first heard
the voiceover commitment from Jason
Momoa I was like this doesn't sound that
great it sounds kind of like like a it
sounded like a b-movie like a red like
as acting or exactly exacting isn't the
greatest you know he does fine but then
I saw the trailer I was like it looks
like it could very well be the most
expensive movie ever made which kind of
surprised me that they're still dumping
so much money into these things I mean
it looked like avatar to a lot of it was
reminiscent of the underwater Gungan
cities from the Phantom Menace but they
had like people riding sharks and like
laser blasts going off and it made it
looked like very very complex yeah and
the effects didn't look super cheap
either no and that was like I was like
okay it looked more intricate and more
grandeur and scope than the Justice
League film was yes those are putting
all your eggs in this basket
that's a discus
another interesting note is that James
Wan is directing he's the head of the
conjuring Cinematic Universe there's a
lot of horror stuff but he's directing
this and I mean when I say directing I'm
gonna put it in quotation marks because
I'm gonna assume it's it's similar to
Spielberg directing ready player one
where James Wan comes on sentences pets
Jason Momoa on the back says look the
scene you're wet and you say he's in
front of a green screen get him they
went thattaway
and then he turns the the half day of
filming over 2000 visual effects artists
the VFX like supervisor like directs the
scene and the james wan goes out and has
a cigarette that reminds me I finally
watched ready player one and I remember
you you talking about that how it feels
like Spielberg shot for like two days
and I'm watching the movie and I'm like
those cute I guess but visually it's way
too busy and then there was a certain
part of the movie you were I was like I
kind of like this stuff and then I
realized it was because it was real it's
when he meets up with all of his
character friends in the real worlds and
they're like getting chased in a van
it's like this feels like a Spielberg
movie though because this is actually
real this is a Spielberg part because
this is a part that he actually shot
yeah but yeah similar to the the Aquaman
movie where it's just like it might as
well be an animated film the war is
coming to the surface
and I'm bringing the wrath of the seven
seas with me Mike how about that plot
brother is evil and wants to take over
the world
acha bad you have to stop them so Loki
comes it's not Loki Mike Aquaman's this
is a completely different character
different story
who's coming in what's your part for
Aquaman we got this whole society that
lives under the ocean and then a bad guy
what's that bad guy want to do something
clever something interesting no control
the world he wants to take over the
upside it's like it's like The Little
Mermaid where were told Mermaid was just
she had legs mm-hmm Aquaman wishes
oh he has legs he's fine he's normal are
you saying people with a lower half
that's a fish or at normal Jay okay hey
Aquaman what's interesting though is
that trailer as like as recording this I
think it is like 27 million views or
something like it's got a ton of views
but the next trailer we're gonna talk
about Shazam which looks like a far more
entertaining movie has like less than
half of that I'm hoping Shazam as a
sleeper hit I'm hoping so too because
it's well it looks dumb I'm gonna say
that it looks
entertainingly dumb it reminds me of
like a 90s movie yeah where they have
like just the stupidest premise but
they're like yeah whatever and they just
kind of have fun with it like it looks
like that I think the reason being for
this this discrepancy obviously is your
DC fans I think for the most part will
probably say Aquaman looks fucking
badass because Jason Momoa looks like a
wrestler and he's all tatted up and
there's a lot of talking about the the
release the Snyder cut type weirdos yes
yes they're weirdos you say well look at
the look at how I'll come out originally
look like you're like nobody's badass
now he looks like fucking Dogma that you
see that Shazam suit and it looks like
comical yes and
that's the the DC fans don't work in
that like creative witty fun kind of
like mindset yeah I mean I'm speaking in
generalizations but that's just my
opinion
that's more of a Marvel type type movie
so yeah I can see why it has a disparity
of views and that white wouldn't appeal
to DC fans okay
Shazam he said the thing he said the
thing
maybe it'll cross over maybe it'll
appeal to a general audience well that's
what DC needs to do clearly I think
that's what they're trying to do now
tell us more about Shazam
well it's directed by her friend David
enough Sandberg oh yeah we've shit on
his movies before I like him though as a
person he seems like he has a YouTube
channel he makes like horror shorts and
they're entertaining yeah behind the
scenes thing seems like a good guy he
seems like a very nice guy good sense of
humor about stuff and and we had a bit
of a controversy back with Annabel
creation yes with him in a contest
what was it with him it was with the
studio yeah but he was promoting it he
didn't know you know you can't fault him
right he's like you got to do this you
got to do that for your movie and he's
probably okay okay sure yeah so it's not
his fault really were just gonna say
that because I think he got a little bit
of backlash about that it's clear
clearly the villain at the center of
this story is the lawyer who wrote that
contract for Warner Brothers pictures
not David F Sandberg leave the guy alone
yeah he didn't make the contest but yeah
he lights out I think was a pretty good
movie that was okay we didn't like
Annabel creation and then I don't know
why they picked it like horror guy to do
this like this Sandberg it might be a
case of like and this is a growing trend
too which is where he take a director
who's made like a smaller budget movie
and they've shown that they're competent
so then you scoop them up and
immediately give them a two hundred
million dollar movie because one they're
not a big enough name established
director where they're gonna cause any
make any waves cause any problems
they're gonna do what you say but
they're clearly
competent enough to put a movie together
as they've shown with their little no
budget thing yeah it's like you're
you're Colin Trevorrow doing Jurassic
worlds and there's tons of examples
yeah I'm sure David F Sandberg is is the
guy you get when you say here's your
script you know follow it by the numbers
make it make it you know we don't have
to pay you
Spielberg salary yeah it's just a job
and it looks like from the trailer he's
done it well it looks like some fun
movie it looks silly which is like I'll
take it at this point I'll take it yeah
out of all the trailers that we've
watched it's the one I'm the most
interested in to be honest because
everything else oh god another like this
and other that and that's like Sam oh
that looks like fun is the average kid
gets powers from space yeah it doesn't
it doesn't feel like every like like
Aquaman I keep comparing it to a Marvel
movie because it just feels like an
attempt to make it Marvel movie and the
Shazam movie feels at least like it has
a little bit of a unique kind of rattle
to it with the idea that he's actually a
little kid like yeah it's completely
silly yeah and and it's refreshing to
see the goofy costume yes where it's not
you know the the DC like they they knew
Shazam was a silly thing and they
they're not going to make dark muted
colors Shazam Shazam no one would take
it seriously people would laugh at it
much like another trailer we're going to
talk about
but let's let's transition into the
polar opposite of shazam which is the
laughingstock of the internet right now
the Titans trail yes so just not for a
movie is for Siri series this is like I
mean clearly with Aquaman and the Shazam
movie it's DC being like all right we
got to lighten things up people didn't
like dark gritty bullshit we fucked
ourself with Justice League by trying to
take a dark gritty movie and making it
not that in you know reshoots and stuff
but I guess they still haven't learned
what it looks cheap it feels like a fan
film I mean like okay I sat down yeah I
was like what is Titans because I'm
elderly I'm like what I like is that
Teen Titans go is that that cartoon show
Beast Boy and and currently popular
cartoon series yeah I was like what and
then I watch it and then you said it
looks like a fan film halfway through I
was like is this a movie or this looks
like a TV show and then it was like a
new series Oh TV show okay that makes
sense
it looks like the quality of a TV show
but yeah well it's weird because like up
until now the DC movies have been like
super grim dark you know edgy
and the DC related TV series have been
better received like there's the flash
TV show and I know they have a couple
other ones and those I guess I've never
watched any of them but I guess those
are a little more like light-hearted and
fun and so now they're just doing the
inverse of that or they're trying to
make the movies fun and the TV show dark
why maybe they're just throwing whatever
at the wall to see what sticks like
movies in the theaters are dark and
gritty and maybe they think oh that
would work better for TV well that would
be a lesson they learned from Marvel
then because the the Marvel Netflix TV
shows like the your Jessica Jones and
Luke Cage those are darker and the
theatrical movies are a little more
lighthearted for the most part they're
following suit and that makes sense
because the titan TV shows dark and
gritty and then you got your Sam yeah I
think Shazam is there is there a Dark
Horse is there their secret weapon
yeah because they got David F Sandberg
and then they got bunch of unknown
actors it looks fairly low-budget they
probably spent 12 million on it maybe
they're they're putting all their money
on this one bet yeah come on in that
roulette wheel if it fails we didn't
spend a lot on us but if it's a big hit
if it's like like like everyone thinks
it's hilarious and everyone goes then
they've recoup tall her losses for the
Justice League movie for every other
film all on Shazam yeah that David
Samberg gets crowned king of the world
by James Cameron
you saved the fucking company oh the
kids are all gonna want to see this it's
not like they're making entertainment
anymore
it's just placing bets fucking roulette
table
home run D seen it home run
well speaking of tonal shifts let's talk
about the season 2 trailer for Star Trek
discovery the secret made of spacing
time to receive it pike Spock
there's that or dredging them up yeah
this opens with nonsensical lines those
those those classy nonsensical weighty
lines the universe police filled with
secrets
something blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah I have no idea what you're
talking about
cut to Christopher Pike remember me
remember Spock and then it's here's your
premise so then they say seven glowing
red lights and galaxy means something
Spock somehow they're connected Spock
and then
what cue lenny kravitz music just shots
of things is happening a bunch of action
so you really don't get a good sense of
what's gonna happen but there is a
notable insertion of more levity excuse
me excuse me
okay well I was gonna say there's like a
tag at the end after they said show the
the logo yeah with them all like in an
elevator and for a second I thought I
was watching an ad for the Orval it's
like is this the order it's a Star Trek
right some of the creature sneezes on
somebody yeah it's like an awkward thing
in an elevator yeah throughout the the
show like they had some bit where the
there were two like female Helms in
there like come on ladies get it
together they're like oh sorry and then
the one girl
Tillie yells science science is great
bitches she yells OH what is she I wrote
it down oh I think she yelled fuck
Batman
she yells oh I didn't write it down you
know it's like it's like the first
season went through one through the
ringer
they went through the ringer of market
research fans said it's a little too
dark tough stuff a little too seriously
fans like the Orville war let's have a
scene image don't we make Star Trek more
like the Orville or a show that is
ripping off Star Trek yeah so let's have
a creature in an elevator its knees in
fart and let's have a couple of funny
lines yeah lighten it up with the music
so it's okay we're doing the Star Trek
thing
remember those weighty lines in the
beginning space is a place of dark
secrets and mysteries I want to get away
science is awesome you fuckers we're
fine more serious yeah well it's gonna
be fine it's serious why are pop songs
such a part of the Star Trek universe
now because times have changed my friend
yes
they ever just explore anything
look we got Godzilla king of the
monsters this is a life-size prop of
Godzilla look what is the scale ratio to
that like how big is a human compared to
this no you know when you buy a model
kit oh yeah this is one to one oh they
just used trick photography to make
I I don't like the color palette of this
film but I think the movie itself looks
good I like Michael Dougherty the
director of it he didn't he did a half
in the bag favorite Krampus Graff years
ago Krampus is great I love
trick-or-treat the movie did before that
doesn't one actually has some monsters
in it unlike the last Godzilla movie or
Godzilla was in it for five seconds on a
TV screen I want to see it for Bryan
Cranston again they got rid of him
immediately got stepped on him yeah by
Godzilla now J let's talk about cannon
and universes so we had Godzilla well
let's take it back a little I mean we
you know you had your Shoji Tabuchi
Godzilla's from way back in the day yes
is that what they're called shoujo Toho
showed you Tabuchi Godzilla's yes from
back in the day there's somewhat
recently there was Shin Godzilla but
that's a-ok that's that's not an
American okay but then so then you have
godzilla with bryan cranston yes and
then now we have godzilla king of
monsters which is not a sequel to the
bryan cranston one it is technically i
don't think it's gonna have much of a
connection to it but it is supposed to
be in the same sort of timeline as that
okay which is also in the same universe
as Kong Skull Islands okay which is why
they made Kong so much bigger in that
movie than he's ever been in any other
iteration because they need to make him
large enough to fight Godzilla and the
eventual team up movie because that's
how movies exist now yes because there
is a movie coming up called Godzilla vs.
King Kong well they won't be called that
but whatever it's called yeah it's a by
Adam Wingard yes and so that's in that
universe yes
okay okay I'm following my question is
is if this Godzilla king of the monsters
tanks
how will that affect Godzilla vs. Kong
well it'll be a DC situation where that
movies already in production so you
can't can't slow the train down now yeah
and that's something I will
I'm just mentioned real quick I am NOT a
huge Godzilla person it's just something
that doesn't entirely interest me yeah
my interest in this one is more based on
the director than any sort of attachment
to the Godzilla franchise okay mostly
kay he's got to get this out of the way
so we can finally make trick-or-treat -
he's been talking about that shit for
like a decade get to it god damn it
don't through these big cash grab movies
do a little bunch of movie that won't
make any money
do it for Jay why won't anyone think of
me let us sell out make trick-or-treat -
for Jay I'll do a Kickstarter for a
hundred and fifty dollars come on now
our last film is called glass this is
the headline if the movies bad the
headlines already write themselves just
take out the G in this movie take out
the G in the L this movie's ass no no no
J this movie will do well and the
headlines will be glass shatters
box-office records are young they're
already printed listen the movie already
came out it was okay I specialize in
those individuals who believe they are
superheroes no I I mean this is unless
they I can't really see this movie just
like flopping it's got such a great
foundation already unbreakable and split
yes it's weird it's a concept which is
fascinating to me cuz it's so different
unbreakable right interesting concept
Wow pasta one of my favorite M night
Shyamalan movies yeah Mila a realistic
take on superheroes right and then 40
years go by and then he comes out with a
movie called split and M night jumble M
is known for his twist endings and his
last eight films were crap with the
exception of escaped elderly insane
asylum patients posing as someone's
grandparents which was mildly
interesting now I did feature scene
where an elderly man shoves his used
diaper into a kid's face there are some
fun moments that was like an
exploitation film oh yeah it was it was
goofy uh but then split comes out you're
like okay split personality I get it
James
professor X is is a great actor and he
does great voices and you know I can do
these great characters and he's always
got split personalities gonna be scary
and then oh my god it's in the Bruce
Willis unbreakable universe yeah well
even before that cuz that's not
literally a twist of the story that's
just like a tag at the end but even
before that you go into the movie like
oh he's got split personalities he's
gonna be creepy and weird but then you
realize like depending on what
personality he's in he can like
physically change the body like it gets
really bizarre and that's that's
acceptable in the logic of like a horror
movie yeah that was okay with that but
the twist really but then but then Bruce
Willis shows up at the end and if you
went in not knowing that was going to
happen it's like holy fuck like
Shyamalan actually pulled something
interesting off again he pulled the
twist off again
yeah which was unexpected ironically
alright then this this trailer is like
okay they got Sam Jackson back they got
Bruce Willis James mmm-hmm
I wants a Mangold but but that's a
direct that is a director I want to say
maraschino as in the cherry too much
grease glass of grease Godzilla sure
James McAvoy you did it you did it
uh he's in there too and then you have
Sarah Paulsen's in and she's the the
like a therapist and she's like I
specialize in fucking weirdos who think
they're superheroes now so it has the
danger like obviously like it's tells
you what's going to happen in the film
glass recruits James Mary you just said
it McAvoy James McAvoy as as his villain
like the villains team up with Bruce
Willis got to stop him because he's a
Superman character after all being
suppressed by the fact that they're
apparently in some sort of Institute yes
kind of interesting sorta is a potential
of kind of getting conventional in terms
of plotting but well the nice thing is
based on that trailer I'm not exactly
sure what the plot is like you know that
that Sam Jackson and James McAvoy are
gonna team up but he's
have a bad-guy plan yeah pursue but but
I mean knowing sham lon like now these
kind of having a little Renaissance and
actually surprising people and making
decent movies again like who knows maybe
I'll go in a different weird directions
yeah yeah but maybe he'll bring in bring
in the elderly couple the end of the
movie will be the elderly man showing up
and just shoving diapers and everybody
that's his super villain power they call
him the fecal later and unlike the
Godzilla trailer I liked the color
palette of this movie there's lots of
like purples and greens
I should have tie-in with the different
characters each one kind of has this
talk of color palettes why are you Bob
Ross shut up I liked all the happy
little trees they're pretentious and
nonsense I don't know if you realize it
but the visuals are a big part of a
motion picture no it's all about this
explosion no last name
as that a Godzilla that has the little
wheels that you when you roll them
around sparks come out of his mouth no
they don't make those kind of toys
anymore dude
although he does like his back comes off
why I don't know this back part comes
out it must be interchangeable with
other backs you better
does he shoot water out of his mouth or
something like maybe if you fill them up
with water and you squeeze him this is
like me trying to figure out the
Millennium Falcon hey I got this off
immediately though that's true
let me see let me investigate this maybe
you're supposed to hide drugs in him can
I keep this oh sure hey where you going
you
my name is Kade I have an identical twin
brother the pure majesty of nature
virtual reality I miss my brother along
with you
who am i what am i it's a killer with
unidentifiable DNA he has to be
self-aware at this plate he has to be
alright this this feels like somebody
doing a Neil green parody more than an
actual meal Breen film I'll be right
here
all right it's over
