Jun 28, 2018
Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSItaxluYb4
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1012478124020436992
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155721607522634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-jurassic-world-fallen-kingdom

hello and welcome to another episode of
half in the bag a movie review show my
name is Mike and I'm Jay and today we're
talking about Jurassic world fallen
Kingdom Jurassic world bond Kingdom
starts Chris Pratt bryce dallas howard
rent wraps now and james from mom and it
was written by derek connolly and Colin
Trevorrow directed by Jay Bayona
I thought you know I thought it was okay
and parts you know it's not as good as
some of the other ones but and a couple
kind of kind of fun action pieces and
overall I'm sorry okay
I really liked the first one Jurassic
Park a Jurassic world I thought this was
really good it was an exciting adventure
film but this one I think may have
stepped down a notch it had some good
action sequences we got plenty of Dino
action if you're if you're into into if
you're into movies with Donal action
there's there's plenty of that that the
graphics are good I would say overall if
you like Chris Pratt yeah I like Chris
Pratt now you'd probably like this movie
I like I like it there most of the stuff
he's done yeah yeah he's good
that like button and don't forget to
subscribe and
thank you for watching
ooh hey J it's almost too hot we should
start heading back right boy oh boy it
sure is good to be back in the VCR
repair shop
that's right Mike and it looks like
those exterminators did a pretty good
job yeah I think they got rid of all the
rats yeah it sure would be a shame if
all those rats came back and we had to
close the VCR repair shop for good
forever forever mm-hmm boy hey speaking
of rat feces do you want to talk more
about Jurassic world fallen Kingdom boy
do I ever she's ranked okay okay
Jurassic Park 5 aka Jurassic world 2
aka Jurassic world 2 fallen Kingdom is
finally here in this fifth Jurassic Park
installment which is a sequel to the
soft reboot of Jurassic Park called
Jurassic world Jurassic world 2 fallen
Kingdom is a soft reboot itself of
Jurassic Park to the lost world this
film which was not directed by Colin
Trevorrow reunites us with Bryce Dallas
Howard character lady from the last
movie and Chris Pratt's character Owen
thunder guns in this film the white sis
male his complicit characterless female
love interest and to comic relief
diversity hires go back to the island s
Lanoue bar in order to save some
dinosaurs from an exploding volcano
J you didn't like Jurassic world part 5
tell us why were four what's Jurassic
Jurassic world is part four and this is
Jurassic world part 4 part two this is
Jurassic Park five writes Jurassic world
part two fallen Kingdom rights well
going into this yeah you went into this
having liked the previous one having no
interest in this one I went into this
not liking the previous one and also
having no interest in this one but this
movie is fucking bizarre the first half
of it it's like it's like a pretty
standard sequel to the last one and then
it's like halfway through the movie they
got bored and just said let's just start
over and something just start another
movie that's like this weird like
dinosaurs in a mansion story with with
like Texas oil moguls with like spin
Glee moustaches bidding in the black
market on dinosaurs and then them
running amok in a mansion it's like a
dumb Roger Corman movie with a budget
yeah and you'd think you'd like the
second half more because it turns into
like like schlock but I like the first
half more oh I hated the first half it's
exactly a remake of the second one which
is bizarre because people didn't really
like the second one of you mean the
second one from the original you know
it's a lost world
yeah the lost world because in the lost
world the first part was we got to go
back to on a different Island at site B
but you had passed away right was was he
the bad guy like the the great white
hunter who has now been replaced in this
movie by Buffalo Bill died Buffalo Bill
Silence of the Lambs and
he was there on also a secret mission to
steal dinosaurs bring them back to land
so the first half of Jurassic Park to
the lost world is them on the island and
then they get end up and then they bring
out the t-rex in the cage like you know
King Kong reference and then the t-rex
runs around and ends up at a house he
drinks out of the swimming pool yeah
then there's litigates a dog right and
he runs down the street and hits his
head on a bus and people are screaming
and
and it's like you know same plot except
except that was like the last 10 minutes
of that movie this movie it really is
like right down the middle it becomes a
completely different movie it's so weird
but I hated the first half I hate it
almost from the beginning because right
off the bats we're we're retrofitting
something which is the the aquatic
dinosaur from the last movie do you know
what that was called yeah he's not gonna
tell me a goober fish
it's a goober fish they make a point of
showing it in the first movie it's in
this this little man-made lake lake that
they jump directly in the center of the
islands here it's on the edge of the
island that has a fence that opens up
directly into the ocean but yeah so
right off the bat they just completely
change the location of that pond for
plot convenience which is a big problem
I had with the last movie is how many
things happen just because they need to
happen so there's a movie so this is a
direct continuation of that type of shit
well they wanted to steal a piece of
bone from the androgynous Rex and
dominus Rex yes the bad guys want
dinosaurs that's the premise of the
movie yes bad guys want dinosaur is a
first kindly old man James Cromwell not
Hammonds Jeff Hammonds best friend slash
business partners we've never been told
about before the original Jurassic Park
business partner that has never been
mentioned before it is another old man
with a white beard
so they they they dredge up James
Cromwell put him in a wheelchair and say
you're basically John Hammond you're the
kindly old man with the vision even as
the cane and a he says a line in them in
the movies like John Hammond never saw
dinosaurs is a source of money or
something he saw them as a beautiful
creature that should be left alone in
the wilderness and I was like he made a
fucking theme park he's selling
lunchboxes he was scenes higher point of
the movie he was selling like cheap
merchandise John Hammond was essentially
the villain yes the only one with any
clarity complete clarity was Jeff
Goldblum yeah yeah but your scientists
were so preoccupied with whether or not
they
they didn't stop to think of they should
and it's the same in this movie for the
two seconds that he's in it
yeah he shows up at the very beginning
just to say hey 25 years ago I said this
exact same shit leave those things alone
let nature take its course
I'll here in Jeff Goldblum in my editor
I felt nothing like an hour how long is
it gonna take for that to spread around
the globe and what's gonna be done with
it it ain't gonna stop with a the
extinction of the dinosaurs this movie
supremely dumb not in the Transformers
dumb way it's it's dumb and look I know
we often make this reference but
Saturday morning cartoon show way where
I was watching it and I was just I was
going like this and wiping over the
image and just picturing it as an
animated thing like like 1980s like
horrible animation yeah yeah and I was
like Oh watching like like a fun kids
show that's what it felt like but sure
and then ultra-realistic
like gloomy dark horror action movie
kind of way and it was this one looks
more like a horror movie that was the
weird thing to me is III haven't seen
the other movies this guy's directed he
did the orphanage I never got around to
seen that and as watching this movie I
was like man this is a good looking
movie like a lot of it's really well
executed there's some cool shots and
sequences there's the when the
gyrosphere falls in the water it's just
like one long continuous take and it's
inside the thing and my favorite part
you see yeah there was a cool part you
see oh and thunder gums outside trying
to break them out of it
similar to the car in children of men
where it's just it's right in the center
of the car and the cameras going around
so I was like man this is a good look at
movie and it's all in the service of
like the dumbest script possible it's
like because a lot of movies that we've
seen that are really dumb they usually
have a visual style to match like if
this looks like the last movie the Colin
Trevorrow one it would make perfect
sense but this movie looks way too good
for what it is yeah it is it is an
unbelievably stupid script where it is
and and the sad part it almost feels
like like you know you go into battle
having known you've lost the war already
because there's someone going into
watching this yes that's how I felt
because it's not like this was its
opening weekend it has been out for two
weeks overseas and has already passed
700 million billion dollar
know where everyone in the world has
seen it and now it's like now we're
guaranteed
we're guaranteed more I you know what
we'll get into spoilers in a bit but
once we get to the ending of this movie
I'm like bring it on
we're in full stupid mode I can't the
the the Jurassic world the first one it
was was generically stupid which is why
I didn't like it
this one is generically stupid and then
it goes literally goes off a cliff at
one point and then it is so stupid that
I was actually starting to enjoy it I
think I'm done with dinosaur movies
after this because it like Star Wars
it's you've got three elements in it
that are there rebellion
Empire super weapon and and in this you
have you know humans dinosaurs and
military contractors who want to use the
dinosaurs as weapons
let's go say that's the fourth element
that you're forgetting it which is that
debate about how much we should
interfere with nature yet resolved in
the first movie perfectly that's the
entire point of the first movie and all
these sequels are like well we got to
put that in there because it was in the
first movie even though you can tell
that none of the movies give a shit
about that they just want to be shitty
monster movies this one included it's
actually the worst in this one God
trying to ram that message into it
because it makes no sense in this world
no I mean it's it's cartoon comical yeah
that ending when uh what's a little guys
named John Hammonds best friend James
Cromwell super rich guy and a giant
mansion underneath the giant mansion
there's secret elevator to an
underground Rick Sanchez lair of super
technological stuff under the house
right which is yeah large enough for not
only a giant genetics lab but also cages
for dinosaurs which which I guess James
Crumm will never heard roar they must
have some really good sound proofing
he's oblivious to all this until the
scene where he's not and it's never
explained yeah he somehow is aware of it
but we'll get into that now his the man
he's chosen to entrust his wealth with
and what what he does with you know of
his money is is like you know corporate
white guy who used to be idealistic but
now has just sold out he wants the money
yeah he doesn't care they're gonna go
steal a bunch of dinosaurs auction them
off to billionaires of foreign countries
arms dealers whoever's paying the most
but at the same time they're also
creating a new super hybrid dinosaur
with BD Wong who was the actor that was
in the original Jurassic Park and as
well just a scientist he's slightly bad
in the last one now he's working for the
bad guys so he's like I'm gonna make a
hybrid of a of a velociraptor and
something else it's the same shit as the
last one we have a genetically altered
dinosaurs again bigger than a
velociraptor but it's more intelligent
somehow and then and then they're just
like oh well we're auctioning things off
put it out on the auction block just to
show them we're not gonna auction it off
but we're just gonna put it out there
for no reason they have no like solid
concrete plan yeah well then people
start bidding on it and so they're like
oh yeah it's going and they show them
like and I like a cartoony shot they're
like hundreds of millions of dollars
it's just like they're like a ticker
like a spreadsheet that's just like
constantly adding up money it's so dumb
so bad guys have nebulous plans of just
generally exploiting dinosaurs when I
saw Buffalo Bill like ka Ted Levine I
thought he's very similar to the the P
pasta weaith character from the second
one kind of like the character from
Avatar you know that like you know I'm
gonna stock character stock character
soldier guy who's out for a paycheck
right and so I thought okay well they're
gonna do something where the US military
wants dinosaurs and it's gonna examine
them and try to create but really it's
much more vague than that it's just who
wants some dinosaur parts so this
biotech company wants two dinosaurs to
maybe like make drugs with the Russians
want them to make weapons we're still
trying to do that weaponize the
dinosaurs thing yeah and then and then
they prove they're like hey we've got
this this super dinosaur called
Velociraptor hybrid dinosaur you use a
laser pointer to tell it where to go and
hit this sonic frequency and it'll just
attack without without stopping right so
then someone takes a gun and aims at
some guy random guy in the off on the
audience there's a laser at the auction
yeah on the gun and hits the sonic
button right if you have a gun with a
laser pointer on it but you're aiming at
your target why do you need then a
dinosaur to run at your target it's a
lot easier to control than a dinosaur in
fact most weapons are easier to control
than a dinosaur that's the thing they
mentioned that they have like an offhand
line in this about how like oh people
have used animals in combat throughout
the years and they reference like shit
that existed before we had like
modern-day tanks yes yes like what was
it they the diseased rats yeah it's old
war two they use disease right which is
like those are diseased they're mindless
rats
now that snake has been infected by
deadly toxins from
cancer infested rats that's not the same
thing is what you're talking about
going on a horse elephant it's a big
beast for transportation yeah
the justification for it so within it is
because you could have gone a different
route and said well okay we we took
unconscious velociraptor and we put this
microchip in its brain right and then it
runs around and we control with a
keyboard like that's it's so nebulous
and so vague or or you have a character
like the Joker that just wants to create
chaos and he's hired people to collect
these dinosaurs so he could just unleash
around the world just to fuck everything
up yeah it's something like weird like
that
either way the dinosaurs are always at
the bottom of the list dumber plot you
know but I want to talk about endo Rex
Endor indominus rex no well that's the
other one again an endo Raptor goddamnit
I want to talk about indoor Raptor right
okay this Indo raptors the most
intelligent thing ever
it focuses on its prey and it's super
smart and blah blah blah the movie
didn't even know what it was doing with
its own creation because you have endo
raptor and finally Endor Raptor is let
out it does one clever thing which I
liked when Buffalo Bill goes in its cage
he shoots him with with tranquilizers
and an indoor Raptor falls over the
Buffalo Bill wants to pull his tooth out
an indoor Raptor was smart enough to
kind of pretend to pass out and he
winked at the audience to let us know
there's that shot where he's in the
foreground he literally looks at the
camera and smiles he opens when I was
what I had smiles at the camera actually
but I was shocked it was smart it was
smart that endo Raptor like was was
intelligent enough to set a trap
basically and the attend to be passed
out because he knew what those darts did
clever girl
yes
Lindo Raptor is just like savagely
running through things to get at every
all of our characters a one Thunder guns
lady and little girl a little girl and a
little girl but just like just like the
last movie we have a scene where there's
chaos and people running everywhere and
then everybody's just gone except our
main characters for the rest of the
movie just like the last one but then
two scenes back-to-back almost with Indo
Raptor completely contradict each other
because little girls running and she's
running for the staircase and indoor
Raptors trying to get her and there's a
little thing with a dinosaur skeleton on
it and the old girl runs past it and
endo Raptor just barrels through it like
it like a crazed wild animal yes I don't
know if you're ever running after
somebody and there's a thing in your way
you just go like this and go around it
basic intelligence even a dumb animal
would know not to just smash their way
through it then the next scene the
little girl's hiding in her bed an Indo
Raptor it comes down outside the window
gingerly opens the door with this
fingernail and comes into the room very
like quiet yes yeah so what is it
out-of-control mindless wild animal or
super intelligent creature like if endo
Raptor was moving with precision and
grace and like like a ninja almost
without smashing anything then it would
have been an interesting take like they
upped its intelligence to a point where
it doesn't like smash his head through
things it it operates completely
differently and we're just like oh oh
that's kind of scary that's weird well
especially by this point in the movie
we've watched two hours of dinosaurs
running through things and smashing
everything it's just more of the same
shit
good enough
so uh what are you dating like an
accountant now Ellen ventriloquist's a
fat you love a dummy well I want to talk
about Chris Pratt's character real quick
because we don't have a relatable
likable protagonist in this film Lee of
cartoon characters and specifically I
wanted to mention his introduction
because it was very unmoving like and it
was very annoying bright Bryce Dallas
Howard is approached by a billionaire
man and said I want you to go in rescue
all these dinosaurs which is what she's
apparently trying to do in her free time
or as a new job she's an activist she
has a whole office full of people that
are trying to save those dinosaurs that
have killed hundreds of people through
several films now they just won't
fucking learn nobody will learn no
there's a brief moment during that
sequence where she's in her office with
all the activists and they're all like
you know young kids and I was hoping it
would go the movie would turn into like
the green inferno deal a Roth movie
where all these like smug self-righteous
activists go into the jungle to try and
preserve it and then just get eaten by
cannibals
I was like it'd be great if they were
all like we have to save these dinosaurs
and then they just get eaten there's a
scene where 100 dinosaurs come on just
Terra moly yeah yeah that's kind of what
happens throughout all these movies
really we need to preserve these
dinosaurs and then one second later
Bryce Dallas Howard is running for her
life and terrified of the dinosaurs yes
yes but anyway you're talking about the
introduction Chris Pratt yeah I made a
joke during the film on her and uh her
and Franklin the technician the hacker
kid that kid he was fine the rare
they're there they're escaping the
dinosaur and she closes the door so it
can get burned alive by lava yeah yeah
came there to save them just make
friendly dinosaurs just make herbivores
with your computers and your DNA yeah
orders don't make dinosaurs at all but
but Bryce Dallas Howard aka Lady
Claire Claire oh she actually kind of
had a character in the last movie there
was a much of a payoff but she kind of
did shed an arc
she went from uptight corporate lady to
I'm adventurous now because Chris Pratt
mansplain door the way they really tone
that down on this one yeah I think they
got a little bit of a backlash for it in
the last movie so so they're like let's
not take any chances let's just let
Chris Pratt be Chris Pratt and we won't
let Bryce Bryce Dallas Howard do
anything right she's just lady yeah
but anyway so rich guy tows Claire you
can go back to the island I'm gonna give
you a bunch of money we really want to
try to get blue do you know anybody you
know who could help with that and she's
like oh sure there's one guy I think
could help but it might take some
convincing hard cut to Owen washing
dishes in a greasy spoon diner while
he's getting yelled at by his boss
you're saying this is what should have
happened because this isn't what
happened that's what happens in movie
your lead character your protagonist is
has some challenges instead it cuts to
him like and it's almost what it should
be the end of
the film hmm I'm building my house yeah
everything's perfect life is great and
why what is why is he even going back
what's the risk what's the reward
well the nothing his whole change
happens in the following scene when they
go to a bar and she says you should come
with and he says nah and she says ok and
then she leaves and then he goes yeah
and then he just goes with that was his
change but he had no character I know
that's all that's all stock writing and
I and I well but it's something but it's
something yeah this has nothing is just
I'm building the house
living the dream oh yes okay I'll come
with ya and then now I'm back well also
the two of them have the exact same
artist the last movie which is they used
to be romantically involved they're not
anymore and then at the end they kiss he
shows very little like aggressive
romantic interest like you didn't the
other one but then they then they they
get back they get back at at the male
patriarchy a little bit earlier on when
the the veterinarian character oh yeah
the one who's an expert on being a
dinosaur vet even though she's never
seen a dinosaur yes yeah she's like
don't talk down to me I'm a strong
independent woman and don't don't
belittle me come on
beefcake so you're never though yes she
yells at Ted Levine for for talking down
to her as a lady thinking she can't hold
her own in a world filled with violent
dinosaurs this is a man who's in the
military with machine guns and she's a
vet who's never seen a dinosaur
assumption wasn't quite sexist more
which is logical more logical and out of
concern but she takes it as sexist don't
talk to me that way
I'm just the same as you were all equals
I'm just a lady and I could hold my own
and then she calls Chris Pratt a
beefcake that dehumanizing him and
calling him just a big pile of dumb man
meat it's a commentary on something
something was going on either the writer
was
clueless and stupid or they were making
a comment based on the previous films
accusations of misogyny it could be a
little bit of both because I know there
was kind of like a meta quality to the
last movie with like the the guy in the
control room but that first part was
legit you know I have a lot of respect
for they didn't need these genetic
hybrids they just needed dinosaurs real
dinosaurs okay and so I think there's a
little bit of that in this like also
when Bryce Dallas Howard gets off the
plane onto the island there's like a
close-up of her foot and it's like a
boot yeah it's like look she's not
wearing high heels through the whole
movie because everybody complained about
that in the last one she's like running
away from the t-rex in high-yield yeah
yeah so these filmmakers that Colin
Trevorrow he's very meta and he's very
clever he's very clever he's a very very
smart man I mean have you seen book of
Henry and he could write a really good
screenplay that's so smart you know you
might it might just be too quick for you
yeah you might just be like I'm just
getting tangled up in this plot I cannot
follow what's happening do you remember
when the film ran out of story
after after the auction scene when
they're like I ran out of story dinosaur
chased them dinosaur chased them
upstairs well no that's when they
entered it on roof it was so stupid
which leads us into the little girl
let's talk about the little girl yes I
think I oughta Blee gasped in the
theater because they intro the little
girl and she's not Hammonds
granddaughter they say yeah she's not no
no no well not Haman that's his
character is not Hamlet I'll go call him
Zefram Cochrane okay excuse me
but yeah you want to tell the story will
say spoilers I mean well they try and
yeah we're spoilers it doesn't matter
this is after they ran out of Story 2
they're like what's something we can do
as it was she is a clone James Cromwell
cloned his daughter and that's his
daughter so we have introduced that
human cloning is now a reality yes and
then it's never met
again well I was I was just assuming
that was studying that was following the
tradition of the last movie of kind of
setting things up and having no payoff
for him possibly like the kids in the
last one there's like I'm sad because
their parents are getting divorced
you never mentioned again no payoff to
that that column Trevor all he's simply
subvert in your expectations by making
you think you're gonna watch a complete
film we hope that people come out with
their imaginations expanded of what a
Jurassic Park movie to be but anyway
then yeah we get to the very end the bad
guys have been well I guess we haven't
seen what happens to them yet but
they're out of the mansion yeah and all
those thousands of people just kind of
disappear like did they all just run
into the woods no and nobody called the
police I mean I guess you if you're
going to an illegal monster auction run
back to somewhere mm-hmm so dinosaurs
are in the basement of the mansion in
cages the the kerfuffle with blue and
security guards and our two characters
cause toxic gas and to leak out not the
explosion gasps no different other gas
it has leaked out and is filling up the
basement where all the dinosaurs the
dinosaurs are gonna suffocate or or get
poisoned by the gas and so Bryce Dallas
Howard opens up all the cages for some
reason individually yeah this is where
things get confusing cuz she's like I'm
gonna open up all the cages and yeah if
you think you see you're like yeah open
open open and you soon that's like her
letting them out but then there's a big
door that she also has to open yes and
Owen is like okay you go go ahead and
open up all the cages like he's not
quite sure yeah but he gives her the
go-ahead and then she opens up all the
cages and all there and then there's one
big like it's a big red button so
welcome everybody this way there it goes
and she says no gotta let the dinosaurs
die and I'm like oh good okay that's a
quality ending because this well this
isn't even a case of like or the
are on their own island we should leave
that island and just let him be this is
in the u.s. yes don't let them out into
the world because it's it's you know you
can't you can't put the toothpaste back
in the tube yeah and then the little
girl hits the button
it's almost comedy timing almost and
then she looked back and she hit the
button she says I liked about cause
they're just like me they're alive just
like me or something like that because
she realized she was a clone goes yeah
she only exists because of tinkering
with science and they only exist because
of tinkering with science but she's not
going to just devour people right and as
a four-year-old she understands that
because mr. Mill's yelled it at them an
expository dialogue for absolutely no
reason
yeah you're gonna protect her do you
even know what she is
five years ago James Cromwell decided to
make a clone of his daughter because he
missed his daughter and that clone
turned out to be her I've got to go now
why is he saying that at that moment and
she understood the gravity of all that
as a four-year-old yeah yeah so the
dinosaurs are out this was shocking to
me it was so stupid that this happens we
see this is shot in the trailer where
you see the the whatever the underwater
one is and it's like they're surfers and
it's coming up towards them and then we
just see dinosaurs taking over well we
have we have some like dialogue overlaid
with Jeff Gould Jeff Goldblum came back
for five seconds live in a world that's
where we have to deal with everyday
dinosaurs I guess yeah everyone's just
accepted it not not we need to make a
plan to take care of this they're like I
guess we're all just gonna die the
ending really should have been Mills I
mean this is all so stupid but this make
sense Mills nosis been attacked by
dinosaurs and he's also scraped up right
for no reason he he crawls into the room
and when they're not looking he hits the
button as his last thing yeah as a fuck
you and as a bad guy the fact that a
little girl did it is incredibly stupid
any sense so Mike would you recommend
Jurassic world's fallen Kingdom and J I
assume your non recommendation uh no
it's it's just terrible the second half
was terrible enough that I actually
enjoyed it the whole dinosaur is in a
mansion and the black market auction was
just so bizarre to me and then the clone
like it's all so weird but it's only
like the second half of the movie and
the first half is just terrible just
like generically terrible maybe show up
halfway through go go an hour into the
movie once they get to that mansion then
just just watch it see my suggestion was
to leave after the hamster ball park
okay well I guess we're just on opposite
ends of which part is the most amusing
ly terrible yes yes
what are you doing writing the script to
the next Jurassic world movie
to Jurassic Park
