Jan 6, 2018
2017 Catch-up (Part 1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRinktgcrcw
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/949643945679687680
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155314862762634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-2017-movie-catch-up-part-1-of-2

J I got a toy truck for Christmas what
did you get bronchitis oh hi
no I didn't see you there welcome to the
official 33rd annual we're half in the
bag recap video and we're gonna recap
films from 2017 this is not a top 10
list no this is that shit this is not
the best of 2017 it's not the worst of
it's just films that we saw we have
mostly liked or some we disliked but
some ones that we haven't talked about
on 1/2 in the bank once we haven't
talked about a half of the bagging that
we would like to talk to you about today
I'm Mike and I'm Jay some of these will
be movies that we both seen some of be
ones that you've seen and I haven't and
vice-versa
you've both put together lists let's
start off with our first film I guess
chronologically that we didn't do a half
in the bag on and that film is split
this will be the only film to be in any
sort of chronological order yes I've
never seen a case like this before
23 identities live in Kevin's body split
was James McAvoy as a person with
multiple personality disorder was anyone
upset about that I was just about to say
Jay I wrongly predicted picketing and
and protests mental illness shaming
because we were talking about that with
his last movie to the visit about the
the elderly people that escaped from the
mental institute they're like her people
gonna be upset about him making a movie
about crazy people right now and I guess
everyone's still ok with crazy people
yeah so that's good crazy people can't
figure out how to get to the theater and
approach people that work in the in the
healthcare industry with people with
mental illness they just have too much
shit to do they know go see stupid M
night Shyamalan movies thing literally
though that might be the answer okay I'd
like to split it was the first I'm not
sure movie I've seen in 25 years that I
liked I was I was split on the
it's oddly enough and there are things
about that movie that oh yeah that was a
hackneyed piece of garbage it was that
hurt 18 is that our saying I think I
think our confusion on it was how much
of it was intentionally funny right in
this movie there's a fair amount that's
funny and it's clearly intentional what
I liked about this movie I liked about
the visit and I liked even more so about
this one is that M night Shyamalan has
given up the facade of being like snooty
pretentious artist man and he's just
making Locke really well-crafted
entertaining schlock which is what this
is well there's a clandestine meeting at
like a coffee shop where Jason Blum
slipped him a gigantic check okay and
said he said drop the act he said do you
like being an artist or do you like
money no let's make a schlock film about
psychopathic elderly people it's gonna
bring in the kitties well it's weird
because there's not as far as a concept
goes there's not that much of a
difference between this and some of the
other like shit movies he's done over
the years like the happening like oh no
evil plans the halfway it it it lacks
that like that error that he's doing
something serious he's having fun with
this movie I would argue that the
happening had a like a hackneyed to eco
message well that too
yeah he's dropped all of that all those
notions and just made a really
well-crafted thriller yeah
the premise is a little silly and it
reached a point in the movie where I was
like this is getting a little too
ridiculous but then it kept going to the
point where I was like oh we're going
that far now it's won me over again
with multiple personalities can change
their body chemistry with their thoughts
and of course spoilers the the everybody
knows now the payoff year later spoilers
is what solidifies it into perfection
for me because it's like if that movie
just ended I'd be like yeah but then I'm
bill I was a why are you talking about
the the Bruce well yeah yeah yeah that
the twist that it's takes place in the
Bruce Willis superhero UniFirst it's
it's not so much of a twist like the
classic M night so much as it is just
like another revelation because the
story's over at that point yeah like
people were like leaving the theater and
then that scene came on up here like
what the fuck yeah is like he made it
back door sequel which is great yeah
right
it wasn't necessarily a twist as first
yeah like you said the story goes it was
just it's just a what like you really
did that yeah that's awesome you just
don't see like crazy shit like that too
much
sure well in the fact that because in
this era of like cinematic universes and
shared universes like data that was kept
completely silent and like nobody knew
about it
even into opening weekend because I
didn't see it like opening day or
anything I saw it a couple days later I
guess it's cuz people don't talk about
in my shyamalan anymore
but when I saw it I hadn't heard a word
about that so it was a genuine surprise
and he's so rare to be surprised by
movies anymore what was interesting
about it is it was sort of meta because
you expect the twist at the end of M
night Shyamalan movie and while it
wasn't a conventional narrative twist it
was a twist on the M night Shyamalan
twist so he found a way to surprise me
yeah other than making a terrible film
well that that's that was the biggest
surprises that the movie wasn't terrible
yeah James McAvoy fantastic the the girl
who was the girl from the vivec she's
back in this she was really good
everyone's really solid great and that's
really it's those two I know there's the
two other girls that are there they're
they're not great their performances but
the kind of power struggle between her
the lead girl and James McAvoy that's
the focus that's the focus of the movie
and we get some sweet James McAvoy dance
moves right when he's in the body of a
of a small child yeah he shows that he
has he has quite the acting range his
his his Brooklyn accent is wonderful and
that's a movie I think I think we liked
and I got caught it I caught it on TV
recently and I sat and watched a little
and I'm like eh that's good well he
keeps coming up with because the whole
movie almost the whole movie is in one
location he goes out to visit the
psychiatrist lady once in a while but
the bulk of it is just in this kind of
underground facility and he keeps coming
up with new ways to shoot it it doesn't
the the setting doesn't get boring he
really knows how to use the camera in
this in a way that he hasn't in a long
time his last few movies have been so
like flat and ugly it's a good job I'm
night I'm sure your next movie will suck
so the next one is the glass glass movie
the Samuel Jackson carrots yeah a more
conventional sequel to unbreakable I
think I don't need a sequel I don't know
well enough alone
this was a great little moment at the
end we're like oh we're in a superhero
world
good job ended well J let's move on why
don't you pick the next film we talked
about and if I've seen it I'll jump in
if I haven't I will sit here and stare
at you awkwardly that sounds like a
wonderful plan the next film I saw is
Skull Island calling Skull Islands I
take by your silence you didn't see it
is that a monkey
I really liked Kong Skull Islands I had
no interest in seeing it I didn't see it
in the theater I was like fuck this I
was actually kind of turned off by I had
heard that they made Kong bigger
specifically so that he would be the
appropriate size for when they
eventually make the Godzilla versus King
Kong movie and that just felt so cynical
and sleazy and gross I was like fuck
this movie but then I got curious when
it was on video because I liked Kong
over the years in various movies I'd
actually really liked it it unlike the
Godzilla reboots the American Godzilla
that came out a few years ago which was
like embarrassed to be making a Godzilla
movie there's like oh no here comes
Godzilla cutaway
oh he's I'm the background of the TV
aren't we clever
we're embarrassed to be making a
Godzilla movie this movie really just
embraces making a big silly stupid
monster movie with Kong fighting giant
monsters on this Islands I think it was
when we talked about spider-man
homecoming and I talked about how I miss
in these big movies the the Sam Raimi
weirdness where there's that like
personal touch in a big blockbuster and
this has a lot of that it's not it
doesn't feel like a Sam Raimi movie but
it just feels like this guy that likes
video games and he likes there's a at
one point in the movie there's a fucking
Cannibal Holocaust reference which
caught me off guard
all the characters are boring and
disposable which might be a breaking
point for some people and completely
understandable because like brie Larson
and Tom Hiddleston are the leads and
their characters are flat and boring as
fuck
Jhansi Riley's having a lot of fun it
almost seems like he just was doing his
own thing and no one stopped him The
Devil's live below us I calm skull
why because it sounds neat okay look I
just made that name up I'm trying to
scare you so he's entertaining but all
the human characters kind of suck hmm
which is a detriment to the movie it's
not a great movie but I just enjoyed it
for embracing the the weird monster
stuff and there's lots of really kind of
slick camerawork lots of energy lots of
movement I like the idea of because I
like a lot of Kong movies over the years
and this one kind of lacks that uh that
kind of lofty Peter Jackson like this is
important like I think I just had like
III don't share the the affinity with
Kong like I just don't care and I
watched the Peter Jackson one I think I
saw the theater and I was bored to tears
as most people were I was like it's over
they leaving the island what we're two
hours into the movie they haven't even
gotten to the fucking island yet Oh God
look at that but look at that close-up
of Naomi Watts she puts her hand on the
railing of the boat as she steps on the
boat cuz this is important yeah let's
get to the goddamn island so when I saw
Kong like bring him back Kong it just
had echoes of like we're bringing back
this we're bringing back this we're
bringing back this and here comes and I
was like no no no no it was good and
then I didn't watch it
I'd like to talk about a film that I
think was a made for Amazon or Netflix
film is called see this is one of those
I left a big impression I don't feel at
home in this world anymore I was made
for Netflix it's a running theme this
year this last year some of the best
movies I saw were made for Netflix
because Netflix is willing to take
chances they'll make the big like bright
or they'll release a full season at
fuller house because it's like that's
safe and people want to see that type of
shit and then they also make these weird
little small movies like I don't feel at
home in this world anymore
and apparently bright is getting a
sequel the worst reviewed movie of the
year is getting a sequel because I hit
the numbers because a bunch of people
watched it yes
and so I don't know how many people
watched I don't feel at home in this
world anymore but I appreciate that
Netflix released it so yeah that I think
I think the model is changing because
I've been trolled is changing the world
is changing I rent a lot of movies from
the red box and I watch a lot of
streaming movies as do you yes and more
often than not I'm starting to see that
Amazon Studios logo come up and then
Netflix and and then I was like I'm like
when someone comes and says hey I want
to make this big movie we're gonna put
it in the theaters no that's where the
comic book movies go and that's it now
yes yeah I think I think my dreams may
finally come true of a world without
movie theaters this is from a film buff
if you have a nice home set up you don't
need to go to the fucking theater that's
right and if you have the option like
there are some movies there's more
independent movies that will still get
look at a theatrical release but some of
them are starting to come out available
for streaming like on the same day there
should be like a like like a movie
theaters are going to turn into
like exclusive private golf clubs where
you have a membership to get you have to
pass like like a background check and
Disney will get to work on this they'll
be in charge love would not monopoly in
all the theaters you'll go in there and
be like dude do you do you want to eat
an entire pizza while watching the film
yes or are you okay with being in a
theater with someone eating an entire
pizza right next to your face right yeah
you have to you have to pass certain
through are you compelled to piss in a
bottle do you shower regularly you know
things like that name you have you
passed this questionnaire and you've got
like like a government issued card will
allow you into a movie theater so you
can see x-men 12 yeah no yeah let's get
back to our our topic at hand I don't
feel at home in this world anymore
a wonderful little film starring that
lady melanie lynskey
who it was nice to see her in the lead
because she was way way back she was in
Peter Jackson's movie heavenly creatures
it was her and Kate Winslet mmm they
were this two stars of the movie and it
was a critically acclaimed movie and one
of them got super successful and famous
and the other one was Kate Winslet I've
seen this this the I don't feel at home
in this world anymore girl and lots of
randomly she yeah she's had a continued
career but obviously Kate Winslet's won
Oscars and you know she's in all these
prestige movies and melanie lynskey I
think was on Two and a Half Men for a
while so good and she's really great in
this movie and Elijah Wood is really
good in it people treat each other makes
me so furious Kevin stop it it's written
and directed by makin Blair who has
worked with Jeremy Sonier who directed
green room and blue ruin and so it has a
little bit of that feel to it that kind
of like low-key super violent crime
dirty dirty
yeah but mixed with a little bit of the
kind of Coen Brothers dark humor lots of
dark humor which I liked I loved Elijah
woods character in this movie even if
the film narrative Lior structurally
doesn't
a perfect ending or payoff or isn't
completely solid it's it's that
intensity and that like you just want to
keep watching it kind of thing because
the movies about this like kind of
humdrum boring girl who's kind of nobody
yeah and she meets up with Elijah Wood
who is basically Dwight Schrute yes
delusional mentality it's it's it's the
the outcasts team up and and try to take
down the bad guys more or less but
complications come along the way and
become super violent and and it's funny
and you know I don't wanna get into the
whole plot and I'm not here to tell the
plot it's just one of those movies that
where it's a nice it's a nice refreshing
different kind of movie not letting you
shoot anyone anyone anyone else
well speaking of refreshing and fun
I saw a violent sad film called raw
raaah is a French movie it's a
coming-of-age story about this girl that
goes off to college and and it's sort of
an allegory for kind of going off to
college and discovering yourself and
discovering your sexuality except
instead of sexuality she discovers that
she likes eating people
it's cannibal films coming-of-age
cannibal film it was sort of notorious I
guess I want to say it was like the
Toronto Film Festival or something it
got all this press for being like people
were like passing out in the theatre and
like really upset by it and so I kind of
went into the movie with that mentality
like thinking there's gonna be this
really extreme because there was a while
back there's something called the French
extreme horror movies like high tension
and stuff like that or it's just like
super gory and this wasn't that at all I
don't know what the fuck I'm assuming
someone passing out was unrelated to the
movie I was just gonna say whenever you
hear that story then it's someone who
has an unrelated medical condition
that's that has to be it because there's
a little bit of violence in the movie
but it's it's it's sparse and when it
happens it's effective because it's used
so sparingly but it's it's not like a
comedy or anything it's played
completely straight just as this sort of
this girl she was raised vegan by her
family and so she goes off to college
and is a hazing ritual she's forced to
eat so I want to say it's like raw
rabbit meat or something because so she
just has a bite a rabbit Mead and that
sort of awakens in her this this desire
to eat meat and then it just escalates
from there so i really liked it i it the
lead performance is really great this
girl kind of discovering herself and is
this really kind of just like sort of
fluids camerawork very stylish but not
calling attention to itself so i liked
it a lot
well speaking of coming of age I'll just
throw this one in here real quick I
recently watched a film called Brad's
status you ten minutes I just gotta put
on that clothes you could have like the
body of a man now
dad cannot be weird okay good close one
do it yeah I don't know what the fuck
this is which I which is a film I would
want it had it starred Ben Stiller so
that's a big no for me and the trailer
made it look like it was some like cute
like and take him a kid to college and
you know though and I don't know if this
terms been coined before coming of old
age because that's what this really was
it was this and this this will tie into
our next film okay as well because Ben
Stiller plays a man who's 47 years old
and his 1617 year old son is going off
to look at colleges and him and his son
take a trip and and Ben Stiller has a
group of like three or four friends that
were all friends in college and all of
them have gone on to be like ultra
successful ones like hedge fund manager
one is like a political guy who was
always on TV and brought this really
successful book the one of the guys him
and his his his boyfriend who soon to be
husband because they get married in the
film that's the director of the film his
name's Mike white oh I know that name
he's written a ton of stuff his his um
career is all over the place it's oh
he's done like big studio comedies and
he's done like weird independent movies
right yeah and then some but another
character I think but basically it's
it's very it feels like movie that was
based on a book because it's very inner
monologue II and Ben Stiller it's like
he's like flipping through all their
facebook pictures and people are like
enjoying their lives they have private
planes and he's like he runs a
non-profit he's like a mushy lumps
he's very shallow and and pathetic and
he's evaluating his life at that point
while his son is starting his life off
so it's it's really
a coming of old age story that a son is
a pianist and so he meets up with his
friends college friends or soon-to-be
college friends and they're all like
they're like where do we do the social
justice thing and he's like he's like
ashamed I remember when I was youthful
and I cared about the world and the
girls like what you you run a non-profit
that's so great you know what do you
undo and he's like it's like just you
know what here's my advice to you just
make a whole bunch of money and then and
then she basically tells them that you
are you are not starving in a
third-world country you have so much
white privilege you are misguided in in
your life's goals you are pathetic and
and so there's a nice little twist there
and and it feels cliche it feels like it
would be but it was fairly engaging and
I think it was the way he was talking
because he was like running these
monologues about how he he kind of like
secretly hoped his son wouldn't be
successful because then he would be like
jealous of his own son and kind of like
the the weird thoughts people have about
life in general and it worked it was
cute and it was pretty smartly written
and enjoyable and I actually like button
Stiller it's not a movie that I would
recommend to anyone though
daddy I'm some kind of nervous breakdown
or something
you
speaking of of someone flipping through
facebook and looking at pictures of
people's lives and how happy and ever a
successful everyone else is and how
miserable they are let's talk about our
next film J star wars the last Jedi oh
no that's just real life where people
flip through social media and just yell
at each other about their opinions on
Star Wars endlessly all day every day
let me rewrite the last Jedi here's my
script
that's how movies should be made they
you say to the audience Disney can say
hey what do you want to see and then
someone submits their idea and then they
make it and then 500 million other
people say that that's wrong so then
they have to make it again so I think
from now on Disney's just going to be
remaking the last Jedi for every
individual who wants you know to see
specific things in it
it's called crowd screenwriting and then
everybody has their own version of the
last Jedi and everyone's happy but no
one's happy I kid I am of course I'm
talking about anger it goes west Oh was
I supposed to say it
this is a film starring Aubrey Plaza the
first time I've seen her in a movie
where she was actually used
appropriately I wanted to say that
because what were those movements she
did the Mike and Dave need wedding dates
which was awful and then she did the
dirty grandpa movie which was awful and
through that and in both cases because
like she's perfectly cast Parks and Rec
as April Ludgate I wanted to make fun of
stupid people while I get drunk my two
true passions I'm like it let she's
perfect for that character I want to say
there's a story behind that where where
she wasn't supposed to be on the show
and like Amy Poehler like she was like
an intern helping with like the casting
process and she was just like this
miserable it was just her personality
yeah and and Amy Poehler or some
producer was like you're just like like
a miserable awful person you should play
a character on the show okay well that
makes that and I think that's how she
got into acting that I why I don't know
she did comedy like she's a comedian too
okay
but that would make sense yeah because
she's absolutely perfect for that part
but then she's in these stupid like like
boner comedies and she's playing like
like the sexy slutty girl and it's like
that's not her at all you know which
isn't a comment on her physical
appearance but just like her general
like personality right where it doesn't
match that yeah that type of character
is sardonic yeah I'm miserable and and
it's it's it's her face - she has that
like she's a little RBF and her playing
an obsessive crazy person is perfect yes
she's fantastic in this movie I I don't
know how you feel I like this movie a
lot what I said was it's the scariest
movie I've seen all year and it's not
even a horror film it's true this is the
first movie I've seen that really
tackles because it's about she kind of
gets obsessed with someone who's famous
on Instagram it's Elizabeth Olsen yeah
Scarlet Witch in the Avengers movies
right we have to mention the Avengers we
have to mention something comic book
related some people watch the video
check out our Avengers recap also with
other films mentioned but yeah and it's
the first one we have seen that really
captures the kind of psychology of like
a parasocial relationship which is
that one-sided relationship where you
you follow someone on Instagram or
Twitter or whatever and you feel like
they're your friend even though they
don't know you fucking exists without
the scary scary world's yeah when it
comes to that stuff and without making
it goofy yes well it could be as a movie
we'll talk about later on our lists wish
upon there's a way to do a movie that
where it's it's clearly written by like
an older person that's trying says like
act like they understand younger people
or younger trends this movie feels very
believable and of its time in the way it
deals with those aspects of social media
yeah I mean the I mean Aubree plaza
she's following Elizabeth Olsen's
Instagram her character's name is Taylor
something yeah I remember but um and
those those like fast cutting montages
of the Instagram world you're just like
perfectly done like beautiful day today
you know eating this thing hashtag like
life is great and it would be very easy
to make the elizabeth Olsen character
really one-dimensional and shallow yes
and and both her and Aubrey Plaza they
they flush them out and make them
believable people and you kind of
understand even though the situation is
terrifying and horrible you understand
both of their kind of mentalities yeah
yeah you could make elizabeth Olsen when
she finally meets up with her she's not
just like like oh I'm a perfect person
on Instagram or whatever and in real
life I'm just like this miserable bitch
you know she's like very friendly
towards her and everything's normal and
she's not a horrible person they become
friends and you know you you get a
little bit of the phone enos but it's
not it's not done to like a very
two-dimensional level it's very
realistic feeling yeah almost feels
mumble korish
but my only flaw is that her brother was
a little cartoony and she probably would
have called the police after someone
kidnapped him in a van oh yeah I'm beat
him that's true that goes a little too
extreme right but I did really like
special shout out to Audrey plazas
landlord slash boyfriend
ah shoot it was an accident okay
anything else I need to know about angry
we might have done all of your cookies
that we found a note thank you guys
thank you but he's played by Ice Cube
son and he also played Ice Cube in the
straight on a company movie which he's
fine and mad but in this movie I was
like this guy's this guy's got something
like he's very charismatic and it's a
very unconventional character to write
he's that's another character that could
be kind of a one-dimensional character
but it like it here's a psych obsession
with Batman yeah and he's just really
like charming like I would like to see a
movie star II know you could play off
with stereotypes of all three of these
characters and make them one-dimensional
like you know the he's he's like smoking
the not pot but he's smoking though what
do they call those e-cigarettes or
cherry vapes
he's vaping he's vaping and he's like
he's like yeah it's 420 friendly here
you know but no pets and you know you
could be but doesn't like to say he has
that added layer of he wants to be a
screenwriter he loves Batman um she's
supposed to come back to read for
Catwoman and crashes his truck and he's
very odd is very odd sex scene with her
dressed up as Catwoman yes but so yeah
there's it's not like full-on like like
taxi driver serious when it comes to
dealing with with the mentally insane
person but and so there's little moments
of levity and a little kind of like
sitcom II kind of elements in there but
the overall picture is more realistic
and and like you said the the
relationship between follower and
Instagrammer and the psychology of how
that can affect you like on both sides
like an Elizabeth Olsen like you know
there's like a pressure to kind of keep
posting photos and keeping up this
facade and then on the other applause
aside of yeah just wanting to achieve
what is essentially fake yeah and then
there's there's a moment when she said
like I know something's wrong with me
but I don't know what to do about it
where it was like this little nice
moment where you kind of realized that
she isn't just like crazy haha look at
how crazy she is she's stalking someone
isn't that funny and it's it's really
entertaining and it
go the way you expect and then at the
end the end is when it hits you with the
message real strong I can take a moment
to talk about some Apes
talk about them apes and that planet
that's full of home we are not savages
I fight only to survive no you saw the
first two Planet of the Apes movies in
history you liked them I remember that
James Franco had an ape in his attic
James Franco said if you don't want to
be in the movies anymore and the next
one they were in the woods that's all I
remember
that there was a character named Little
Caesar yes Julia that's Caesar is the
focus of this entire trilogy and this
this is the conclusion to his arc and
it's a fan fantastic movie I liked it
the previous two I think they've gotten
increasingly better and this one I'm
gonna say I liked it so much it's up
there with some of my favorites of the
year I'm sorry to be disrespectful let
me show you how much I care with my body
language okay well the problem with this
series of movies is that the titles for
every single one of them is fucking
wrong dawn of the Planet of the Apes
should have been called Rise of the
Planet of the Apes Rise of the Planet of
the Apes should have been called dawn of
the Planet of the Apes and then this
movies called war of the Planet of the
Apes and there's no war this is not a
war movie it's not an action movie it's
actually really really like somber and
really it's more of like a prison-break
movie than anything and these monkeys
they got to break these monkeys free and
it's goddamn fantastic it has this tone
that a lot of big movies don't have
which is that it's a big kind of
spectacular premise but it takes itself
seriously enough and it doesn't feel
stupid it's clever and it's well-made
and and we're lacking that like these
big spectacle movies where the effects
are kind of the focus which I mean this
entire movie it's a bunch of CG Apes and
you believe it every step of the way I
like I like Caesar as a character it's
crazy he's completely you know it's Andy
Serkis he's completely CG
and he's just such a like compelling
interesting character I remember all
that being very good it's a subtlety
yeah and that'sthat's amped up more in
this like that's the main focus of the
movie and just the idea the themes of
like at this point this this kind of war
between humans and apes has been going
on so long that the people that kind of
started it aren't even around anymore
they're all dead but we still are
fighting each other sure you know the
themes of that and how that kind of
reflects in our world it's it's it's a
wonderful movie yeah I'm sure there's
lots of allegorical stuff I'm sure
there's lots of really great
performances and writing and depth of
characters in action and all the things
you want from a movie but I just don't
care
yeah the first two films I remember
liking them and I'm sure people will
comment you you don't want to watch that
but you watched repress accrual that you
looked at I don't know maybe I find
dinosaurs a little more interesting it's
it's weird that personal taste is like a
thing that exists it is it is however
can I just comment on the upcoming year
the trailer for the next Jurassic oh my
I thought the trailer was a joke how
I've never looked at my watch during a
trailer and it was like we got to go
back to the island
again there are those are dinosaurs
there again what do we do do we just let
them die out or do we go and fuck around
with them again because a whole shitload
of people got killed before for no
reason let's all go and then and then
it's just like scenes of like just
random dinosaurs running around yeah
like lava flying in the air and I'm like
now this looks bad
speaking of checking your watch during a
trailer have you seen the trailer for a
Slender Man
I have not I watched the first minute of
it and I was like I'm done was it
illegal I don't think it is no it's a
Sony movie it's like a two minute
trailer and I couldn't even sit through
it I think I've had enough
what's our next film a lot of my films
that I'd like to talk about are scary
films well let's talk about a scary film
I guess one film that wasn't really very
scary it was more disturbing was called
the Belko experiment your chance of
survival increases by following my
orders your task is simply this kill
three of your co-workers or we will kill
six others okay all of us dead I like
movies where people are trapped in a
hopeless situation and have to figure a
way out and I like movies where people's
heads explode
yes violence that's so so extreme and
disturbing that you want to throw up
well I predicted this movie before I saw
it I saw the trailer threatened by James
Gunn who I am a big fan really oh yeah
the old script of his right it was like
a script that he had lying around that
he it didn't get made for years but now
he has some clouds so like what else do
you got James Gunn so it was a script
written by him and it's directed by an
Australian guy can't remember his name
but he directed The Wolf Creek movies
which are like torture porn ish save
just lots of people being hacked apart
type movies without any sort of wit or
intelligence and so I saw the trailer
for Belko experiment I saw those two
names and is like this is gonna be a
tonal mess this is gonna be like I can
picture what it would be if James Gunn
directed it because he is pretty adept
at shifting between tones in a way that
actually works and is like oh but it's
being directed by a guy who's tone-deaf
and so that's kind of what I was isn't
our right movie I mean I like the I like
the idea
the the premise was creepy and just sort
of like the whole way that everyone just
turns on each other I like movies like
that yeah kind of a weird ending I don't
know I thought it was good it was it was
different there's actually another movie
that came out this last year with like
the exact same premise not exact same
premise but similar which is called
mayhem
oh my favorite time the star was the
last Jedi
what the hell is going on say hello to
the ID 7 virus mayhem is another movie
about people in an office building going
crazy and murdering each other but
unlike the Belko experiment it really
embraces the absurdity of it and it's a
lot more comedic as a result of it just
like because everybody's losing their
minds and it's directed with a lot more
kind of energy to it and a more of a
knowing sense of humor yeah which I'm
assuming that James Gunn's script for
Belko experiment adds and that kind of
got lost in translation with a different
director yeah I think I wouldn't I like
the Belko experiment because it remained
grounded and and I think I've never seen
the Saw movies and and generally the
torture porn movies don't appeal to me I
just don't like it I like more of when
characters have to make rational choices
to escape a conflict or a problem if you
know what I mean like there's the part
there's many parts but there there's the
idea that the the voice that comes
through the speakers is going to execute
20 people unless you kill 10 yourselves
or whatever the whatever yeah they give
you a moral dilemma
moral dilemma and then they and then you
know the one guy's like okay well round
up who's older than 55 and then it's
like okay that then and it's like almost
becomes that that really dark goes to
the dark psychological place of the
brain yeah and III I'd like that in I
don't like the gore and I like the
torture but I like when you have to go
to that that dark place in your brain
and when people are forced to everyday
people so I think that's what I liked
about the movie
at the end of the day people are out for
themselves a lot of the gore and stuff
started to make me sick
well that's where I think the James Gunn
touch would have helped because the gore
probably would have been handled in a
way where you're almost laughing at it a
bit more yeah as opposed to we have this
this dark psychological concept and
we're gonna you know round up these
people and kill them and it's just like
so intense and it never has that release
in the way that I think it maybe would
have in the hands of a different
filmmaker so it makes the gore feel even
more kind of sickening right now which I
mean you know there are people that are
into that too but to me I think the
movie definitely needed a lighter touch
in certain aspects of it not the
psychological stuff but more than
visceral stuff either either go full-on
full-on like psychological horror with
no jokes that's where the James Gunn
joke sort of threw me out of it
sure I was like take this subject matter
very seriously or make you know Dead
Alive yeah you're not I mean mayhem
falls closer to the dead alive territory
and it works in that respect I think I
like mayhem more than Belko experiment I
like them both to a certain extent but
mayhem I think just for my kind of
personal taste the the fact that it
embraces the absurdity kind of appealed
to me more
okay let's talk about a film starring
Anne Hathway that's not terrible lhasa
alright it's this nervous tic I have
negative a colossal was a surprise to be
I really really liked it the most
surprising thing about it was how much I
liked Jason sudakis in it because he's
like Sarah nightlife guy and he's the
most boring person ever but I he really
left an impression in this movie once he
you know his character has kind of a
turn at a certain point and it's really
convincing and he's really really great
and I've heard some people complain
about after that turn that it feels
almost out of character or out of place
or comes out of nowhere but if you go
back and re-watch the movie it's there
all along he's playing the the like
phony nice the nice guy and I think he
doesn't really great really convincing
yeah the biggest problem for me with
colossal is that the entire time I was
watching it I was thinking how much
better the lead character would have
been if it was played not by Anne
Hathaway but by Gillian Jacobs yeah well
I thought the film worked without the
premise of I'm controlling a giant
monster but I mean that's the hook and
and that's I think that's why it's on
the list this year movies to talk about
because the premise is just sort of so
darn odd it's very odd and I liked I
almost wish that they didn't explain it
that would require tons of rewrites
because I was like okay it's yeah
there's the flashback to explain why she
suddenly is now in control of a giant
caillou monster across the world because
about her emotional response to him
throwing her toy into the river
beam of light from space yeah for the
power it ties in with the the character
stuff between her and Jason Sudeikis so
I get that there's certain things in
movies or you kind of need some
backstory need some explanation but this
I think it actually would have worked
better if it's just just complete
metaphor and it was never explained it's
like that that felt like someone
put that in there because you have this
movie with these two bigger stars and
you can't just have weird shit like that
that's some kind of but yeah it's
obviously metaphorical yeah I hit you
over the head kind of metaphorical and
with the but but you're right or not
you're but people are right about the
Jason Sudeikis character and generally
the shifts because it starts off and has
this kind of like wacky fun tone to it
and then it goes to dark places rather
quickly and and it was just so bizarre
but it was entertaining yeah well
there's a scene with Jason Sudeikis when
he holding out the fireworks
where I was just like riveted yeah it's
like oh this is this generic Senate live
guy that I've never given a shit about
and he is captivating in this scene mmm
so I I even even without the the kind of
goofy kaiju monster stuff like I think
it's worth seeing just for him oh yeah
but I did like all that stuff - I liked
the slow realization that she's in
control of this giant monster I like the
design of the monster it's a little
silly and her kind of watching on TV and
realizing what's going on just the
entire the entire set up so unique yeah
that it keeps you engaged it's the
discovery phase of what's happening yeah
like the you know like everyone's like
yeah who's that monster attack on TV
less than what once that's in place it
gets a little less interesting it's kind
of like the superhero origin story
Goblin
it's like the first half of the movie is
done discovering their yeah their
superpowers and then oh and then we got
to fight an evil bad guy it kind of
falls into that align it it's a hard one
it's a hard one to completely get behind
or nail down because it could go in so
many different directions the direction
that they chose worked for the most part
although it made you a little
uncomfortable and and took you out of it
how basically fucked up and disturbing
and misogynistic and evil jason sudeikis
his character was like he turned into a
real monster it's a movie I could see a
lot of people just going
that's socked
because it can't put it in a box you
can't put it on it cannot be contained
and into a nice neat package yeah which
is like how do you market this movie or
where where did this come from like yeah
it's a romantic comedy it's a monster
movie it's a movie about abuse about
alcohol abuse and light emotional abuse
emotional abuse about I think that's why
I liked it so much is it it's it's nice
to see something but mm-hmm
you can't easily categorize yeah you
know it's a movie like that Star Wars
the last Jedi it's it with that I mean
that was a very hard to market film it's
like how do you get people in the
theater to watch a film basically they
don't really know anything about they've
got their work cut out for them
but speaking of highly recommended
movies now we can talk about a film
we've both seen together on that we both
will highly recommend and it's called
wish upon the funniest movie of 2017 I
cannot say enough enough great things
about what I wish
Darcy Chapman it is up there
to me it's up there with the room the
troll - it's up there with some of the
bus I don't think I would drink it that
high but it is really funny and this is
a case of like we were talking about
with Ingrid goes West and how accurately
that depicts kind of social media and
younger people in the way they interact
with social media this is a movie that's
written by a fucking 50 year old dude
trying to write teenagers the the main
girl is interest she has like a
fascination with multiverses and so her
love interest is like yo bro you're into
multiverses - and it's just like the
double should okay J you're getting real
specific right off the bat I'm sure
you've seen the trailer for this it's
it's the wishmaster without the
wishmaster right it's just a box girl
girl finds magic wish box or rather her
father played by Ryan fiddle at B he
finds in a dumpster and that's where
they found Ryan Philippi to be in the
movie yes even uh there's so many
wonderful things and J that's why I put
this up there with with some of the best
B movies of all time because there are
so many bad things you could say like
you know some of those horrible horror
movies we watch that are bad yeah
they're bad this there's it's so nuanced
there's a specific odd thing there's
lots of specific odd things that I can't
even get into all of them now right her
dad is a garbage picker yes that's his
job I mean it starts off with her mom
killing herself she throws the wish box
in the trash
the girl in the beginning of the film
the girls riding on her bike and it's a
happy lovely day she even has a puppy
and it's sunshine and and and and
beautiful golden light and there's a
puppy riding with her and you're like oh
no the girl's gonna die they're gonna
hit by our car and then the mom dies by
killing herself because the the wish box
told her to or something and then the
girl throws her bike in the front lawn
and runs upstairs cut to ten years later
we do a dissolve the bike is still in
the exact same spot and years later to
let you know it's the same house I mean
I think it needs to go through this
movie oh my god is that bad and it's
that fascinating and how incompetent and
and horribly executed and and
ill-advised and and have every every
descriptive word you could possibly
think of she has the wish box and the
the plotting is so nonsensical and then
she's like I've got this Chinese wish
box let me go seek out my Chinese friend
who says I don't know about ancient
Chinese but my cool hip Chinese sister
who lives in a warehouse with like
hipster stuff all over knows about
Chinese the sister falls on like like
the horn of a goat statute
oh yeah there's there's like final
destination esque death set pieces
there's the one with sherilyn fenn from
Twin Peaks who shows up in this movie
she has extremely long hair it's like a
be careful what you wish for kind of
thing she won the whole premises she can
make a wish it's like a monkey's paw
thing like you make a wish but then
someone you know will die right isn't
that the idea and and often it's a
character that's unrelated yeah yeah it
has nothing to do with anything it's
just somebody that you know somebody
that the movie knows put it that way
her rich uncle slips in the bathtub and
hits his head then they inherit his
fortune
but even though they've inherited his
fortune and have a mansion
Ryan Philippi still cannot resist the
urge to garbage pick dad I thought you
would stop garbage picking I just can't
help myself lucky millionaires I found
these great curtain rods
um and then doesn't he want to be a
musician too he used to be a musician
and then she's so embarrassed that her
dad is picking through dumpsters right
outside of her high school actually uses
the wish box to wish that her dad was
cool cut - Ryan Philippi like in dad
jeans playing a saxophone her and her
friends are like oh you know yeah what a
dreamboat he's so cool and he's yeah
when he's a garbage picker does he have
like a comically fake beard yeah bad so
then he doesn't have the they peeled off
the paper oh yeah and suddenly like jazz
musicians or his friends this movie is
so bad that it's good it was directed by
I think a guy who's mostly known for
being a DP yes he's done like all the
James Wan movies and I did the first
Annabelle I think yeah he's like an
elderly man yeah and so and you have a
girl who's like sixteen in the lead and
all her friends and oh and and the
screenwriter is an elderly black woman
okay because I looked up who wrote
I'm like who wrote this because there
are lines that sound like Tommy Wiseau
wrote them and yeah coming from teenage
kids and it's old lady and and so I'm
not elderly shaming here but you have
people that are making this movie that
that don't seem to be quite connected
yeah with with the youth and I remember
we were watching it it's like every five
minutes there's a what yeah moment
what's why is this happening
yeah and and there's like there's one of
the girl characters has sort of like
like a Pokemon cat oh yeah and and she's
like I missed all this terror that's
going on she's like they're like a hotel
yes I know I know there's some rough
shit going on but I got to go upstairs
and catch this I go to the top floor of
this hotel with with the open atrium and
glass elevator I'm gonna play this it's
it's not a Pokemon but it's like a
monster yeah but when it's on Pokemon go
basically yeah it's the version of that
but it's like okay yeah this like this
like a ssin girl in high school isn't
gonna do the Pokemon go thing like it
doesn't make sense yeah it although all
the characters actions and all their
lines are so and that it's amazing
one of my favorites of the year so
everyone go out tonight run the movie
tonight I want to see a news story on
cnn.com digital sales for wish upon went
from three to three million overnight
nobody can explain it
well Jay we certainly have a lot of
movies to recap in 2017 and we've been
talking for a very long time why aren't
we split it into videos we'll see you
next time
fuck you
