Sep 5, 2018
2018 Catch-Up (part 1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbJVd5C8OU0
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1037416836952981504
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155872818547634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-2018-catch-up-part-1-of-2

Half in the bag.
Send more Nukie tapes.
well J here we are it's a new month
September 2018 this is true a lot of
movies came out this year that we saw
that we did not cover on our our program
called half in the back yeah I we
usually save these ketchups for a little
later in the year
sometimes even going into early the next
year but I don't want to see that happy
time murders so let's just do this so
what did you see this here uh I saw a
whole bunch of films J as did I I
noticed you know I have a nice list made
up I've got it on a clipboard I have it
all organized and yours is on a crumpled
up wet piece of paper well let's start
at the beginning
I saw Winchester I feel a presence how
was Helen Mirren in that I bet she's
given a very meaty role Helen Mirren is
a classy lady she did a great job in the
film oh this film I was surprised by how
untellable it was Wow it wasn't good but
this is the new review standard antara
below
I don't know if that's a word but it is
now okay cuz it's so real quick
Winchester lady Winchester the old lady
it's an interesting story I would like
to see a movie about that story well
there is no story
I mean there is Ghost Adventures what
went to the Winchester Mystery House
which is horse seat which is in
California the old lady lady Winchester
she was notorious for being crazy she
thought if you took a photograph of her
who would steal her soul so there's one
secret photograph of her as unlike a
horse and carriage and there's some ones
in the bushes you could see her that's
the only photograph that exists of her
okay so she felt extreme guilt because
her family made a fortune selling the
Winchester firearms so many people got
shot and killed by Winchester rifles she
felt like their ghosts were haunting her
so she started building a mansion and
then kept adding rooms to it and it's
like a hundred thousand square feet and
there's just stairwells that go nowhere
and it was meant to confuse spirits that
were in the house and then I saw the
trailer and you know I thought the movie
explosions and they have a part where
she flies against the wall with the
demon and it's fictionalized and I
watched it and it was really boring it's
really boring and I was like I'm
surprised at how boring this is they
didn't have jump scares every five
minutes no Jason Clark was like an
alcoholic writer I think and he was like
a junkie writer and he's like they they
want him to come and write something I
guess it's like the shiny where's like
an alcoholic writers yeah yeah kind of
and he shows up and there's this little
boy there and the little boy gets
possessed occasionally and walks on the
roof of the Winchester house and get
back in your room and so this this story
isn't about lady Winchester going crazy
and the house construction that's all
after it's not like a like a biopic
let's see that would be that would be
initially more interesting but you know
and then I was like this is really dull
and this is not like going over the top
conjuring style so I was surprised by
its restraint in in crap and I was
surprised that it's untellable 'no still
was not good so never watch this movie
uh well I saw I think you just recently
saw a Deadpool - I did not watch that
pool you did not watch that pool - I
chose to watch a different film okay
that was much better
we're gonna form a super duper fuckin
group meet him topic morally flexible
and young enough to carry their own
franchise pretended to
well well here's the deal with Deadpool
- yeah it's completely fine it is
exactly what you would expect from a
sequel to Deadpool which is kind of the
problem I know a lot of people like it
it's the same humor it's done the exact
same style is the first one and for me
that's what made it so uninteresting
because the thing that made the first
Deadpool like I didn't really actually
care for the sense of humor in the movie
but I appreciated the you know the kind
of spirit of it and the it felt fresh
amongst all the comic book movies
because it was kind of you know taking
the piss out of them and doing its own
thing a little meta - yeah and it was
meta as doing the you know the fourth
wall breaking stuff
and so the sequel is just kind of more
of the same and that's fine but it felt
like the safest sequel possible to a
movie that didn't feel terribly safe
like the first Deadpool they were taking
a chance on it it was all rated it was
you know it has this kind of anarchic
spirit to it and this one is just more
the same I know I bring up gremlins too
a lot but doing something more like that
where you're actually making the movie
about the fact that it's a sequel it's a
Deadpool like I think you could do more
with that Joe Dante genius gremlins -
it's the best sequel ever made
oh my god I have my fucking eyeball oh
why do we have gremlins two hands ha
that's right
and speaking of gremlins - the new batch
we own - gremlin arms from actual film
yeah we're done talking about Deadpool -
because it's completely uninteresting
and we're just gonna point out that we
now own props you than gremlins - it
smells like Zack Galligan how do you
know it's that Galligan smells like
don't ask
Deadpool - yeah yeah did at least make
you laugh
no Deadpool - did it make me laugh a
couple times it actually had one moment
that made me laugh harder than anything
in the first movie so there's that okay
it's the sequence it's in the trailer
you see when everybody's jumping out of
the plane it's the follow-up to what
happens after they jump out of the plane
so yeah that's really funny and that was
it it's it's a fine sequel it was just
it like I said it just felt very kind of
like safe and rehashed it lives up to
the hype plus plus okay they probably
won't even make it three yeah why would
they but speaking of safe and rehashed
let's talk about what I did watch
Mission Impossible fall out your mission
should you choose to accept it some
people are calling that like the best
action movie since Mad Max fury road I
haven't seen it it was very very good
and this one this one was was different
in it felt like it took kind of like a
step backwards because now when you
think I like Mission Impossible movies
you think of like computers and like I
digitized scanning and like you know the
satellites and all this like futuristic
technology this one kind of felt a
little retro a little classic spy kind
of stuff because they had like had like
the little top-secret file and they had
like a dossiers on people with their
photos and he says paper yes holographic
image exactly see that's what you're
thinking that's what you think you'd see
in 2018 but it was real kind of like you
know double crossings and the spies
meeting and in smoky alleys and we're
gonna do the exchange and I mean and the
plot was was fairly simple but yeah
there there is a reason why people are
saying it's one of the best action
movies and and it's weird because in
this day and age it kind of it feels
like out of place a little because after
watching something like you watch like
infinity war right now I mean everyone
has a green screen all the time yeah
everything so manipulated later
digitally yeah and this it feels almost
like a documentary film because Tom
Cruise apparently does not have a stunt
double
oh yeah that's this thing with every
movie yeah what's he gonna climb or hang
on to this time and that's a little bit
of this felt like that it feels like
because in the credits which I don't
know if I've seen in the previous films
that says a Tom Cruise production so
he's an official producer and there's a
couple of scenes where he acts there's
like animals like like it's it's like
what are you doing yeah you
double-crossing me we got the goods on
you like it's acting like that yeah it's
not like acting like oh you know there's
an emotion it's not him crying over the
death of his father and Magnolia
right where he has to clench his hand to
get the the tears out because he's not a
great actor well there yeah there's a
little emotional scene at the end but
for the most part it feels like Tom
Cruise is obviously a very wealthy man
and these are these are his adventures
it's like watch me mountain climb yeah
well their vanity projects in the way
that like the best of the worst movies
are but he actually has a budget you do
cool things yeah
so it's like he's like he's like a
billionaire adventurer now who films his
adventures and you watch them and he
gets paid for it I really want to hang
off a helicopter yeah but when you see
stuff like that I mean I'm assuming they
painted our wires here or there but he's
he's actually hanging underneath the
helicopter and they've got the camera
rig under there and you could tell it's
a real camera rig because there's just
like wide angle lens on that looks you
know a little unsentimental underneath a
helicopter but you know it's real yeah I
think people are coming back around even
general audiences because obviously we
pay attention to like oh this all just
looks like a phony action scene yeah but
I think like now we've shown that you
can do anything with computers and
people are starting to get bored by that
and they're coming back around to
wanting to see I mean that's why the
some every Mission Impossible movie like
that's the selling point of all of them
is yeah watch Tom Cruise do this thing
right so I think people are starting to
get sick of it
I mean with the Avengers or something
you have to do that because you know
fantasies fantasy it's science fiction
II but uh as far as like regular action
movies yeah I think people are are
starting to get more interested in that
type of stuff again right it is sort of
watched Tom Cruise climb on this thing
or about this thing and you know there
was a fight scene at the end when he's
fighting the bad guy Henry Cavill
and there's some oh and his mustache the
infamous mustache is the infamous must
have it and there's some helicopters
falling off a cliff and hanging down a
gorge and kind of stuff like that where
it's you know it's not real yeah with
action movies action movies like yeah
like equalizer I think got bad reviews
but was popular with with the crowds
yeah people like those John wick movies
I mean there's a great there's some but
Mike let me ask you how does it stand
against the mummy
then what same writer is it really
Christopher McQuarrie did he write The
Mummy oh god how embarrassing but that
was an Alex Kurtzman production Oh
so Alex Kurtzman probably rewrote the
script he said can we make it more
Dumberer yeah I don't quite understand
what's happening in your script can you
can you make it make it dumber
I don't know why it sounds like Trump la
alex kurtzman hands like Tom Cruise's
he's like I rewrote it and Tom Cruise
looks at it and it's like cram you know
Alex this is great this is great my Tom
Cruise it sounds like Trump - I don't
know what I can't do any of the
precedence Alex what you've done here is
great I hang on to the to the blade of
the helicopter you mean you mean the
bottom part right I thought it would be
cool Tom if you hung onto the blade and
just spun around real fast like that cat
video on the Internet can only do on my
own stunts Alex right I know Tom it'll
be great what you let go before it
really starts spending you know when a
helicopter starts it starts to spin in a
little slowly you you really want me to
do this we'll have a wire on yeah
that's it another Mission Impossible
movie to add to my list of Mission
Impossible movies I haven't seen which
is all of them well I always hear
yelling at us to talk about Mission
Impossible so I did and the end Deadpool
yeah you saw one I saw the other there
that's enough we're done with this crap
shut up well now let's talk about a
movie that nobody's asked us to talk
about although maybe they should have
it's called thoroughbreds
but J while we talk about thoroughbreds
I want to mention two other films
because I noticed three films that have
seen this year all fall into a separate
niche category called young people
committing crimes oh I think this is
called reality it seems to be a sub sub
sub genre this year okay what else you
got thoroughbreds Flower & American
animals now let's talk about
thoroughbreds first sure we have a
business proposition for you
I really like thoroughbreds it's it's
kind of I think there's a lot of movies
this year where it's like they're really
good but they're just missing that that
spark that thing to really make them
great because I kept seeing this movie
compared to like spark that'll light the
fire I was at a Star Wars the last Jedi
reference to take out the resistance
remember Star Wars the last Jedi the
spark that'll light the fire I don't
know you there's the fact that you even
mentioned that movie means there's 15
articles written about us now I'm
sending you to boarding school but
anyway no thoroughbreds I kept seeing on
the marketing for it it being compared
to Heather's as being like a dark comedy
and I didn't really get that like like
Heather's as is a dark comedy but it's a
it's very overtly a comedy and
thoroughbreds the two characters the
teaming actresses are both really good
and they have some kind of sarcastic
comments back and forth to each other
but there's a lot more kind of colds and
dark I thought than Heather's but it's
really like what keeps it interesting is
those two performances it's Olivia Clark
from Bates Motel she was great on that
show and then the witch girl whatever
her name is she's then split the split
girl the split girl and they were both
really fantastic in it but yeah I really
liked the Anna Taylor joy Anna Taylor
joy and let us not forget the late great
Anton Yelchin thanks and I think it's
this final film this final movie the
movies dedicated to him and yeah I
wanted to mention that because it's like
he shows up you know it's it's mostly
focused on these two girls but they go
to a party at one point and Anton
Yelchin is there and you know the
cameras pan around the party it lands on
Anton Yelchin and you're like just
immediately he like jumps off the screen
you're like this guy's so fucking good
because the movie itself like there's
some of it that maybe was supposed to
come off as dark comedy but to me it's a
lot of the stuff with his character
where he's so like he's trying to be
like you know he's like an older dude
that hangs out with all these younger
people and tries to sell him drug and
he's just so pathetic and he's so
pathetic and then these two girls
the plot is that they want to kill one
of the girls stepdad
and so they kind of blackmail Anton
Yelchin into doing it and the scenes
where they're blackmailing him is Lia
and he's just so he's his character so
pathetic and they're like blackmailing
him to do it like they beat him over the
head with a lamp and he's like in the
bathtub and he's just so pathetic that I
couldn't even find it funny it just and
maybe it's just the knowledge that he's
dead now to that affected it but all
those scenes just really made me sad
yeah such a such a terrible terrible
loss
and I say that nan sarcastically ya know
and like I said every scene he's in in
this movie even though all the
performances are great he just he just
really steals it mm-hmm
he's the spark that'll light the fire
no that's Star Trek here's what he was
in oh right right yeah there are
thoroughbreds uh you know just kind of
you know disturbing ending well I love
that the the climax of the movie takes
place off-camera it's like well we don't
wanna get too much into spoilers but you
know one character is asleep and the
camera just holds on that person and you
hear the climax of the movie everything
that the movies been leading up to
off-camera I thought that was really
great yeah I mean it's a it's it's a
performance movie yeah those three
actors you know hold your attention I
mean there's not a whole lot of like
crazy shit that's going on and it's you
know it's a super simple story it's it's
it's a I think my sub genre is a
coming-of-age crime movie okay because
with the next two films we're gonna talk
about there are young people that are
kind of just becoming adults but for
some reason feel this compulsion to
commit a heinous crime right and and and
it affects their lives for good or bad
ya know mostly bad and in the case of
this movie and thoroughbreds one of them
is like a sociopath which is interesting
but yeah yeah we won't say any more
thoroughbreds is on our recommendation
list very good very simple it's it's
hard to to talk about with get well
spoiling too much of it just because it
is so focused and but I liked the the
kind of mannered
camera work it's very restrained really
well done and I like to score a lot too
it's very eclectic we're keeping this by
the way but then let's let's go quickly
into flour did you see flour I don't
know what this is I haven't even heard
of it
so Erica you must be psyched to have an
older brother type in the house flour
stars Zoey dirt Tim oh that's Lea
Thompson's daughter
well explains why she looks like Lea
Thompson there you go
the premise is the girl main girl her
some stepbrother somebody comes out of
rehab and lives with her it's like this
this fat kid he he's like weirdo he was
on drugs and he claims that his former
teacher played by Adam Scott molested
him let's get this guy so they couldn't
cock this plan to get revenge on Adam
Scott
spoilers if you want to watch flower
ignore this move on they accidentally
kill Adam Scott but it turns out the kid
was lying
Adam Scott never molested him he made up
the whole story and so Adam Scott was a
sport victim who gets killed and then
instead of getting caught and atoning
for her crimes she falls in love with
the fat kid and they run away together
and then she does like six weeks in
prison and then is out and it's never
punished for her crime and then it's a
happy ending and it's just fucking awful
from what I recall this movie's a stink
ball oh okay it's a big pile of
horseshit
I can't it's been a while since I've
seen it an oddly happy ending oh god
where nobody learns a lesson where it
was like like crash worst ending ever
are you guys going to go buy some crack
you know throw down it's okay they're
not buying drugs Bob I get the joke
what's he said you had another one
that's the yes third one yeah a film
called American animals stars at the the
Winnie the Pooh movie that just came out
this library is home to the most
valuable book in the United States
starring Evan Peters Quicksilver quickly
well right yeah he also did 11 seasons
of American Horror Story oh I only know
him from that movie made by that
whoa-ohh
ironically his real life nickname is
Quicksilver yeah it's almost like it's a
true crime documentary the style of it
is is very different it's a story these
four guys in a college in Kentucky that
want to steal priceless book it's a book
of artwork and it's in there there there
are universities library in this vault
that's that's guarded by this librarian
and it's worth like 25 million dollars
the movie starts off and it says this is
not based on a true story and you're
like what the trailer told me it was and
then it's it erases some words and it
says this is a true story and so it
starts into it and mixed in with the
film is the actual guys and they're
interviewing them in the film they're
talking to camera and they're kind of
explaining things and then they show
it's almost like the movie itself is
like recreation yeah but then there's
even parts where they interact in the
movie with the characters okay um so
it's it's really like stylized and it
really has like a David Fincher quality
to it it kind of reminded me of the
social network mainly because of the
setting and like you know here's like a
real story of what happened at this
college and but the way it's shot and I
mean this this movie is it was probably
the best edited movie I've seen in a
long time
you I think you'll really enjoy it J
okay I don't want to give any spoilers
away about what happens in the film but
it's really interesting the way that
they present this this story is thinking
the only movie I can think of that also
kind of does that is there is the
American Splendor and Paul Giamatti know
that does that same thing so I mean I
even seen how it's executed in your
movie but where it's yeah there's it's
based on comic book artist Harvey Pekar
so sometimes he's really in it but then
in the recreations it's Paul Giamatti
okay I didn't they interact a little bit
okay kind of similar to that um
there's this part where this is one of
my favorite moments because I'm a fan of
the oceans movies the Pitt Clooney
movies yeah and did you see oceans eight
why not oh yeah where they imagine how
their heist goes and they play the Elvis
a little less conversation now
interaction and they're they're just
like suave and doing all these things
okay how high star portrayed in movies
and how it goes in real life and let's
just say things don't go well and it's
really interesting there was a really
interesting movie it was kind of
compelling and things and things don't
go well what happens to Bryan Singer
show up I said steel art not sure yours
checked
Oh golly I hope it gets some some
Academy Award nominations oh well like
Best Kiss best fight scene yeah a couple
of those categories the Oscars have
added oh yeah those are my favorite
categories coolest dragged off a
cigarette Rihanna in booty call three
cool is dis on a cell phone
Jason Statham in the transporter six old
girl say this to you bloke fuck off I'm
thankful forgetting the wolf of coolest
dish on a mobile phone I'm gonna take
this award and input it raw in the
basement
well speaking of true stories that are
completely fictionalized and some might
say complete bullshit I already talked
about Winchester I saw the devil and
father am worth at the time I directed
the film The Exorcist I had never seen
the real thing father Gabriela a morte
the Vatican Exorcist invited me to
witness an actual exorcism which i think
is on Netflix now but it's it's William
Friedkin one of the great American
directors French Connection The Exorcist
of course my favorite horror movie and I
was curious to see this because
booty-call - he did booty call - not
booty call 3.2 was much better on three
but but this movie falls under the
category of barely a movie it looks like
a DVD extra not even a blu-ray extra but
like a DVD special feature from like
2003 it's really cheap looking it's it's
supposedly William Friedkin was allowed
to videotape an actual exorcism because
clearly he has a connection to exorcisms
he directed the Exorcist so he goes to
Italy and he films ass exorcism and then
it's about him he talks about how
because it's a real thing where it's
like the Vatican has to grant exorcisms
it's still a thing and so he's in a room
filming this exorcism it looks like like
grandpa's home movies the person that's
being exorcised
she keeps like shouting things and they
very obviously manipulated her voice so
it sounds like a demon voice oh but they
never comment on it like if you're
trying to pass this off as real then
have William freaking like narrates it
have him say like we did not alter this
audio but they just don't comment on it
at all and it's like it's very clearly
phony so that was annoying wait though
is is it billed as a documentary yes
okay it's it's it you don't do that in
documentaries well I'm afraid can does
it because he's a confused elderly man
that's rule number one
but I think the idea is that it's
supposed to be real but it's so
obviously manipulated audio so that was
annoying and then the climax of the
movie is supposed to be Friedkin meeting
her at a church to discuss the situation
but near freaking has this voice-over
narration
where he's like now I didn't bring my
camera with me but let me tell you this
is what happens and you're like we're
just supposed to take his word for it
like she freaks out in the church and I
think she even like pushes him over or
something but this is just William
Friedkin same this happened now trust me
this is what happens it's just terrible
it makes it may be that zak bagans
documentary look like like an arrow
Morris movie or something just awful it
could have been a really interesting
kind of companion piece to the exorcists
but no well I kind of gave him a
compliment I said that he made a better
film than William Friedkin like that's
pretty amazing so just just a huge pile
of junk it sucks it's a shame because I
love Liam freaking but just terrible but
it's on Netflix so you can watch it for
free I would say I would want to watch
this out of morbid curiosity but I don't
even a further record demon house was
good I was spooked out at the end
there's a funny thing he kind of does
like an intro like a zak bagans II intro
I think it's I think he's in front of
the house that they shot The Exorcist at
and he walks into frame he's like I'm
William Friedkin that's like oh no I'm
William Friedkin everybody falls down
the stairs
well uh sorry ma I felt yeah J you
talked about William Friedkin's new film
The Devil Wears Prada the devil and
father am worth the devil in father and
father the devil
well J you talked about William
Friedkin's new film The Devil Wears
Prada yes and then you write you highly
referenced another film The Exorcist yes
let's talk about a film and try not to
reference another film okay you'll see
where I'm going with this let's talk
about Tully and I know you saw Tully I
did because you liked the director a
filmmaker uh yeah I didn't see you did a
movie before this come like Earth Day or
Labor Day or some sort of day I didn't
see that because it'll crap but uh I
follow us on twitter he's one of our
biggest fans that you know oh no I like
young adults which was the same writer
director and star so I saw it because I
liked all three of those their work they
did on young adults then did you like
Tully
I liked it until I didn't I thought it
was a good like I mean it was basically
just like man that Charlize Theron is
really good oh yeah she's such a great
actress so great what movie would I
compare it to I really don't know where
you're going to this it's essentially a
complete and utter remake of spoilers
Fight Club
oh okay I mean I guess so I mean that's
I would say I'd like to until I didn't
and that's when I didn't like it I mean
yeah I mean like oh I wasn't expecting I
mean I guess he could say it's a
positive what a movie goes where you
don't expect it but it's like did an
unsatisfactory way you're like oh I
figured it out about halfway through and
I was suspicious yeah I mean Fight Club
you've Edward Norton I was successful
he's he has all these things his life is
hollow yeah he's he's turned into the
person like he's supposed to be but his
alter ego you know Brad Pitt is the
anarchists fascist anarchist crazy guy
who wants to shake up the system
yeah bottom the credit card companies
and that's and Charlize Theron is is you
know she's burnt out as a mother and and
who she is on the inside is the Tully
character yeah it was that scene when
when when Tully is like you want me to
fuck your husband and I mean in
retrospect yeah and I'm lucky I guess
but I was also a movie I wasn't
expecting any sort of twists that was
just like this character driven things
so then that scene was sort of like what
and then does not really mentioned again
and I was like what and then the twist
happened I said oh yeah
I mean it's it's bordering on copyright
infringement
that's actually my club isn't the first
movie to do that kind of twist I mean if
you look at it masculine driven is Fight
Club and yeah I I'm I'm the boring guy
who goes on business trips and buys
couches from the store and sits in his
apartment I really want to punch other
men
yeah and then the the feminine version I
guess I guess probably called sexist the
feminine version is is you know she no
longer feels sexy anymore and there's
all this stuff like having kids is rough
on your body and her husband is just
playing video games in the bed and and
you know she's she's like I you're 20 is
you're alive and you feel great but then
your 30s come around the corner like a
garbage truck you know so it's sort of
like um it for men it's the the midlife
crisis and for women it's you know
becoming a mother and kind of changing
course and to her and her youthfulness
you know the the zest for life is embody
and the Tully character which is which
is our subconscious
so it's essentially the female version
of Fight Club except there's there's no
demolition of buildings at the yet no
that's in the deleted scenes completely
blameless thing a little sweet I really
liked it it kind of it kind of don't
want to say ruin the movie for me but I
was definitely less interested once it
got to that point up until then and even
after then I was like man that Charlize
Theron is really
oh yeah you could say it's a bit bit
contrived a bit corny but I liked it it
it strengthened her character I mean I
don't know not that I'm telling people
how to do their jobs but I think you
could have had that same arc with her
without where if she was an actual
person where it's just like oh you know
this younger person she seems like she's
free and having fun but Oh her life's a
mess too you know kind of take some
perspective on the same results I guess
let you have a little nice little twist
where again a lot of these films like
that stupid-ass flower movie where
you're just like yeah you know like
let's just get this over with
let's are like American animals it was
different yeah and and Tully well well
derivative of Fight Club had a fresh
take on that concept of person hitting
midlife feeling regretting things and
kind of feeling that inner inner change
or or whatever and how its expressed and
I don't work for me it wasn't the
greatest film I've ever seen that's the
Empire Strikes Back but you know I mean
totally never hung off like this thing
above like a giant abyss where a man in
a black robot suit said no I am your
father that moment didn't happen in
Tolley
but still has a great film
moving our
continued in part two
