Feb 18, 2018
Black Panther
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8kmzvqMEXI
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/965312197202251778
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155422781932634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-black-panther

Half in the bag.
I have so many problems.
I have to take so many pills for my problems.
it's a big and bold change of focus in
the Marvel Cinematic Universe Black
Panther pushes past many of the cliched
plot devices archetypes and formulas of
standard comic book blockbusters this
film is a giant middle finger to all
things authoritarian it's taken a decade
in 18 films but the Marvel Cinematic
Universe has finally produced a
superhero movie that feels like it was
ripped from the pages of a comic book
after 18 films finally they did it black
panther is one of the best superhero
movies of the century
we're only 18 years in folks they will
write about this movie and make videos
about it it will be discussed among
friends of all ages all races all shapes
and sizes it will be taught in school
debated among intellectuals it will be
seen as the moment everything changed
well J that intro was not written by us
it was a lot of excerpts from reviews of
the film Black Panther one of the best
reviewed films in the history of cinema
so I gotta ask you J what did you think
of Black Panther is alright after the
first hour the plot finally kicks in and
then it gets pretty good for a while the
first hour of the movie I thought it was
really really meandering and I was like
where is this going this feels really
unfocused what is the plot and I was
also thinking for the first hour because
I wasn't engaged I was starting to my
mind was starting to wander and I was
thinking about because I had heard about
like the world-building of this movie
and what kinda and I was thinking about
what a great nation everyone's saying it
is and all that and it's this advanced
technologically advanced and they have
all these advancements and medicine and
science and all these things but they
have a wall built around them and they
are not willing to help anyone outside
the wall I was like well this is gonna
be a standard Marvel movie this is just
a world building this is gonna be
background stuff this is just the the
world they've created for the characters
and so I was starting to feel a little
like uneasy about it because obviously
there's parallels to what's going on in
the real world right now and then
Michael B Jordan shows back up he was in
a scene in the first five minutes of the
movie
and then he disappeared for like an hour
the movie forgot about him because they
had to have a pointless car chase scene
and some other stuff but he shows back
up and it turns out that the entire plot
of the movie and the conflict of the
movie is about just that about Wakanda
and about what it should be doing and if
it should be kind of blocking itself off
from the rest of the world with its
science and with its technology and I
was like okay now I'm engaged
because Michael B Jordan he's evil he's
a bad guy he murders people but he's
absolutely right and that's an
interesting dynamic of not being selfish
with your technology and it's selfish
with the advances that you have and it
was on its way up to breaking that
ceiling of being like The Dark Knight or
like a Logan and then the armored
rhinoceros showed up but then everybody
just fights yeah and it levels out can I
can I just make a slight correction or
addendum to what you were saying Michael
B Jordan didn't just want to share the
technology and joy of Wakanda with with
impoverished people he wanted to
overthrow the world and and he was he
was Pro anti-colonialist on it so
basically like have an uprising and
world war sure anybody's right in the
sense that Wakanda should not be like so
insular and keeping everything that's
isolationists yeah and that's that's
what made him interesting to me and
that's why he's like the only
interesting Marvel villain he didn't he
didn't want a super weapon that did a
super thing right he had he had a
backstory he had a history clear
motivations and there are more
interesting as a character than Black
Panther was it was like it was like a
damned if you do damned if you don't
situation with Wakanda because on one
hand you have like crazy person like
Michael B Jordan who wants to use all
this technology as a tool of destruction
and then you have the other side where
it's like yes we can help people but
like look at all the damage that's been
done just by the little amount of
vibranium that Andy Serkis stole the
golem just causing havoc so
that that he's like they're all very
cautious about sharing their technology
and wonders of vibranium with the world
because it could be used to for
destruction and yes and that conflict
was incredibly interesting to me and
that's why I was like okay this is a
complex situation
it reflects the real world in a lot of
ways and I was hoping it would continue
to explore that but just as it's getting
interesting then it just breaks out into
war like within the span of a day
what Conda as a nation is completely
divided and everybody's fighting and
murdering each other it came out and it
came so quick it was like I don't know
like there was 20 minutes of movie
missing that that really explore the
debate of the movie but yeah they when
they when they go to the the the secret
casino in South Korea that was like this
feels like a Mission Impossible movie
yeah I like I was taking a James Bond
but yeah is something something
different for a Marvel movie yeah and
and so he's uh he's running around and
they have this little scene there and
he's got his his warrior general lady
was just complaining about her house
just wear a wig that's right because
they all have shaved heads and Lupita
Nyong'o his famously known as Maz Kanata
from the Star Wars film of course bought
whole eyes and she is playing his love
interests and they're they're doing a
little adventure I was like I kind of
like this like black panther doing some
covert some covert mission impossible
stuff and I thought that was fun and
then the action scenes were boring car
chase and and then there were there was
a couple moments in the car chase or I
was like that's kind of cool
but it overall it was one of those
things were just kind of kept going it's
like okay we don't really need this yeah
so that's the thing is like that's kind
of where I was starting to check out a
bit or a think okay and all this death
just so what killed you when you see the
trailer for the movie and it's like what
Khan does is the most coolest place on
earth and then I thought the like the
tribal stuff was a little like it felt
it was unbalanced or it's like if
they're this advanced why are they
sticking to these very kind of like
primitive traditional things yes super
primitive yeah the ritual in order to
challenge to the kingdom and all that
stuff and and I get it I get it they
included some of the African culture
stuff like but I thought that was just
gonna be more in the look yeah of the
film because you have the the younger
sister was like rolling her eyes during
the ceremony like like this is stupid
why are we still doing this like I want
to do a technology stuff and so I
thought maybe it was gonna be more of
like the Wakanda would be more of an
advanced society that that had sort of
like the African flair to all the stuff
but really they were very like the
wakandan throne room scene really looked
like the Phantom Menace I was thinking I
was thinking on that what kind of in
general like when there's like
establishing shots of the city it's like
it's kind of like Star Wars
yeah the technology though was a slight
problem for me I thought it was too
outlandish too overdone to where it was
like okay a magic space-rock crashed in
Africa right this vibranium it's not
just the strongest metal on earth it's
also has magical properties that can
heal you
you drink the liquid of a vibranium
flower and you become a superhero I
think like it's like okay now he's got
the suit and she did a thing where oh
I've just added in like a kinetic
absorption technology so anytime you get
hit with anything you'd glow purple and
you can explode it outwards yeah and so
then it becomes like
how and I think all the superhero movies
are starting to feel that way to me it's
like these characters are just so
immensely and vulnerable to anything I
just get bored there was a danger a
threat sure that was the nice thing
about spider-man homecoming what do you
like rejected the super high tech suit
although I think in the infinity war
trailer he has it like oh great one
interesting thing about spider-man now
he has an Iron Man suit they're fighting
Thanos so he's gotta wear the suit the
said he would care about Thanos they've
been they've had builded up to him since
the the first Avengers movie which is
like 25 years ago does anyone still care
there's a magic glove of crystals on
that clash between the the advanced
society but sticking to these very sort
of tribal traditions yes a little off
some might find it interesting I found
it kind of perplexing but you know
they've lived in isolation so maybe
their culture developed like that I
don't know to where it's like a crazy
man came in and you're you don't have an
election you just have a barbaric fight
to the death and then everyone has to
blindly follow this new guy yeah and so
that sort of system with a super
advanced space technology they don't
quite yeah
merge it's because he's like burned all
the space plants I'm gonna kill everyone
like we got to follow them and then all
the guards like are on his side now with
their weapons yeah and so yeah normally
you'd have a more intellectual process
than a fight to the death on top of a
waterfall right and I think I think that
kind of like was like I wanted what
Conda to be above that
the effects were a little dated they
fell yeah or cheaper I noticed that
during the the first when he's being
crowned king and they're like does
anyone you know object to this or does
anyone want to fight him for the the
throne and there's like a shot looking
up with like the the mountains and
there's all these people on these little
edges and he looked like I don't know
they looked like pasted in there like
really quickly like that stuck out to me
and then yeah some of it just the
general visual effects felt a little
like early 2000s yeah it was it was
weird
I kept thinking when kill monger that he
was fighting a black panther and I kept
thinking of spider-man 3 like oh yeah
fighting venom and lips well yeah that
movement was like kind of unnatural and
cartoony and it felt like like the early
Sam Raimi spider-man movies so yeah more
about our special effects which made
this movie better I already say what
made it better is less focus on the
special effects the action scenes and
more focused on the dramatic stuff cuz
that's what I really liked although
although the the the weird contradiction
for me is I found myself bored in the
middle for a while that's it that's when
it picked up for me the entire like
middle act of the movie was when it
really works I think it was I think it
was something about the pacing or how it
was just put together that I noticed
that that was for me more of the first
like act or so or the first half I know
well the first the first half was half
an hour or so was like hard like getting
acclimated there trying to establish the
location the conda and all these
characters loved them the love interest
of the during during the like does
anyone want to challenge Black Panther
for the throne that whole sequence I was
like I'm checking out like that whole
fight scene it ends up being
foreshadowing for when he fights Michael
G boy Michael B Jordan later so it does
have a payoff but it all just felt like
put this in the first 10 minutes make it
a prologue or something yeah I mean part
of me was like I I'm enjoying that
they're taking their time with this but
at the same time I wish I would have
taken the time more on the later stuff
yeah
a lot of critics have called this
Shakespearean which which which is which
is actually kind of true in in the
proper context because Shakespeare in
his day was like kind of the soap opera
entertainment for the masses you thought
of his lowbrow back then which people
don't don't talk about now it was just
the style of writing was was it was very
flowery and wordy and and and but it was
a very Shakespearean the days and it was
like this so it's those betrayed this
person this and that that's what this
that's what the Michael B Jordan the
church Allah's father and the little
plot mean the guy who killed my brother
my uncle killed you and then I'm killing
Forest Whitaker I liked all that stuff
betrayed us save the Empire save the
tree it was weird when he said that in
this it was it was it so that stuff like
what Khan does is a little paradise but
they have internal conflicts that's a
plot and then what Conda is this
wonderful paradise with a secret
technology the outside elements are
starting to figure it out and slip it
yeah and and then at the end will
cornices fuck you guys I'm taking this
to the UN and I'm telling the world we
have vibranium and we're gonna help the
world that's that's another story so
it's like so it could have done without
the internal conflict I think that's the
stuff I likes I oh I like the the world
stage stuff a little more I was a little
more intrigued by that well III would
like to see more or learn more about the
wakandan culture and society and how
they're all those in all those buildings
what are those what are those apartments
look like in those giant skyscrapers you
know we see the streets where they're
selling goods and I was like a little
marketplace and everyone's walking
around but I was like what what are your
hospitals look like what what is it what
Condon there's no hospital there's just
the one layer that black panther sister
runs yeah they all have to go to her
yeah
everyone goes to her that's the only set
we go
in the street but that's another way
that would be kind of felt a little on
the cheaper side is that like yeah there
was that set with her it seems like
there's only one like Street set for
Wakanda there's the big like swooping
CGI shots of the city but it always
feels like they're walking down one
Street it's the same straight from South
Korea they're just like changing some of
the odds against a big green screen we
talked about Michael B Jordan quite a
bit he's the for me the best thing in
the movie both his character and his
performance I like that Michael B Jordan
it was a little comical though and he's
throwing around like like gangsta Lang
lingo no no that was great as a contrast
to the rest of the people of Wakanda
they didn't push it like to comically or
anything like fish-out-of-water stuff
they're just a little bit but I also
liked Black Panther I liked that he
wasn't smartass and cocky I liked that
he wasn't fish out of water
he was just like collected and cool
which is different for the lead in one
of these Marvel movies yeah that's true
that's also true he was a different type
of hero and he had the the kind of
conflict of having to deal with the fact
that his father is not a perfect person
and then how he feels about tradition
and I liked all that stuff
and I like the sister a lot is a sassy
sister and of course force Whitaker I
think I'm tired of Forest Whitaker he's
a fine actor but it always feels like we
need a slightly older distinguished
black actor I just get Forest Whitaker
again Morgan Freeman is not available I
waited my entire life for this
well I saw like I saw there was a
petition for Marvel to donate 25% of the
Black Panther profits to inner-city
school programs or outreach stuff like
basically like the ultimate message of
the film at the end because he goes to
Oakland California and sets up the
wakandan embassy to have social outreach
programs right to impoverish inner-city
kids right and so it's like so this is a
real a real thing that people are trying
to get Disney so are they gonna just go
like Disney / Marvel is just gonna keep
all the monies Mike do you have to be so
cynical
can't you just create a positive hashtag
or to fuck it up it's a 50% right I love
that it's kind of like what we talking
about Ghostbusters and people rallying
behind that the Ghostbusters reboot and
I had said something about like you're
essentially rallying behind a corporate
product that's trying to sell toys and
that's ultimately what this is wants to
make a profit that wants to make a
profit and it's a good it's a good movie
Black Panther is a good movie yeah but
everybody needs to kind of look at the
overall picture a little bit here right
well see if it's start a petition get
them up that 20% to 50% over this one
over from 25 to 50 yes of box-office
profits I will I will get behind this
because Disney should put their money
where their mouth is that's true that's
true that's true
but I think despite the political angles
I think this movie I think more people
are excited about it because of the
representation when you say more people
I think you mean rational people yeah
yes as opposed to the extreme people
right right right rational people
everywhere even even me I'm a rational
person and and I'm watching this and I
say this is great because it's different
I like variety and I like entertainment
made by all peoples of the earth
you know and it's just like you don't
want like like just a single straight
line of the same thing over and over
again so so watching this I'm just like
hey this is so different you don't want
every Marvel movie to feel like ant-man
right ant-man it's always my go-to as
far as like generically entertaining
Marvel movies that's it was right in the
middle there's I enjoyed this much more
than ant-man because of this just the
general the visual variety the actors
that I haven't seen on-screen before
like all that stuff like Paul Rudd look
at your face ah who could be sick Paul
Rudd Paul Rudd's a great guy but I you
know I'm just like I guess I am sick of
Forest Whitaker there's that but but you
know it's like so that's so different is
good and and representation is good as
long as you don't think a little too
much about it because this is a movie
about how magical space rocks made a
society it's not going to change
produced by the Disney Corporation to
sell action figures it will change the
movie industry to where we have more
representation and directors actors
writers and every the whole business
right it will change that look at the
movie and say did we find it
entertaining and I would say for the
most part I did I thought it was a
little long and kind of boring in the
middle and I thought the action scenes
were weird and not particularly well
done there was the surprising part to me
because I like Ryan Coogler Fruitvale
station is a smaller movie that's a more
grounded real movie but like that scene
and Creed the the one-shot boxing match
like that was really creative and well
done I think he's more of a actors
director I think so I mean but even like
he has some visual flair in in Creed and
there is a one-shot action scene in this
but like we had mentioned the CGS and
the greatest so it's during the casino
you know the cameras swirling around and
so kind of it didn't have that like grit
that the boxing match and Creed had so
the part where the money flies around
yeah
it felt kind of phony so that was
disappointing I was expecting a little
more visual flair but he's great with
the actors all the performances are good
oh sure sure and can we talk about the
elephant in the room
what is that that his name is so close
to Cougar and that oh there's another
film called black cougar the fact that
also that the the film passed over
another black director named Ryan
panthan to direct black panther yeah
Ryan panthan who the hell is Ryan
panthan he's a he's a he's an
african-american director and he was
going to direct black panther and that
would have been perfect
Ryan panthan directing by Panther
Michael Marc Webb directed spider-man
yes exactly J and now Ryan Coogler
directs Black Panther but there's
there's a film called black cougar and
so I'm starting to get real confused
it says the everything is just just
falling in on itself now I will say this
is a much better film than black Cougars
black cougar is the first superhero for
children might who has one goal to
protect children this is black cougar
superhero for children or is he the
first superhero that helps shoulder and
I remember what that crazy guy said I
don't know so Mike would you recommend
black cougar Black Panther I would not
recommend black cougar uh I think I'm
getting tired of Marvel movies and this
is not the one that has made me tired of
it yeah it's been a cumulative effect
okay and so this one while refreshing
and and new and visuals and actors and
setting story even I found it a little
dry and I found the action scenes to be
lacking if they cut out the action
scenes then they made like a third 30 to
50 minute movie about about the
characters I think I would really love
it but it's even to be doing so many
things so I don't know I'm sure all the
Marvel fans will go watch it so go ahead
and watch it
everybody go watch it well that's the
thing with every Marvel movie right it's
it's fine you'll like it
yeah I mean I would recommend it I was
entertained for the most part I it sucks
because I went in with I don't want to
say low expectations I was really no
expectations as ass expecting a decent
Marvel movie but as the movie went along
my expectations were raised around the
middle point when I realized what the
movie was gonna be about and the
political stuff and the idea of Wakanda
closing itself off from the world and I
think that might have been my problem
was that I went in with the highest of
expectations because it was like the
best reviewed film ever but every movies
the best reviewed movie no I mean this
was like everybody loved it and they're
like this is the the most amazing
superhero movie ever well that's that's
kind of like I was like really expecting
some really
well done piece of fucking art well that
that's kind of where like halfway
through is when I was like okay this is
gonna this is gonna reach that like Dark
Knight level or something where it's not
just a comic book movie and then it it
it didn't it kind of leveled off and
that was slightly disappointing it felt
like it was building to something a
little bit smarter that it was gonna
really delve into the the kind of
politics and the the personal dramatic
stuff and it kind of Sept it's like
mumaith it's bad but they didn't lie in
it you know they set up these things and
then everybody just kind of fought yes
so that was mildly disappointing but
it's still a good movie the fact that
that stuff is in there at all is a plus
it's not just bad guy wants to take over
what kinda and be the new black panther
yeah which i was kind of worried about
from the trailer is like oh Michael B
Jordan has a black panther suit because
that's the Marvel problem all the way
back to the first Ironman where Jeff
Bridges shows up and he's like I'm a
bigger Ironman so it avoids that stuff
which is which is good I agree with
everything you just said great
don't go watch black cougar yes I'll put
on the screen black cougar calm oh yeah
remember to go to black cougar calm
before the official website of the film
the official website for the film that's
a superhero film for children
so in the case yes black cougar calm and
he continually paid for that domain yeah
thinking eventually this will take off
it's not like he let the domain lapse
right so don't don't expect that black
oeuvre calm
