May 29, 2018
Solo: A Star Wars Story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmPPxQnaGDY
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1001459065615241216
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155655892092634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-solo-a-star-wars-story

Half in the bag.
Jerks can't fix the VCR right.
Hey, Jay.
What time is it?
I dunno, 2'ish?
It's about time to take my medication.
Mike, what's that medication for?
Oh, it's my brain medicine.
I take it to help with my hallucinations.
It seems to work for the most part, except for one side effect...hallucinations.
The main thing that I hallucinate is a fat, middle-aged man that loves Star Wars.
I don't love Star Wars.
Heaven's Gate, there he is!
Oh, I see him two.
That's just Rich Evans.
Oh.
Why didn't you tell me you weren't a hallucination?
You mean, I took off my pants in front of you for nothing?
Not for nothing...
Let's talk about Solo: A Star Wars Story.
Hit it, Johnny!
Solo: A Star Wars Story is a film that just came out, directed by Ron Howard, and also sort of directed by Lord and Miller, the guys that made The Lego Movie, made a Han Solo movie, but was deemed too silly and bizarre, and had too many ad-libs, and went over budget, and was out of control.
Kathleen Kennedy fired them, and Ron Howard took over to make it more boring. And then they finished the movie, and a bunch of critics went to the screenings, and were paid off to give it positive reviews, and then when it came out, it tanked, uh, in the box office, and the audience reviews went through the floor into the negatives, and nobody liked it, and a whole bunch of people killed themselves over it.
Check it out.
Ricardo Montalban, what did you think of Solo, a red plastic cup story?
Well, I have to ask you, I heard you laughing, you were on, like, the far side of me, were you laughing with or at the movie?
I heard a couple chuckles.
I was laughing with it.
All right...
That's somewhat surprising.
This, you know, all right, based on what I have just heard, you know what's gonna be really surprising?
I kind of loved it.
You not even liked it, you loved it?
I, well, kind of.
It's not up to love, but it's near.
Okay.
I enjoyed the film.
Why?
I hate Star Wars.
I am absolutely sick of Star Wars.
I feel like the franchise should have ended in 1983.
I feel like they ended their story, and I feel like they haven't had any idea on what to do with it since.
I'm sick of it.
I hate light sabers.
I hate the force.
I'm tired of the empire.
I'm tired of the rebellion.
I really liked this movie.
Because it had none of those things in it.
It had none of those things.
Well, it had all of those things, just so minimally, um, that they're, they're almost not noticeable.
Right.
No, it, this focuses on, like, the neglected aspect of Star Wars.
And this aspect of Star Wars I always like.
The seedy underbelly stuff.
I, I, I like, I like the rogue, I, I, I, I like your characters who are kind of the, the outlaw, and they're getting by on their wits, and, and bravado, and...
Bravado.
Bravado.
Not bravado.
Whatever.
So you both hated it?
No, no.
I'm with you.
Really?
I'm with you with about 40 asterisks.
I'm not saying it's flawless.
No.
I'm in, I'm in the, it was most-, I was mostly bored.
I would say the first hour-and-a-half was that.
It kind of got interesting in the third act a little bit.
The prediction video, by the way, that, that you and I did, is not some sort of, like, like, prophetic power that we have.
No, it's obvious stuff.
Right
It's, it's, it's, yeah, it's, it's, you see it down, and if you have a modicum of intelligence, you go, what do we do?
You don't know a lot about 'em, and you have a couple things to go on.
He wasn't the main.
He was a Luke Skywalker.
He was Han Solo.
He hung around Chewbacca.
Flew the Millennium Falcon.
You know, he had his quirks.
What do you do?
You, you, you pluck all the things that, that he said throughout the movie that he's done, the Kessel run, it's a Corilean, he's like, not the local bulk cruiser, but the big Corilean ship.
and he's talking about
the Star Destroyers so of course
console was it flies a karelian whitey
freighter and there got to show the Star
Destroyers being built on Karelian you
know cuz that throwaway line han shoots
first which of course he does and all
the little things that's his character
arc in this movie I was expecting him to
start out more like like honest and
simple like a good guy and kind of by
the end of the movie he becomes the Han
that we know but he's kind of the Han we
know from the very beginning and the
only thing he learns throughout the
movie is to shoot first that's like his
art he's in the Han we know but he's not
especially good at it and I think the
movie is just about him learning the
ropes I was surprised that he knew it
was like a good pilot from the very
beginning he's not he gets a ship jammed
in the crevice he tries the fancy
maneuver and it only kind of works that
kind of came across as just like a cute
deal he was stealing he said he that
that ship that they used in the attack
on the train he's like I was stealing
those when I was 10 so his scrappy
upbringing implies he he learned how to
do things much more than Anakin he's
working for a crime syndicate already
that the centipede lady so he's doing
jobs already on corillia it's safe to
assume he's learned how to fly things
plus by the time he gets his hands on
the money falcon and gets to fly it he
said three years roughly three years in
the empire in pilot school even though
he gets kicked out we're gonna assume he
learned some stuff I'm okay with that
I enjoyed this movie more than I thought
it doesn't mean it was not without its
problems and we're gonna talk about the
Scimitar fee in a little bit that's one
of the made ones that was actually worse
than anything else in the movie what
kind of prevented me from getting into
it was just how ugly it looked visually
there's like there was a couple of
laughs moments like when he's like he
does a bluff thirty higher all I gotta
do is give him the signal
you're surrounded and then like Lando
just takes off you know if he doesn't
quite have have his his mojo yet that
that ended up being the best aspect of
the movie was his performance and that
was the most shocking thing to me he's
pretty good he doesn't quite I mean no
one has that Harrison Ford from Young
Harrison Ford days charm but he captures
the the kind of spirit of Han Solo
without being a direct imitation unlike
Donald Glover which was the one thing
that I was looking forward to in the
movie and that was for me what are the
bigger disappointments is that he is
just doing an impression it's the point
where I found it sort of annoying
I thought of work though I did I liked
Donald Glover in this I liked Donald
Glover a lot in general that's all I was
looking forward to seeing him in this
but it was it was humorous because Lando
isn't isn't the like the strongest most
revered character you know he's he
serves a plot function and Empire if
they if his past version of him has a
little bit of humor to it and it's sort
of like tongue-in-cheek
fine like I really think I would have
enjoyed the Lord Miller version better
than the obvious like boring train heist
sequence or the opening like we got to
drive this stolen car to get to the the
Check Point really pumping up that music
to make you feel like you're supposed to
be like oh that was a real bad sign I
was like this is that was the whole
movie
for me was that that no that the thing I
appreciate was that the the temptation
to shoving so much fanservice that you
want to barf was not really realized it
was more than real one this felt like
just like a story being told in this
universe yes and that's what we've
always been on hoping for so we can't be
hypocritical here because well no but I
would like that more if it wasn't a han
Solo movie like I was thinking during
the train heist chase scene or the train
heist sequence I was like looking at
like Woody Harrelson and he's got his
little crew there's the four armed late
man sure it's like it's like do we need
Han Solo like a little movie set in the
Star Wars universe that's about like a
train heist well this is where my
producer brain comes in and says that's
something that sure could work but it's
at this stage in the game it's a little
risky but you can't release a movie
called you know Johnny swashbuckler and
his friends in space a Star Wars story
because everyone's gonna go yeah solo
has an emotional heart to it like the
key that character at Han and the
relationship and how they've gone in
different places
III like that okay I didn't get any what
kike we heroes hero was Akira Akira is
this incredibly whip-smart
strong badass kind of go the emotional
heart though is Han wanting it to be
like it was with them but she's gone
down some dark roads and he can't see it
sure there's that I didn't really I mean
there's feelings see I didn't get any
feelings especially between the two of
them I didn't think they had any
chemistry but I thought it was weird
early on it's like his whole motivation
to get a ship and go back to Karelia
right this is the planet was to you know
you know reconnect with her and then
like 10 minutes later she shows back up
in the movie it's like that was way too
soon and it's like she just discontent
lead at this place there at like this
his goal was to rescue her he never
really does it because she has already
had her fall from grace even though
doesn't know what yet she is technically
escaped yet he still hasn't real he
saved her what Richard trying to say is
you're focused on the the literal rescue
and rich is talking about the the
emotional personal rescue Oh I
understand what's supposed to be there I
just didn't think one that she was an
interesting enough character to have any
sort of emotional reaction to their
relationship oh no it's Amelia clerk no
no one seen on Karelia where they go
back to their like crappy little
apartment where they live and and they
had they smooch and they have a nice
like candlelit dinner and they talk
about their dreams and hopes of escaping
this planet and and starting a farm on
some random planet raising children
falling in love having a pet my Knock
although all that kind of stuff where
you kind of get a little sense they
connect well the little thing is when
they just starts with them driving a car
yeah that and then when they reconvened
there isn't any sort of she's just like
gone already yeah and it's like you need
like some sort of hints that she's not
going to betray him it was so apparent I
think that's like problem of the movie
is that everything just seems so obvious
the whole way through I I suspected
something was going to go on with her
because of the tenchu the branding from
crime syndicate man but I didn't quite
know where it was gonna go
it wasn't predictable that she was going
to totally betray him and and be aligned
with the fucking Sith Lord my I wasn't I
was expecting a Sith Lord but I was
expecting her to betray him that just
seemed apparent from right when they
reconnect III I was thinking it might be
she does try to go off with Han and not
betray him but that ends up getting her
killed
thus hardening Han Solo's heart I
thought I thought that was I thought she
was she was doomed to die as well yeah
see this is this is why the third act
got a little more interesting for me is
that enough well one I liked the fact
that the climax of the movie takes place
in bad guys office like it's not some
like this actually felt like a small
story in this universe which rogue one
didn't Rogen was trying to do the big
apt expect achill so the fact that the
entire end of the movie just takes place
in dudes
office I liked and then he start to have
all the betrayals and double crosses and
those like oh it's like a movie now
finally so for the last 30 minutes or so
I was kind of more interested but
because then yeah then I started to
question like oh maybe she's not gonna
betray him she betrays him but she still
likes him she doesn't like arranged for
his death it's a double cross but it's
it's not a yeah well yeah I mean it's
it's the whole thing is a setup
Ohan you pity foo love what an emotion
you don't need yes maybe they don't go
that no no yeah it doesn't get it
doesn't get goofy she she feels a little
bit bad about it and then leaves
yeah then because she's gone down a
darkness she she sees what Han Solo Kent
getting back to what else talking about
small story yeah got the plot around
stealing the super fuel right and like
we've always hoped like with rogue one
our main complaint was look at this
Death Star you know then you know then
you knows Darth Vader blah blah blah
this the Empire was in it but it was
more coincidentally or just is there a
part of that universe but it wasn't like
yeah look look at this at Walker oh you
know what that is just no I was in the
Army for a while and it was really on
there's like a little recruitment video
playing on the wall there smattering the
stormtroopers kind of roughing people up
and they go through and then they they
do show Star Destroyer but it's just in
that tunnel there isn't that you'll be
dead guy moment from rogue one yeah look
it's the you'll be dead guy and it's
just completely shoehorned in there
there were a fair number of minor
references us they they would say boss
we shoulda gotten someone like boss you
know I was it's okay they don't shine a
spotlight on everything there was a
rogue one there was a brown Greedo
character at one point yeah I noticed in
the background um but I don't think it
was supposed to be greed oh no it wasn't
yeah just that same race just fine
whatever yeah he didn't run into greed
oh and you know I have sit at the bar
and the bartender comes up and who was
here sitting here first he was you know
that sort of thing
who gets a shot first and then the
Chewbacca scene when he meets Chewbacca
almost verbatim what you predicted how
about this han Solo and and Chewbacca
are thrown in an imperial prison
together and we have a scene where
that's the first time they meet
Chewbacca's like in shadow
yeah like rim lit you know kind of like
how he appears in the beginning of
Return of the Jedi and then here and and
then and so I was like oh my god you
know there's a monster in here and then
he comes out he goes of course Chewbacca
would be a prisoner
it'll be a prisoner to the chemistry was
so good I don't think I care
well what do you know if the movie had
focused more on just the two of them
maybe I would have liked it more because
I did think that they worked pretty well
did you focus on them quite a bit that
was actually one of the nice things
about the movie just saying that that
that relationship between a Han Solo and
his dog yeah because Chewbacca was was
underused in the force awakens and the
Phantom Jedi what was it called the last
Rian Johnson film but yeah like the Han
and Chewie back and forth was funny yeah
and I what are you guys think of Han
speaking wookiee I always thought it was
just cute that he knows what he's saying
in the original movies that's that's
another case of like well we don't
that's a lot of this is like we don't
need to see this it worked because the
point was they could communicate and
then the guards above them didn't know
what they were doing yet still a silly
hearing it comes across this a bandeau
yeah yeah it's it's silly but it was him
doing it to prove that the Wookiee could
trust him that's probably left over from
the Lord and Miller cut maybe like I
would have been a silly silly silly
moment it's hard to say and that's the
thing is like we say like oh this felt
like it's from Lord Miller of this this
movie didn't feel like a hodgepodge of
two movies crammed together yeah it felt
pretty cohesive yeah that's the weird
part
I thought it had a lot of pacing issues
which is another reason I thought it was
pretty fucking boring but it didn't feel
like oh this is taken for it wasn't like
a Suicide Squad situation oh right it
felt like re-edited or scenes crammed
together Fantastic Four I really like
the when they finally get to Kessel and
they have that Prison Break scene and
ll3
is like starting the rebellion and she's
don't tell me you liked l3y oh okay out
of my seat
several circuits thinking you're gonna
have to do that thing again later yeah
we need to talk about l3 the the
feminist robot continued your point my
guess before we talk about oh yeah no I
thought that was fun when all the
prisoners started getting released and
there's just like chaos going on it just
felt fun I see how that was just
annoying because it was the results of
this stupid robot doing a stupid thing
at an inappropriate time but you don't
believe in equal rights oh okay well
let's talk about this robot maybe the
worst character in star wars since Jar
Jar Binks is that fair to say for me it
was just needed to be toned down a bit
and it also was weird to me because that
character felt like yeah it was like SJD
social justice droid yeah but but but it
came across almost as like a parody like
they were making fun of that and
considering how outspoken like Kathleen
Kennedy and and all these people are
about inclusiveness and and diversity
making a character that seems to be
making fun of that ideology felt really
bizarre to me it does come off as goofy
it comes across like they're making like
you're supposed to be laughing at this
character for being so you know like
social justice see and that just came
across as like a real like weird class
it isn't a film with three white leaves
it is possible that was sneaked in there
as a subtle jab that would get under the
radar there's nothing subtle about that
that seems like a horrible
miscalculation in the fact that it's
actually making fun of the whole the
whole accusations that Star Wars is a
feminist thing now miss Kennedy whenever
we can have a woman or a person of color
direct the Star Wars film it's all very
soon very soon that's just so important
to me and then they hire Ron Howard and
then we Ron Howard oh let's give Ryan
Johnson three more films Gareth gets
another one Jon Favreau John Farrow and
now Boba Fett has just been an oh yeah
James mangle thanks manacled so it's
like Disney's is fraudulent they know
what sells and then
what's safe yeah and and they don't well
that's like I don't want to rock the
boat too related to this story that
broke out about Lando being pansexual
sure there's nothing in the movie to
indicate that so it's all just like
nothing so excited oak that he fucks the
robot which is weird but the robots are
the love with him yeah but but it's one
of those things where it's like now
people are applauding the idea of that
but there's nothing in the movie well
that whole thing was a setup by an
interviewer who asked John cast and the
son of Lawrence Kasdan as a co-writer
they're like hey do you think Lando like
could be like pansexual or you know open
to other kinds of sexual stuff because
he's you know such a cool hip guy and
and John Kazan's like sure I guess I
guess it could go that way cuz you don't
want to say that everybody blows the
article because your answer is not oh
absolutely not
Lando's just into women yeah because
then you're closed-minded and bigoted
but if you say oh sure
Lando could be pansexual he could be he
could be into swingers and dudes and
whatever is Lando sure why not and then
so it's Lando Calrissian
it's a pet sexual pervert nothing
perverted that badness is ingredient a
ingredient be put them in a blender and
you have climp a barf it all over
twitter quickly it's it's it's quick
bait coming out of the oven is what that
is what you're saying is it's fake news
it's fake news it's a setup it's a setup
for a headline that people will click on
man said Lando is confirmed as pansexual
fucks women men robots and genderless
aliens then you zhenya then you get the
attention of people that want to applaud
that kind of thing as well as the people
that ought to be outraged by that
boycott the Star Wars movie because
Lando's are pansexual support the Star
Wars movie because Lando is progressive
in his sexuality and then you watch the
movie you say what there's nothing in
this medicate anything well Jon Kasdan
did was say who cares why not you watch
the movie and it's an entre versi
coinage clean edge word did you coin
that word yes an entre verse controversy
thank you rich I didn't feel a goddamn
thing when that stupid annoying robot
died Jay why is your heart filled with
so much hate why can't you just open
your heart star wars my heart during
this movie my heart was filled with
boredom open your heart if I can love
Star Wars anybody can yeah rich is the
ultimate Star Wars haters I am I really
am
he's so sick of it but I love this hey
you did you would you say like even
separate from Star Wars you enjoyed this
just as kind of like a fun fantasy yes
those first encounters with Chewbacca
with the Millennium Falcon with Lando
Calrissian they're in this movie
let's talk about cinematography when
your cinematographer scoot over this way
and let the adults know you had to have
noticed something just listen ugly and
murky to you nothing stood out but I'm
not I'm toned after this stuff I think
I've been bothering that you couldn't
see who you were looking at in scenes I
wouldn't say I thought it looked great
but it didn't look distractingly awful
he's right let the adults talk okay to
the cinematographer of this film when
when Jay looks over his shoulder and
wonders if there's a problem with the
projector something wrong
in other word there were things I enjoy
that weren't just big sloppy stupid
action scenes like all of rogue one
there were sporadic things I enjoy but
then it was like like I said everything
just felt so obvious as far as all the
beats and then in those beats they felt
like they needed to spell everything out
the worst was why Han Solo's last name
is solo which is the that was all this
thing ever I fell agree with you on this
yes and that was so stupid
my name's Han and by myself oh so we'll
call you Han Solo got to know how he got
his famous maybe we don't need to know
why his name is Han Solo it's just his
name but the other one that stuck out
was when he first befriends Chewbacca I
was like what's your name
Chewbacca well I got to give you a
nickname because I'm not gonna say that
all the time
cuz I say that every time and that was
kind of the whole movie for me it's like
we don't need those it's the equivalent
of Star Trek 2009 talk everything but my
ball oh yeah yeah yeah that's a good you
don't need to do that don't need just
let it be a figment exists got nowhere
else to go ex-wife to go damn planning
the divorce
lefts with bones that's not even where
the nickname bones comes from don't even
fucking know that but when they wrote
this script or they knew that but they
didn't think that the audience would
know that where that's lured like the
name comes from so like we got to make
it dumber why is he called bones is it
cuz he has a boner because he's gay for
Captain right you know that went down in
a writers room somewhere why is it
called bones
well he's gay well what if he got the
name bones because his wife took
everything in the divorce then he's got
a wife it was it was to me like we've
been hoping for
it happened to have son solo in it but
we've been hoping for a smaller star
wars story that does not feel the need
to bring back everything because like we
made our predictions you've got Greedo
you've got Boba Fett
you've got Jabba the Hutt you've got
Vader all these people that have all
interacted with Han Solo at some point
that this five or six bounty hunters
from Empire only one was referenced yep
boss ik there's Mandalorian armor in bad
guys office but it's not like it looked
like the silhouette of Boba Fett's armor
but the lighting you couldn't really
tell through everything was just murky
but the big ones the Jabba's the
greedo's the bow effects they don't feel
the need to shove in there
there's no Jabba I was shocked but Lee's
mentioned mentioned he's not in it is
kind of a miracle but you would I think
you were right in your predictions you
mentioned the the parsecs there's not
time yeah so they they did do that which
is fine or did he do it because they
they put in a drop of the hyper fuel and
it pushed the Falcon like I thought the
excuse was the area was so rough that
the safe way was to go all the way
around and looping and Han Solo's
solution to them being chased by a Star
Destroyers was fuck it we're gonna cut
right through this terrible rough space
terrain that's extremely dangerous and
nobody would do it because it's suicide
that Han Solo was gonna do it and he's
got a good feeling about it
so it's the equivalent of I I did a 5k
run in 3k because I ran through a forest
you cut through the alley to get to the
other side of the block rather than
going around the block the dangerous
alley filled with like drug dealers
rapists and stuff like that I don't know
what to do that well why is that a thing
you brag about though when you're
talking about how fast your ship can go
he's basically just saying I took a
shortcut so it still doesn't make any
sense because the area he went through
was so treacherous but the fact that
they made it out it was like the work of
everybody involves it wasn't just him
okay so it's like nothing to do with his
skills it had nothing to do with the
speed of the ship yes the problem is is
that in the original script George Lucas
wrote he did the Kessel run 12 parsecs
George Lucas didn't know that a parsec
twas a measure of distance and not time
it's a ship that made the Kessel run in
less than 12 parsecs this didn't need to
be the Kessel run we don't need to
mention it is the proper solution that
they didn't take because I am NOT
claiming this movie
I enjoyed elements of it as most people
are saying the first act is a slog and
it's awful I wouldn't call it awful but
it was boring like the first yeah would
have been better if he did like you said
start slower and it's it's not you don't
need the chase scene but you have him
and her in the apartment talking about
their hopes and dreams and and like a
build up even to that very first heist
where they they go after the Train that
has the the magic space fuel on it
because it kind of jumps right into that
yeah well I wasn't completely clear
about because there's a certain point
where Woody Harrelson's girlfriend
whoever she is partner where she like
sacrifices herself to blow up the bridge
and I wasn't
did I miss something was there an
explanation as to why they needed to
blow up that bridge because they had the
the car like hooked to the ship so they
were gonna lift it up all they had to do
was disconnect just connect the car from
the actual track yeah but Chewie did
that yeah no that that disconnect
from the rest of the train but it still
would have been stuck around the rail
track instead of built around oh that's
right it was like a roller coaster ride
yes it just doesn't seem like the type
of thing that would be like you're gonna
sacrifice your life for this isn't it
was very bizarre to me it was because
she knew if they didn't complete the job
that Scarface was gonna kill him okay so
she sacrificed herself so that woody
would get the space of fuel and be safe
okay yes it's Thins a bit then but yep
the whole idea that the Empire has to
move stuff on a train is they have these
things called spacious but it made for a
nice visual set piece
let me give you some advice assume
everyone will betray you but then once
Kira shows up and we introduce bad guy
and we introduce the fact that she's
been branded by him and she's either his
lover or sex slave or confidant or
whatever the fuck she was some
combination of all of these things yes
and then they have to go do the big
heist and we have we have taken clock
element with with the super fuel going
to explode and they've got to do they've
got to go to locations which is great
we've got a little Kessel I was into the
movie at that point yeah they're not
getting spice from the spice mines of
Kessel underneath it they gots hidden
secret super fuel fine then they got to
go to this other planet then you
introduce those Maya Rudolph shows up
one of the one of the pre rebellion 16
year old Maya Rudolph yes
I'm Warwick Davis shows I'm Warwick
Davis they gave him one line that was
very nice of them you're a little little
scrappy scrappy rebellion characters
that and then to spell everything out he
says he doesn't want to join them and
she's like well maybe you'll change your
mind someday looks right at the camera
should we talk about Darth Maul yes we
should but I don't know I don't know how
much there is to say about it why aren't
why is anybody excited to see Darth Maul
possibly possibly the single worst Star
Wars character I've heard that he's
fleshed out more in whatever fucking
cartoon but that's your problem rich you
need to watch every piece of Star Wars
media in order to appreciate his cameo
in this film here's why he's here I mean
you know why right so they can spin them
off in another thing yeah what other
thing is that I don't know think real
hard about it
do you know what he's getting a boba
fett the boba fett try again obi-wan
movie yes the obi-wan new that you've
dumped dummies and he's still making
that I thought that was a smoke I
thought that was smoking Tarragona doing
McGregor he likes money and he already
said he'd be interested in doing it and
if the time frames perfect it's about 10
years after Phantom Menace events you
and McGregor is age appropriate Darth
Maul's alive with robot legs and they
can have some fucking lightsaber fight
like they have some sort of like deep
connection as far as like good guy and
bad guy
Darth Maul is just like a visual that's
all he was that's why he's not
interested
his entire character is he has a double
bladed lightsaber that's Darth Maul's
character which they made a point of
having him pull out a lightsaber in this
movie to intimidate emilia clarke even
though he's the hologram that was i role
i thought III thought we predicted some
kind of lightsaber around you have to
have a lightsaber in Star Wars movie you
know it it was such an awkward way to
shoehorn it into and the fact that like
he's a hologram which in Star Wars
movies have always just been served like
blueish like monochromatic but this
lightsaber is bright red mr. mr.
Scarface the lightsaber is so red that
it overwhelms the blue of the hologram
no mr. mr. Scarface is super rich and so
he has a really really modern advanced
okay that does read just does one other
color it's blue and red the Empire
couldn't afford it they spend most of
their budget on military weapons the
communications are the lowest part of
their budget a little terrible cutout of
Darth Vader that to me is the only flaw
and in Empire Strikes Back
it's absolutely no other flaws in that
whole movie except for when lord Vader
talks to the guy running the 8080 walker
and he appears as a sign little guy in
his dashboard the shield will be down in
moments you may start your landing
don't I look intimidating I'm the size
of an action figure it needs to be great
if his voice was higher pitch just like
you your pitch changes decide depending
on the size that's why Snoke sounds so
intimidating do not fail me it's why
it's why both the the Emperor and Snoke
appeared in giant like intimidating
dominating Holograms that are above you
and
down but then Vader's on his day things
like this like the Vader at his
dashboard that's how you would look in
like an Palpatine side of the hologram
well good news our Rams big Palpatine is
looking at your little hologram
conversely it's why Leia was a small
hologram saying help me obi-wan Kenobi
you're my only hope
visually it yeah she's she's little and
small and helpless and that's theirs
thrust of Luke's story line but Vader on
that look all I know is that in our
theater which was filled with about
eight people one guy clapped for Darth
Maul I did too yeah but you did it as a
joke but I think that was a rape arc oh
really
what the fuck else is he doing of course
they have that wasn't Peters surface
it's up here sir if I know it's it's
voiced by yeah he's voiced by Sam Witwer
who does voice acting for all the like
Clone Wars is that the same guy that
does the terrible Palpatine yes if only
we knew someone that did it better
Palpatine
the most important takeaway from this
movie you know is it was a fine little
Han Solo of origin thing you know he did
a couple things he had some adventures
you know I have a little thing you know
some funny moment you're so like
dismissively positive about the movies
yeah sure that's okay I'm dismissively
positive yeah I didn't hate it to death
and I thought it was okay it had some
annoying things in it but also it's some
funny things and things that worked but
what I'm saying is the most important
takeaway is that Darth Maul scene at the
end because that to me says we're going
to go more in a Marvel esque direction
who could we just pull out of the
fucking blue darth maul darth maul his
robot legs and he's a crime lord and and
kira has gone to to serve Him where the
hell is that gonna go you know what I
mean so they're setting up clearly Obi
wanted to come back and have a rematch
with Darth Maul which is going to make
every fanboy cream in their path
and so they're they're I think they're
trying to desperately trying to expand
this on expandable world as they can but
you said creatively bankrupt there's a
lesson to be learned here tell Richard
remember successful without phenomenal
as somebody who hates Star Wars
absolutely positively sick of it
shockingly I do recommend solo a Star
Wars story cannabis regiments of a solo
a Star Wars story no it's just too
boring yeah as far as a recommendation
from iam I'm not on the fence because
the the the visual nature of it is very
important to me and and how ugly and
fucking dark and and silhouetted and
gross the the lighting was I think the
negatively affected any kind of
lightheartedness and funniness that
wasn't it it was like that that that
humor and stuff that a desperately
needed that was their sort of was just
trying to break through that fog so
that's what I what's in my brain if it
was well lit and colorfully lit and the
tone was a little different I think I
would have enjoyed it a whole lot more
the Lord Miller cut yeah and that's the
thing too it's like you're sitting there
and going yeah like I don't know who's
doing what can't think about that
because it's all speculation the only
thing that is 100% certain was Ron
Howard was the scene where Clint Howard
shows up yes yeah
when may be a weird coincidence if that
was from the Lord and Miller version
though they just had Clint Howard in it
it had a decent little spike heist plot
and then some betrayals like you do in a
in a James Bond or whatever kind of
movie although slightly predictable it
still was in there it wasn't just we
have to just shoot our guns at
everything in order to win the day like
in rogue ones yes well it was like like
like a football player wrote it you know
what I'm saying
they addressed the controversial front
of the ship thing which I have I have a
prop here where you don't have that that
gap here which nerd said was used as a
freighter to push things hence the side
cockpit and then in in the film it's
it's it's an escape pod he says I got an
escape pod are you looking for the
button to remove it I couldn't figure
this out earlier I found it oh it's the
side yeah no it's this
what's this place I thought oh please
one figure the song
how could I laugh find a little
delicious
now you just pull it out Dave and
addressed they even address the
controversial design where everyone was
like where's the things you know because
the the there's an escape pod
that's escape pod and these teeth were
here were meant to push cargo but in
Episode four a new hope lord Vader
or one of the Imperial guys references
escape pod there's no one on board sir
according to the log the crew abandoned
ship right after takeoff it must be a
decoy sir several of the escape pods
have been jettisoned and so Lando says I
added an escape pod to the mandible
docking clamps how did the guards and a
new hope know that Lando had added an
escape pod that was injected at some
point if it wasn't designed to have an
escape pod I don't have much more to say
I think your medications wearing off
where did that man go oh I forgot to
fade out with the chair what is he doing
who well Mike it's time to start talking
about solo a Star Wars story all right I
thought it was terrible
