Mar 7, 2018
Annihilation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtePG4Pon_M
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/971522334124331011
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155468438667634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-annihilation

Half in the bag.
hey Mike yeah I was
thinking about what you were saying
recently about doing some updates to the
store yeah and I decided it's time to
finally get rid of this super old
computer get something you know a little
more modern hmm that's a great idea so I
can get rid of this then yeah I got the
new computer in the back oh thank god I
can't wait to see what this new computer
looks like boy you really annihilated
the old computer speaking of
annihilation
have you seen B'nai elation can you
describe it full no start from the
beginning annihilation is the new film
from writer director Alex garland whose
last film was ex machina you know one of
the best science fiction films and
forever annihilation isn't a reboot or
remake and it's not based on a comic
book it's based on a book but not a
fucking comic book it's slow intense and
intelligent and doesn't treat its
audience like idiots nobody went to see
it Mike what episode of Star Trek didn't
I elation remind you of for some strange
reason I was thinking of the worst
episode of Star Trek The Next Generation
ever called masks asakha is waking
those of you out there know it masks
with Eric Stoltz plural where he fucks
his mom share in that movie right
doesn't know what happens I know I
thought that that was the dumbest thing
ever that I said that because it really
didn't I was just thinking about that
during the movie no no that's a joke so
you could show clips from masks
is there absolutely no correlation well
kind of the the the enterprise gets
infected with a computer program of an
ancient culture and it starts to slowly
transform the enterprise into like Mayan
ruins with like like trees and bricks
and data becomes a like a like a God
I was just chuckling to myself okay I'm
gonna make that comparison just so
outlandish so that's a joke that that
five people will get yet your intro is
beautiful because I thought of several
things while watching this movie one
I thought our society is doomed and and
two I thought movies are doomed everyone
has been saying this is the movie we
need right now
and they said that about the
Ghostbusters 2016 remake they said that
about Black Panther and Ghostbusters
2016 it's like isn't it great to see
four women doing science and then pop
all figs on the microphone he's like
something about spam you have some
serious knowledge to drop and something
that Ghostbusters did so well females
and stem together how often are we
seeing that in media right now well I
think the first question asks is how
often do we see females in film and we
don't go Ghostbusters in black panther
are important films for if you're a
little kid and you want to see a fun
movie that has has you in it like that's
it
so I'm sitting back there and I'm
watching this movie and I'm like oh wait
this entire cast is women and that's one
thing that everyone bitches about is
that there aren't any roles for women if
you look at the top 120 films from 2010
to 2013
not one female leader co-lead that was
stem here's a movie that has five women
in it intelligent women there's nobody
that's I'm getting to that there's no
queef jokes Mike um without being showy
about it or look at us we're doing a
thing this is the first all-female movie
like no one said anything like that no
it's just a movie that has has five
female leads two of them are minorities
african-american one is lesbian and
they're all well one is just a paramedic
but the rest of them are scientists just
a parent just a paramedic I know and so
they're all strong women intelligent
women and they're starring in a science
fiction film there's no man in it and
they don't do dumb things there there's
not like the jokey stupid crap that you
would feel like like should be put into
this movie ya know they treated the
characters like they were intelligent
normal people and I was just like ah and
then you have all this Oscar stuff with
women the most important thing since
sliced bread that no one in the whole
fucking world has talked about this
movie and it's in it's smart and it's
dark and it's not it's very like a
horror movie it's like a David Lynch
movie I was surprised that it was I
thought it was completely Cronenberg
yeah I thought I was gonna be more psy I
mean it is sci-fi but it's definitely
more sci-fi horror well it felt like a
drew upon a lot of different other
science fiction movies I mean so it's
topic you've seen before something comes
from space and it's unknown like the
arrival yeah where what is this thing
we've got to go investigate I go yeah
actually that's a lot like a rival where
they got to go in their ship and slowly
learn what's happening yeah
but this this was more like more horror
driven more like like disease horror
like yeah so it has like body horror
stuff yeah I had a lot of a lot of
strange elements and and and so yeah
you've got people like like creaming in
their pants over like silly comic book
movies about like changing the world and
then here quietly you have a science
fiction horror drama that the studio has
no faith in so they're dumping it on
Netflix everywhere but the u.s. yeah and
that's that's another thing too it's
like well-reviewed
so so this is a movie that has quietly
been released has is is fairly smart it
felt like a movie from like the 70s like
a sci-fi movie from the 70s and and is
intelligent is thought-provoking it's
it kind of makes you think you watch it
you know what's going on this they're no
dumb tropes in it and then it's
completely failed it with all the talk
that this is the the time for women the
uprising of women in Hollywood you know
women don't get enough roles this you
know women need positive role models and
movies and they're like this is it on a
fucking silver platter and no one talked
about it I found it surprising I think a
part of it is when they say that they
want these movies you know to have
representation and equal you know equal
screen time for everybody
they're talking about the the like mass
appeal movies and unfortunately the mass
appeal movies are all dumb this movie if
it had come out 20 years ago would be
just fine it would be a theatrical
release so that people would actually go
see and enjoy but now it's like what is
this I don't know what it is I don't
care I'm gonna go see Black Panther for
the fifth time and that's what I meant
by that movies are dying yeah because
like people people have been conditioned
to dumb or obvious yeah where the the
choices are becoming slimmer and slimmer
and slimmer and and this is a good
example of of where you've got a studio
oh we've got this really good movie buy
this this really great filmmaker who
made a popular movie before yeah
Oh watch it this this is gonna bore
people like oh god oh god what do we do
dump it on Netflix yeah and so very it's
like this it's like it's like the the
bottlenecking almost and soon it's just
going to be Marvel's Avengers Avengers
Avengers black panther - black panther -
Wonder Woman - Wonder Woman three you
know a cartoon movie a Pixar movie The
Smurfs for you know and then it that's
it those are going to be your only
choices in theaters yeah and then
everything else is going to be in some
other platform and so I'm like watching
this I'm like yeah I like this they're
all the characters without me they're
they're all well-defined without being
like overwritten yeah you know where
it's like this is the character that has
this personality and it's like like
really like
knows about it Jennifer Jason Leigh
feels like she's maybe taken too much
prozac or something she's a little
sleepy throughout this movie while she's
dying cancer Oh spoilers I guess it
doesn't matter because nobody saw this
movie nobody will yeah yeah yeah sure
her performance was interesting I'll say
that it was off-putting at first like
once you get to know what's going on
whether it makes a little more sense but
at the very beginning is like what is
well this is a choice what is this this
is an actor choice and I don't guess she
was she was defeated yeah in life yeah
no well that's the thing too is like I
wasn't when I when I was the first time
you see her I was like what is with this
but I wasn't there wasn't that instant
gratification where they immediately
explain to you why that character is the
way it is you gradually learn it and
that's why we're satisfied yeah and like
watching this movie it's not like okay
here's what it's about it's not okay
we've got to do the thing to stop the
aliens you know of the alien invasion
it's showing you in the beginning it's a
meteorite that crashes towards Earth and
then it creates this this bubble it's
almost like the dome if you ever watch
that TV series I haven't under the dome
it's called um and so but but it's sort
of like it's almost like a like a bubble
like when you blow a bubble yeah there's
like a weird rainbow II prismatic effect
and then that's what's going on in there
it's like kind of confusing
scientifically so you have to kind of
pay attention because it's like well
there's a weird prism effect happening
with DNA and cells and so they're kind
of like duplicating and so it's like
okay well that's that's happening but
it's you know there's other things going
on it's like I don't know I got a lot of
like duality Natalie Portman plays a
biology professor at John Hopkins so
she's basically a doctor and she's
talking about cell division cancer cells
dividing yeah the beginning and so then
there's the there's some that's what I
thought was a David Lynch film because
there's doppelgangers yeah and then she
has an affair her husband is over
here and and that she has an affair with
a married man splitting cells apart and
and so there's like like little themes
of things going on there the two dear
yes a pop up which which I thought and
here's one of my theories was that the
woman who got mauled by the bear she had
a little story about how her daughter
died of cancer
mm-hmm and so she's like now I'm a
different person so she just separated
from her daughter and then she dies and
then narrowly Portman sees these two
deer in in the woods and one looks like
a mother one looks like a daughter and
then they run off so it's like they've
been transformed transformative duality
separation there's like like it's not
just like here's what the movies about
you you sit there and you you interpret
kind of what you think it's about this
is all very interesting you remember
that part in black panther when they
fought on the run ah services
so yeah i sat there and I was like just
ingesting this and then it just got
creepy as fuck there's a good chunk
towards the end I guess we're in
spoilers fuck it there's like it yeah
like a 20 minute chunk where there's no
dialogue it's all visual storytelling
the soundtrack or enemy of I don't know
if you've seen under the skin with
Scarlett Johansson but yeah like these
creepy sounds and then like the
doppelganger which kind of resembles the
alien at the end of under the skin it
also reminded me of Doctor Doom from the
Josh Trank Fantastic Four remember in
that there's sort of like half-formed
not a lot of detail on it yeah all that
stuff was fantastic when they get to the
lighthouse and it's it's it's really
good like science the alien visuals that
they haven't seen before yeah also in
speaking of things I haven't seen before
just the whole concept the idea that
like all DNA under this dome is like the
same like you can you can mix with like
plants and different animals can mix and
you end up with one of the scariest
things I've seen in forever which is
this weird bare human hybrid thing with
like a like a skull face and when it
opens its mouth instead of roaring it's
like a human voice screaming it's like
nightmares like it mimicked yeah the
things mimic each other cuz there's a
alligator attack at first and but but
Natalie Portman opens up its mouth and
she's like it has teeth like a shark and
she they're like did a crossbreed with
the shark no no species can't do that
but lo and behold they have and so the
bear thing is like yeah it's mimicking
human voices and that that scene was was
pretty horrifying that was great but the
ending is so ambiguous and strange and
and the the climax you mean not the end
end not the end yet no the climax
because then you have you have the guy
in the the hazmat suit who's asking
Natalie Portman questions later and he's
like so was it was it a carbon-based
life-form was it from space it was so
great just every I don't know what did
it want I don't know what was it trying
to account I don't know like that was so
great and and not in like a unsatisfying
way to or you're like oh I want to know
like it doesn't matter in the context of
the story alright there's a little tease
of the
and then that may not have been natalie
portman that left but you know well that
that's I was curious cuz I thought I had
read something before seeing the movie
that there was like a conflict with the
studio between like Alice garland
director and his producer those two
against one of the like finance ears
from paramount that the movie was too
slow to you know weird and different
where he wanted him to do reshoots and
changed some stuff so I was watching the
movie kind of with our minds this is
what happened this is what they do but I
was watching the movie and those the
framing device with Natalie Portman
being interviewed by the guys in the
hazmat suits I was like is this a
reshoot cuz this feels like like we're
helping the audience along yeah like you
know she's gonna be okay and it kind of
deflates a little bit but apparently the
producer who was on Alex garland side he
had final cut so this was the movie they
intended to make which is a little
surprising because yeah I thought the
the framing device didn't really work
for me because it's like yeah okay well
we know she gets out
but then there's kind of the twist at
the end which I also thought would have
been like it felt like a studio tacked
on know like we gotta have a little
twist at the ends like it felt kind of
obvious yeah yeah so that was a negative
sharks uptake like that not possible you
can't cross great difference being so
yeah interesting interesting movie and
I'm wondering just I was talking briefly
about the visuals and the sciency stuff
just HR Giger kind of alien ask that
when she goes down into the hole yeah
that stuff and then just the weird
tendrils and the sinewy kind of gross
this on the walls there's they when they
go to the first so odd yeah be specific
to where it's not like yeah this is what
an alien monster would make this this
lighthouse look like right but it was
just like well it like yeah like gross
things you see in science or in human
anatomy or whatever that just don't
quite make sense yeah but it looks
natural I get much an HR Giger but his
stuff is very stylized yeah yeah I just
went that dark cave II sure area under
but that's that's what I like is that it
it didn't feel like anything I've seen
in a movie like this before and then
early on when they go to the the first
camp and they find the guy who would
like the hole in his chest and he's just
like splattered all over the wall it's
like it's grotesque but it's also kind
of like it looks like modern art or
something yeah it's very or there are
the people that are growing out of
plants yeah the plants are taking shape
of the humans that live there yeah
they're in that farm but then you have
the the crystalline glass things growing
out of the sand because that's what sand
is it's it's glass right and it's like
it's just like oh I'm gonna take this
DNA from the glass and just make this
thing and I was like oh that's just it
feels like a weird disease it's cancer
basically cuz that's what the movie
started its just do it it's think it's
not trying to take over the world that's
just what it is so it's a it's a
biological entity that has invaded earth
much like a cancer invades people
because that's mentioned three times in
the film Jennifer Jason Leigh has cancer
the woman's daughter dies of cancer and
an apartment is talking about cancer
cells in her class yes and so basically
it's like what if an alien cancer came
to earth it's kind of like the happening
just just not stupid it's not stupid
well there is like a there's a wild
animal attack in the happening - just a
little bit well Mike you are known to be
the biggest fan of Natalie Portman's
acting what did you think of her in this
film you know Jay at first I was like I
can't I can dig this I think she's doing
a pretty good job in this but then there
were some lines where she said them and
I was oh wait that should have been said
differently like there's one like kind
of like weighted question that she asked
somebody and and it was like why did you
do that now and I wanted to hear her say
like why did you do that like like you
know what I mean where it's like she
turned into very natalie portman
performance yeah and it wasn't like I
was like mmm at first like when she had
a couple of the scenes with Oscar Isaac
and they're doing some stuff and she was
like talking to him I think was when he
came back from from war and she's
grilling them in this part but then sort
of like she didn't seem like she knew
what movie she was in a very standard
natalie portman perform it was a pretty
standard now well we should point out
though Natalie Portman was in the Star
Wars prequels yes and Oscar Isaac is in
the new Star Wars film Queen Amidala
meet Poe damning and then we also have
Tessa Thompson is in this who's in thor
ragnarok
and Natalie Portman was in the first two
Thor films yes yes and Oscar Isaac aka
Poe Dameron was in ex machina as was
general Hawkes oh my god that's right I
didn't think about that connection but
we should point out that Oscar Isaac
does 100 percent less dancing in this
film than he did an ex machina
there's no dancing and he looks like
he's on drugs I mean that's what he's
playing and Oscar Isaac is Oscar Isaac
Jason Isaacs is with an S and he is on
Star Trek discovered Jason Isaacs was on
a TV show called awake which is what no
one else in the theater was during this
film it's destroying everything it's not
destroyed
it's making something new so Mike would
you recommend annihilation it's probably
out of theaters already oh absolutely I
know it's on Netflix in other countries
I think I'm like March 13th so I don't
know if it'll be on us Netflix that
early probably not that would be really
weird well I mean that was the the
controversy with this and it's it's
multi-layered and it becomes confusing
and Quentin makes your eyes cross now
out of the confusion because here you
had a movie and this is normally a movie
we'd say oh thank god it's on Netflix I
just want to watch this at home and so
we will put in theaters yeah usually
they dump movies that have blow scores
on Netflix
this one had a high score so they put it
in theaters but it bombed in the
theaters and so then they were gonna put
it on Netflix in every country about the
US and everybody over there said we want
to see this in theater yeah and so it's
a it's a big mess why why you'd think it
would be the the invert because
Americans are are dumb and so it's like
that they only want to see the Avengers
yeah and Mickey Mouse movies into
theaters or whatever
Sherlock no Americans want to see dumb
junk yeah in the theaters and and then
smarter people will sit home in like a
wing chair with a brand beam and they
watch they just movies they watch movies
from 40 years ago and say well why are
we not like this anymore
but the rest of the world Europe and
Asia everyone's smarter than us so they
go to the Kino or or or the cinema yes
and they watch this movie in fact if
this played in in all European countries
in this in the cinemas it would be like
packed theaters of completely silent and
respectful people that is brilliant what
did you get from that film well
as a reflection they'll talk with
British accents even in G even in
Germany and Italy they'll they all talk
with British accent yeah and they said
this was brilliant but for some reason
they put it in theaters in the US and
theatres in the US are only a place
where people go to eat nachos and pizza
in shame in the dark
well it's time to start up this old
monitor Oh it's booting command
huh
some kind of program running accessing
CIA database do you wish to continue
should we just delete this so we can put
our own files on yeah okay okay now it's
pouring
