Jan 28, 2018
Maze Runner: The Death Cure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XPF3Snm9JE
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/957787588127002624
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155370992862634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-maze-runner-the-death-cure

Half in the bag.
so what do you think Jay
75 or 80 I don't understand the question
inch as in TV HD TV I'm thinking about
getting a new one I'm still gonna go on
with the 75 inch but for like $2,000
more I could get an 80 I didn't know you
had the kind of money to buy a new HDTV
Mike well I don't I mean not yet someday
I will hopefully just planning planning
for the future nothing wrong with that
mr. Prickett but where are you going
somewhere it's taking a trip oh no no no
no nothing nothing silly like that I'm
just bringing this suitcase full of old
clothes to the thrift store for charity
right that's right you did good yes
charity mmm well that's very kind of you
just remember to get a receipt so that
you could write it off on your taxes I
want to make sure you have as much money
as possible
Yeah right right okay bye what a kindly
old man it's no wonder you fell madly in
love with him and it has nothing to do
with gay pheromones I'm sorry what so
Jay did you have a chance to sign that
contract I gave you you know the one I
had a sketchy lawyer draw up I mean a
lawyer drop I sure did we sure did I
dropped it off yesterday great at the
office I told you to drop it off
absolutely that's exactly where I
dropped off the contracts excellent
excellent
everything's going according to plan I
mean for you too for your love right
well the fuck is that oh I don't know
maybe I should go check it out while you
wait here
yeah click it usually doesn't have cars
that pull up into his driveway and honk
their horn yeah just sit back here and
relax
sounded like running close the door and
ran through strange
Chappell oh love Las Vegas huh I thought
we had all decided on the ritz-carlton a
prenup
but Jay said he dropped this off at the
lawyer's office huh they must have made
a second copy for their own records eat
a bag of dicks
viva la Plunkett huh they must have used
the second copy of the contract to
practice what they plan to write on the
stall of a public restroom
oh my god they're planning to elope to
Las Vegas I gotta go so sorry that I'm
late I was on set all day setting
setting up my church for the Christmas
parade pageant hey aren't you famous
Hollywood screenwriter Ronald Adams the
guy responsible for such hits as time
and again interesting lives and the
greatest love story no no I get that all
the time but I am just a man of God and
certainly not a screenwriter that makes
quirky and interesting films about
lovable odd yet realistic characters oh
but I do like to start each sermon by
having every participant in the wedding
gotta tell me a little bit about
themselves you know like where you grew
up what your family was like any any
sort of plot point anything that made
your relationship special well for me it
really begins in 1903 you see I was born
at a whorehouse in Paris I object to
this wedding
my cue huckster fuck I read your prenup
it said that if mr. plinkus dies you get
all of his money
well that's fake news Jay or actually
it's true you're probably very confused
you see we're VCR repairman in Milwaukee
Wisconsin and we've spent the last
several years of our lives scamming this
elderly man out of his life savings by
pretending to fix his VCR while we
really just talk about movies we've had
many many misadventures oh it's so true
remember that time you murdered me and
buried me under the floorboards of my
own home and that other time where my
house fell into Lake Michigan so many
misadventure this is good this is really
good oh yeah this is very good fact that
could make up years of a terrible web
straight this is great why don't you
tell me more stories of how you guys met
this is I also object to this wedding
for you I wouldn't expect you to
recognize me dad I'm your son yeah we
got that when you said dad yeah yeah I'm
your son which one the one you throw
into a volcano
which one which Center which volcano
both Mount st. Helens 1980
Oh Daniel why did you throw your baby
into a volcano
well me and my third wife Helen her
name's just a coincidence
we were members of a doomsday sex cult
in Washington State back in 1980 and you
see the cult taught us that if we
sacrificed our firstborn male son then
the volcano gods and ax would grant us
immortality Sam do Zandu X a and D you I
survived that plunge into the volcano
and I was raised by a group of trapped
geologists on the side of the mountain
oh man so mr. Plunkett is immortal well
Jay
that explains why all of our attempts to
kill him have failed I mean we've never
attempted to kill him oh he is immortal
but not because of the sacrifice as you
could tell I am clearly still here
the reason he is immortal oh yeah yeah
that's fine
Daniel I think you're double-parked now
you should go go now no wait Daniel why
don't you tell us why mr. plinkus is
immortal oh I am double-parked
but the reason mr. Plunkett is immortal
is because Zandu was so impressed by mr.
planket sacrifice that he fell in love
with him
and he granted mr. blinken immortality
in exchange for in exchange for what
every-night Zandu comes to me in my
dreams and we copulate in the astral
plane all right yeah
Joe sandy are you doing baby
sexy yeah fuck me plate it to rot smear
fat fuck oh yeah baby
yeah it's gross you bastard
you've been cheating on me with a
volcano god I was in love with you Harry
wrong idiots neither of you two were
really in love you know all that cake
I've been feeding you well it's been
infused with gay pheromones I win I win
you are wrong sir wrong you see they
just aired this on the news today this
morning Pillsbury announced that they
are recalling 10,000 boxes of their
popular cake mix which contained gay
pheromones the pheromones infused with
the popular cake mix were proven to be
inactive if your box is marked with the
following serial numbers please return
it to where you purchased it from for a
full refund
so you see there's no such thing as gay
pheromones because of manufacturing
defect no sadly J I really did fall in
love with you and I you Harry oh my
sweet tiny prince I'm sorry I didn't
tell you about my nightly affair with a
volcano god
Oh
silence portal
it's Zandu run oh my god let's get out
of here what's second thought let's stay
here wait the fires wood away let's try
again he's plucked one of seven exits
always sense the upcoming nuptials of my
mortal lover and I'm here to also stop
this wedding
you see this is what I've been trying to
tell everyone
Harry signs this blood oath with Zandu
and if they don't copulate Knightly
Xander will make Mount st. Helens
erupted it already does erupted the
volcano whoa Oh crows I've dedicated my
life to monitoring seismic activity on
Mount st. Helens I could tell something
was wrong this wedding has angered
Xander's eyelids you mortal fuck oh no
my best friend Harry if you marry this
little boy with the grown man's beard
the volcanic eruption will kill millions
you will also no longer have immortality
it's your choice but I warn you not to
anger me father whatever your name is
Marius
No don't do it don't marry them no Harry
I appreciate you willing to sacrifice
millions of lives for your own happiness
but we can't wait where are you going
I'm going back where I belong Milwaukee
to be a VCR repairman with my best
friend Mike who betrayed me for his own
selfish reasons
that's right Jay it's time to get back
to work
speaking of work have you seen Mazur
under the death cure you know I have
seen it but I had no idea what was
happening because I haven't seen the
other films
I give it a 4 out of 10 and don't forget
subscribe to our channel and smash that
like button who are you talking to and
follow us on Instagram Twitter and
Facebook they do that all the time they
just stare at my wall but well in here
everybody's well get some gambling in
see you tonight sound ooh
so how long have you been a volcano
garden since time immemorial cool cool
I've been doing this for a couple years
so you know maybe we got some bodies
