Mar 19, 2018
Demon House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8elLwSfGEM
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/975908659606818816
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155501084232634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-demon-house

Half in the bag.
I don't even know what's wrong with my face.
it's here the movie J has literally been waiting
years to see its zak bagans demon house
a documentary about a house possessed by
a hundred demons which is the least
scariest thing in Gary Indiana our floor
is not a garbage the table is I'm sorry
Jay what did you think of the demon
house well better question is Mike why
did we watch demon house well you were a
fan of documentaries I am what does that
have to do with this fictional film Jay
I know I know I get um you know I get I
get I got made fun of a lot because you
believe in ghosts
well here's the thing let me let me just
clear the air
I am a a rational skeptic I am NOT a a
person who blindly believes in ghosts or
the paranormal I find it all fascinating
and I find I think the show Ghost
Adventures which is I've been watching
for a long time ever since their
original documentary oh my god you own
it how embarrassing for most 2006 this
is currently going for 50 bucks on
Amazon
oh no it's out of print released by the
esteemed echo bridge entertainment in
their very first documentary they go to
a place in Nevada the Goldfield hotel
and they capture a full-body apparition
and then the big thing at the end is
they're walking around kind of this like
run-down basement and they see a brick
fly is that you making all the noise
and then they bring in a video analyst
and he's like you don't see a string I'm
looking at all the video imagery and
pixels and stuff and I don't see a
string I'm gonna bring up some graphics
right here in a second that's going to
show you of a straight line on which if
the brick was launched or pulled in any
way that it would have gone in a
straight line and you'll be able to see
that underneath the line you'll be able
to see the brick come right here
underneath the line there kind of dip
down underneath of it right there here's
another view of it dip down and kind of
and went in an arch there so in my
opinion that it doesn't look like it's
been tampered with it looks like that
some something through this brick well
if these guys have never heard of them
my life say it's real that it must be
real right the fourth floor just as we
passed an open stairwell something
rushed at us we could hear steps and
clanging coming right for us
another interesting thing is the
documentary ends with an epilogue about
a year later where a news crew from
Nevada goes to the Goldfield Hotel did
the news fake it I don't know but they
captured some pretty amazing evidence
and their very first documentary thus
began the Travel Channel show called
Ghost Adventures about four or five
seasons 18 no way what seasons of this
stupid show hurts to believe yes well
they're not like if it hasn't been on
for 18 years I believe that even less
than I believe in ghosts it hasn't been
on for 18 years but there are 18 seasons
oh my god I mean they're like 1012
episodes and so Ghost Adventures has has
sort of become a guilty pleasure of mine
where I watch it and zak bagans he's a
fascinating media personality to me the
three of us will travel to some of the
most highly active
paranormal locations where we will spend
an entire night being locked down from
dusk until dawn
reach your final destination hell he's
he's part genuine but also part part
charlatan that's something I wanted to
bring up I have not watched hardly any
Ghost Adventures just a few clips here
and there and you talked about this
first documentary where they they
capture all this amazing stuff you see
an actual operation and you compare that
to this new film demon house where they
don't capture anything and it's like the
most boring documentary documentary ever
about the paranormal but he has that
quality where I think he is partially
genuine about his love for the
paranormal or interest in the paranormal
but he also comes across like a like an
actual real world hack fraud he has the
famous zak bagans haunted Museum in las
vegas and which is interesting for some
of the actual like real tangible things
that are there you have like the the
cauldron that
Ed Gein like boiled people in and like
Jack kevorkians van and things like that
I find interesting but then like to get
into the museum he has like a like a
soltahr machine of himself and he's like
you will see some wonders and scary
things inside my haunted Museum and then
later they mentioned that he's uh one of
his big inspirations was PT Barnum it's
like that makes perfect sense their
world hucksters this way to the egress
yeah and if you've ever seen I think he
wrote a book Oh No and have you ever
seen the cover of the book it's it's
straight out of satire
I can't take him like his voice I just
cannot take him seriously is this the ex
that you used to kill eight people just
then my digital recorder captured an EVP
that sounds like an evil spirit laughing
at my questions him trying to talk like
seriously about these things he just
comes across comical all the time and be
like if I tried to narrate something
seriously with like my my nasally steve
buscemi voice like no one's gonna take
that serious there is a quality to his
voice and that is is slightly humorous
we of course should quickly reference
that zak bagans did not invent the ghost
hunting television phenomenon oh it's
been I think the ghost hunters and then
there is a I think there's a ghost
Hunters International well and don't
forget there is the the original
Ghostbusters TV show with monkey oh
right
the topic is very expansive about
details like there's poltergeist
activity things moving
there's EVPs as we mentioned they bring
in more complex ghost hunting equipment
in the later seasons which to me starts
bordering on the kind of territory
because early on and we're going to talk
about the movie soon
we're just contexts this is this is my
other Star Trek this is my interest and
y'all can make fun of me all you want
but look look up the phrase guilty
pleasure okay because early on in the
show it's a dictionary to website early
seasons of the show that show up they do
a lockdown
that means we're locked into our
location and they would lock themselves
down which I guess meant no producers or
production assistants could interfere
there's no one pulling invisible string
right now so they would lock down and
they'd have X cameras they'd set up
cameras around and they'd walk around
with night vision stuff and they'd have
digital recorders and so basically at
the end of the show you get you'd get a
ton of EVPs and it's real some of stuff
it's like okay if they faked it they
were like I I don't give the creativity
of people that work on a Travel Channel
show that much credit how subtle some of
the stuff is where it's like okay they
peek around a corner and as their Pete
you're on a corner you see like this
black mass and then it kind of moves
away to where it's not a shadow but it
kind of looks like it's intelligently
moving away it's like what was that and
then he tries to recreate it and it's
not there that's what what what you know
it's very subtle and it's on this grainy
video which is hard to reproduce then
those are the good seasons early birth
later on then they bring in something
called a spirit box oh yeah which is a
device that cycles through radio
frequencies at a rapid pace it can sit
there for an hour and you not hear
anything and then a voice will come
through right on top and you know where
did that come from and so that's when I
start getting like and then the really
bad stuff is they
a thing where it's like it's like they
enter they type in a text and then it
goes text messages them back like
picture is some like like production
assistant like typing in a text message
and sending it to the device sure yeah
and zak bagans here knows that zach is
not here but I think I mentioned Ghost
Adventures years and years and years ago
on our program okay on one of our
programs probably this one okay and we
received an anonymous email from someone
who claimed to have worked on the show
know who said that routinely production
assistants would would make noises or
throw things they were told to do stuff
like this this is a shocking revelation
to me i'm zak bagans I'm one of the
world's leading researchers on ghosts
and demons
it's a very quiet movie very kind of dry
the first half very dry very dry yeah I
don't know if you want to give me your
documentary reactionary perspective well
like I said like I didn't even really
view this as a documentary I mean
there's I don't give a crap about
paranormal stuff for the most part well
you're a big fan of The Exorcist movies
well that's that's what I'm gonna say is
like like I don't care about supposedly
real-world paranormal stuff unless the
specifics are legitimately interesting
like the famous Amityville tour you know
the I don't think this is in the
original movie but I know it's from the
book and of course this has all been
debunked but the idea of like the little
girl is like talking to look at giant
pig monsters like that's in the book and
things like that that are like oh that's
kind of creepy and interesting and this
movie is pretty dull when it comes to
the specifics or the interesting stuff
related to the the paranormal aspects to
it like I don't know with some little
kids swear and get mad no it's well like
there's just not a whole lot to it to
the point where like of all the things
that zak bagans
investigated like this is the feature
like I don't know I bet there's probably
been more like the velasca ex murder
house like that's interesting to me and
this is just like oh this salami house
has demons in it yeah that was a little
lacking was kind of the backstory of the
house he he referenced the fact that
four or five people died in it like the
brother of someone died it seemed to me
like there was a lot of information that
was being held back on this documentary
especially the part when he's talking
about Hollywood wanting the rights
Hollywood owning the rights basically to
this story yeah and the unnamed
Hollywood producers is badgering zak
bagans about him making this documentary
a name he blurs out and disguises the
voice on the phone
jason blum and basically he's like you
have purchased rokubu note the film over
Faulker zak bagans don't you threaten me
bro I'm gonna come at you and it's like
so then the family that was in the house
doesn't want to talk to Zach because
they don't they want to hold out for
money yeah and that's the that's the
case with every haunted house even
Amityville oh yeah where it's like it's
a fake they're a fake in it and everyone
sets lived in the house since nothing's
happened but and then it's like oh and
and and choose ax credit he addresses
that in a large chunk of this film is is
this a hoax he does but it almost
doesn't no way to like then later prove
that it's real or he's like I'm gonna
show you all the The Skeptical stuff but
I stayed overnight in the house and I
saw I saw a shadow so it's real bro
the challenge appeal by Ichiro
I boycotted the Winchester movie with
Helen Mirren sure because old lady
Winchester her family made the
Winchester rifle a whole bunch of people
got shot by Winchester rifles so she
went crazy and thought all the ghosts of
the people that got killed were coming
to get her yeah so she commissioned this
mansion to be built and was like making
stairs that go nowhere you know that's
interesting if that's an interest but if
you watch the movie I'm sure everything
explodes and and that's the stuff that
annoys me is when they the face that I
Troost so that's why I like the demon
house documentary because it was so
subtle and they didn't really go over
the top and maybe and and like when I
watch it like I think I've said this
before I want to watch a movie where the
scariest thing that happens is the chair
moves sure because that to me is closer
to reality of potential real-life
hauntings like and and really the what
happened at the end of this movie was so
subtle but really creepy yeah to me
saying that's like his to me I was
watching I wasn't watching this as like
a real documentary I was watching it
almost as like a horror movie and it was
so subtle that it was anticlimactic
because we have like an hour-and-a-half
build-up of them talking about this
house and the people that have lived
there and all the backstory and then the
big climax of the movie is act back and
saying I'm gonna stay overnight and then
he does and then he has his camera on
night vision and he gets spooked and he
drops it and it goes out of focus
conveniently right when a spook goes by
you see like a vague shadow out of focus
in the background and that happens right
after the camera goes out of what you do
hear you hear a growl noise and you're
hear footsteps leading up to that yes
when he throws something at it and he's
like stay back stay back
right that's the big climactic ending to
the film but but the bulk of the movie
is is more less about evidence which was
which was what was a little
disappointing to me because really like
in the show this is not if you really
like the Ghost Adventures show this is
very different than the show and I think
the story behind this
was they were making this into a show
but just they had just too much stuff so
they decided to make it into a movie dad
I don't think there was enough stuff to
work in a movie after watching it I was
like oh my god all this crazy crazy
shits gonna happen there guy so much
stuff but really it was very sparse with
with the evidence yeah so I was kind of
surprised at that and usually in the
show it's like they go they go like
full-on with their investigation we got
we've got Jay Wasley we got Billy Tolley
we got Aaron Goodwin and and they go
we're all going in so when Billy's going
in the basement
Aaron's going in the Attic Aaron has six
different pieces of equipment we've got
19 cameras going on and I really thought
they're gonna give the demon house the
full Ghost Adventures treatment with
every available even bring in Bill
Chappell and we'll probably get killed
this is gonna die of a heart attack just
bring in bring in Bill Chappell his
toupee is gonna fly off um and I'm glad
you're making yourself laugh because I
don't know what you're talking about
and and so but really it came down to
just snack and I think that was because
the bulk of the movie was this house can
really negatively affect people well it
can negatively affect you for watching
it the movie opens with a warning that
demons and ghosts and ghouls can get you
can get you through electronic devices
so merely watching the movie you could
be inviting a demon into your into your
face I've been terrified ever since I'm
I'm I'm picking up on untouchable voice
I don't know if that's true our audience
but no but my sarcasm is gonna transmit
through electrical devices the lower
YouTube the list of a list of bad things
that happen to all the people associated
with the house is pretty impressive
coincidental possibly share pretty
impressive although there was one thing
that kind of annoy me they were talking
about the children that lived in the
house and how they got at one point all
like violently angry and they were like
swearing at the parents or the mom at
least I don't think the dad was in the
picture and they talk about an incident
where one of the kids is they take him
to a hospital because he's acting weird
and multiple people mentioned that the
kid climbed up the wall but they never
bothered to elaborate on what that means
and I was just thinking about like like
they don't mention the possibility of
like mental health problems like in this
like if that's something that runs in
this family or if that's the case with
this kid
they don't really mention that at all
and that would like that was like the
first thing I thought of is like oh the
kid's got issues yeah but they don't
really touch them they just kind of
brush over that well yeah the family
seemed to not be in the picture too much
they they eventually found someone that
had lived in the house prior yeah and
they got involved and then the the
daughter that was in the house like a
few days later tried to kill herself
so then they take her to the priest at
the church and try to exorcise the demon
so I don't know I think what I was
saying was the point was was that people
that go into this house can be really
negatively affected outside of it like
the cameraman yeah who unfortunately
seemed like a sketchy dude to begin with
yes wasn't videographer man yeah like
I'm videographer man and went funky that
shit he looked like someone you find off
of Craigslist want cameraman to work for
copy and credit yeah and this this this
scumbag shows up well if you look like
you may have like I don't know been on
some kind of drugs he was friends with
Jay Wasley apparently Jay what he was
referred to them by Jay Wasley was the
guy with the beard and and he's into
like kind of a cult e stuff and weird
things I think he has a pentagram tattoo
and he's into mysticism and so he
probably has some fucking weird friends
so yeah the the fact that this guy
seemed like like a methamphetamine
addict who was flipping out in the hotel
didn't add to the credibility yeah oh
yeah he because they say the house can
give you like really strong negative
emotions so then they show him at the
hotel later and he's like storming up
and down the hallways and he's like
yelling at the elevator and yeah it just
seems like he's on drugs like yeah it's
unfortunate that but then then you have
that old guy who is the the technical
expert now and then his organs started
to fail in E and
up in the hospital yeah and so but then
it's like with stuff like that you're
like this is staged I don't know I want
evidence I want to see evidence and then
they have a weird black shadow that
comes over that was kind of neat and
then the ending was neat but ya lacking
on investigational tools I would have I
would have pulled out all the guns all
the stops pull out pull out all the
stops bring in every piece of paranormal
equipment you have I wanted that
the spirit box going in that demon house
that demon would have talked to Zach
through the fucking spirit box all he
had to do was bring it in the house no
he didn't bring it
or even an EVP thing I think caught a
voice he heard a voice but where is the
spirit box and where's the SLS camera
and you know it was very different than
the show and I think fans of the show
probably would have wanted the Ghost
Adventures full treatment on the demon
house before they demolished it oh yeah
so kind of focus was a little little off
well and we do have to talk about the
most important aspect of the movie which
is zak bagans he stays overnight in the
house locks himself up boards up all the
windows and the doors so he's just
completely owned in the house and he
gets he gets spooked so hard by these
ghosts that they make him blur his
vision and he has to wear glasses for
the rest of his life because he got
haunted so hard that's that would suck
again I'm picking up this is so funny
yes I started to hurt him and he is
permanent double vision yes as to her
prism glasses because he because the the
the demons got to him so hard
in my 37 years of police investigation
I've never run into anything like that
before I just got the keys to the demon
house you think it's dangerous for me to
be in that house
I wouldn't be there I am I am a healthy
skeptic sure and I understand the
showmanship I'm interested in like if
there's some like like at the ex house
again like if there's a story behind it
I don't care so much about the
paranormal stuff like if you want to say
like oh people were murdered here and
now they're haunting it the guy the
haunting parts fine I'm interested in
the real-world parts of it and I think
that's the problem of this documentary
is that the real-world parts aren't
terribly interesting yeah yeah not a lot
of backstory to the house I wanted to
hear like in 1960 something someone got
stabbed in the eye ear yeah and then ten
years later they reported that they saw
an apparition of a guy with a stabbed
I'm yeah I want that yeah the backstory
why this house yeah he and then he says
some kind of vague vague reasoning like
demons are attracted to like poverty and
misery and murder but that that's
another aspect is the idea that this is
yeah it's in Gary Indiana which is very
very low-income city and you could say
it's a slow me it's a slow Michael
Jackson scrums from Gary that's true
that's true
but yeah so like all the people he's
talking to or super low income and yeah
they even mentioned that they're holding
out for money from the big Hollywood
producers so it's like yeah you're
making me not want to believe anything
you're saying
but but providing that that counterpoint
is important in documentaries sure
because documentaries can be very
manipulative
there's a lot of lot of ways to do that
so providing counter points providing
all the evidence but if if Zach as he
does legitimately believe that demons
are real I can't say I blame them for
trying to talk too much with a demon
tell me more give me more stuff from my
you've killed people people leave this
place get run down by buses five minutes
their organs fail after they leave this
device in your face demon than a suspect
its suspect after after he then he
demolishes the house nobody else can go
poking around in there well he bought
the house he wouldn't even be able to
demolish it yeah I guess that's true but
then you can say his act led us in your
house that's kind of sold tours inside
that house but then people might get
killed before it was like little cook
they called 911 they called night there
was an unidentifiable voice so yeah
demon house from watching Ghost
Adventures pretty religiously knowing
lots about ghost hunting and and all the
methods and tools used I expected to see
a little more of that so it seems kind
of like half measure like you want this
the backstory of the house yeah I want
more investigational stuff evidence
gathering and there seemed to be kind of
a little bit of both not enough to lean
in either direction yeah it didn't feel
like an justified being a feature film
as opposed to an episode of The Ghost
Adventures show maybe the first like
third of it was a little dry but then it
started to ramp up become more
compelling the kind of the mounting
stuff of what was happening to people
and then some of the evidence that
happened in the in the film was good to
where it satisfied me in in the regard
of I am tired of movies like Winchester
house where this explosions and they say
it's basically I like real stuff and
and I'm glad they didn't go over the top
with the crazy but the ghost hunting
stuff it's like you you damned if you do
you're damned if you don't
yeah you get something that's too good
everyone knows you get something that's
that's too like mm then people go that's
just the noise yeah you know so you
gotta find that middle ground of
evidence that's just compelling enough
and I think that's kind of the the the
warm area where this landed to me but
there was I think there's one EVP or
Zachary
or they heard they heard a lady of go I
heard yeah they heard a woman's voice
coming from the basement that sounded
like like a post-production like added
that voice yeah or or they were nearer
there were near an exterior wall of the
house and it could've been a favor I'd
like calling for their dog to where it's
so faint yeah and so you're like yeah
and and that's that's of the fascinates
me this is you make fun of me my
interest in paranormal stuff but that's
what it is it's an interest sure and I'm
not I'm not a blind like that's amazing
I love it it's real right I go the
roller coaster of feelings it's a roller
coaster of emotions but zak bagans he's
interesting because he's got that he's
got the top hat and everything and
there's something there's something
about him where it's just like what now
whenever I see him I just picture that
Zoltar machine leave the Zoltar machine
completely tainted him forever for me
but I would recommend daemon house if
you're a fan of like ghost investigation
stuff it's fine yes but if you're
looking for an interesting story there's
not a whole lot there I think there's
enough fans of the TV show and that the
film will do just fine
face it doesn't want me at once we
should talk about the poster briefly
before we wrap up the the highly
original poster they know we posted that
famous tweet now that the movie Twitter
account likes they liked are making fun
of their unoriginal poster apparently
you think that's zak bagans himself
running that account no because remember
demons can transmit through electronic
devices he doesn't want to get possessed
through twitter there's a movie why am
they made yet not yet my Twitter account
is haunted some great time what's that
what's a Twitter pun that could be the
title of a movie about a ghost in
Twitter 140 characters on your tombstone
although I guess that's 280 they ruined
it Oh lightning-fast VCR repair this is
Mike how can I help you
sweet mama Cass will be right there
mr. Plunkett put a ham sandwich in his
VCR and he needs it repaired come on J
alright let's go back to work let you go
that way well not under the table
there's no way up
