Apr 2, 2018
Ready Player One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KkGRT_4its
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/980835269703323648
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155535684977634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-ready-player-one

Half in the bag.
I can't stop watching movies.
hmmm this is trash I wonder when they'll
make this into a movie this is the Oasis
it's a place with the limits of reality
are your own imagination people come to
the Oasis for all the things they can do
but they stay because of all the things
they can be well Jay first of all I
wanted to say it's really good we were
able to solve your contract dispute for
half in the back that's true Mike it
would suck to have to replace me
Jay Bowman with a low quality inferior
replacement
it sure would suck to have to do a
review with someone like I don't know
rich well it's time from ready player
one the movie directed by Steven
Spielberg that the huffington post says
is delightful the grown ups harry potter
what the that's what these are reviews
from the book okay as one adventure
leads expertly to the next the time time
simply evaporates the Entertainment
Weekly and I'm not sure what the reviews
are of the movie we're still doing the
voiceover yeah and I'm not sure what the
reviews of the movie are I think it's
doing well well Jay what did you think
of ready player one it sure was a movie
you know you know Mike as as part of the
the stupid popcorn munching American
populous it sure is nice to go and see a
movie and you know everything that's
going to happen from the first frame of
the movie I can't say I hate it but it
really it's it just felt like painting
by the numbers it was a big pile of
trash it was a trash fire you know of
all the spectacle in the movie these
amazing visual effects these elaborate
action sequences and character designs
and explosions and stuff the one thing
that wowed me in the entire film was
getting to hear Simon Pegg do an
American accent hey you heard of me and
made note of it I never heard it I could
not have written ready player one if I
had not grown up on a steady diet of
Steven Spielberg movies everybody I
think who dreams of making movies dreams
of getting to work with
rarely do I read the source material I
read the book why for the okay I did you
read this particular book you know what
I had some downtime uh-huh and I picked
it up and I'm like this isn't bad and I
read it right oh my god I'm a grown man
reading a ye a novel this is shameful so
I put a slipcover over it that was
pornography it's kind of so ashamed like
like like really embarrassing disgusting
pornography but it was like like like
fecal Oh
Vico porn yeah okay okay it was called
the the glass toilet it was like a like
a avant-garde sex novel less interesting
well here's the thing I think that's why
this movie gave me such a headache
because the novel it's cute
it's been called misogynistic and all
sorts of horrible things because it's
it's like because the because the boring
male lead is the hero and not be not be
far more interesting female he it's
basically it's a very simplistic love
story yeah and I'll tell you all the
differences between the book of the
movie from here on out but it says Willy
Wonka Meets The Matrix I'll agree with
the Willy Wonka part but the other half
isn't the matrix this is actually almost
ripped off wholesale and I'm it's I
don't even know why I know this video
game reference mom
no no it's ripping off on a like a 20
year old Nickelodeon cartoon show a
single episode of it whether in a video
game and they have to find the magic
keys
that's the trouble with these online
video games too many unqualified random
players I know what you mean nobody put
us as a clue except for that Kaos guy
that guy's unstoppable and the big the
big strong character who's really good
there really a girl what you're chaos if
you were game savvy you'd know that oh
it's like it's just directly ripped off
you guys I'm here and I aced the test
dude that's great you got a hundred no I
got me - oh solid eh - we're level 13
tecna's has five of the seven silver
keys - warrantees king of the World Wide
Web
so Danny Phantom this is a series or if
it's a series but the video game thing
was just specifically a single episode
oh wow okay hey guys we've got the seven
silver keys to the apocalypse all we
have to do was open the door and we win
the game
ernest cline you better lawyer up
when was this written 2011 okay I'm
pretty sure the show came first but I
don't really know okay well I mean that
like that's the that's the thing with
this is like it's not wholly original
yeah it like the idea of the Oasis
it's just a bunch stuff crammed in there
right and the movie went and took as it
should yeah because you know I totally
keep touching the book fucking crazy
like any movie should or has to you
can't you can't just literally translate
the book on screen because it doesn't
work yeah you have to have different
beats you have to have these emotional
moments you have to you have to like and
it was very to adapt it you have to
adapt it thank you rich um and but but
the the movie went a little far and
instead of adapting it like completely
rearranged again making it more
confusing than it needed to be really
yeah because I was watching and I was
like I don't know what's happening like
a clever opening right was he Parsifal
Wade watts leaves his the trailer park
and he's climbing down the thing and
then they have this camera move and
they're showing like people inside their
little trailers on their things doing
stuff they have like a fat lady on a
pole and her dinner
Isis fantasy she's probably and then
there's some guy like boxing and then
you know so you get the whole you get
the idea I mean like stuff like that
details like that are visual details
that a director would would ya put into
a film or write for the screen that's
not that's kind of stuff is and then
book so I was like okay I get it they're
gonna do some different stuff but like
everything else radically different up
until the last five minutes when it
becomes like Spielberg schmaltz is like
smear it across the screen like that's a
peanut butter all over the screen and up
until then I was
I think I think re translating it back
into movie for me just hurt my brain
filled with the exposition they have a
handle adjust awfully it was necessary
yeah because the first like 25 percent
of the book is Kim kind of explaining
everything okay and there's almost no
character interaction in almost the
first quarter of the book but it's like
okay you got it you got to translate it
for example the race right yeah the race
starts in and it's like okay it's a
literal race and everyone's got cars
uh-huh and it's a great little action
set piece here's the thing or driving on
this track and there's a literal gate
and Godzilla's coming and she wrecks and
then he's back to the Future car
in the book he there's a whole thing
that's cut out where he goes to school
you have to go to public school they've
always okay public schools in the oh you
go to school in the computer yes okay
because like the the Oasis set up free
public school for everyone the holiday
hid the first the first thing in a
forest around his public school where it
was disguised as a Dungeons and Dragons
or some kind of video game talk like a
skull Tunnel and so he goes in this cave
and he has to play like this demon in a
game of Atari joust
and in the book Artemis has been there
for like ten days trying to beat the guy
in joust yeah and he comes in and does
it on his first try and then basically
the whole book they're all in separate
places they live in separate states that
Japanese brothers live in Japan they're
not all conveniently in Cincinnati here
know so many I mean like I can go on for
hours about like yeah and he gets the he
gets the the magic quarter they came
here to watch the movie I'm sorry it's
really hard to talk about the movie he
he doesn't meet the girl
Artemis yeah until the last like page of
the book Oh like in real life
yeah um and he's like and then that's
sort of like the the end is he got the
egg and he wins the thing but the girl
is the real prize you know and that's
kind of kind of its it's like a like a
nerdy love story it becomes that right
but it takes you know the whole booktube
world bill basically and and set
everything up well this is meant for
like tweens I think I think it is do
tweens give a shit if you make a
reference to the old Atari game
adventure I don't know I think there's I
think there's a series of why a novels
which is dystopian hunting movies you
got your your a Hunger Games your maze
runners and all those for some reason
they're all in a post-apocalyptic world
where teenagers have to run some kind of
fucking race I don't know it's like a
genre so this guy probably said I'm
gonna get rich I'm gonna write a trashy
book that's based on this and then what
did Spielberg say what did what did this
feel were glob on to
when I've read ready player one it was
the most amazing flash-forward and
flashed back at the same time I suddenly
saw a future that earned his client the
writer of the book envisioned it wasn't
that far away from what I think is going
to happen someday how did he get
involved in this tragic adult stuff you
know what he you know his his his catch
was I have to literally show up and
direct about 11 minutes worth of
live-action footage oh my god you're
right and just other people can handle
it I just see Janos Kaminsky sitting in
front of like 25,000 computer monitors
how do i light this you've got to tell
me how to light the source-code sir I'm
doing this explosion on a dinosaur
photography French axis it's fine
I have trouble envisioning a 20 year old
in the year 2045 getting upset at
somebody for not having seen the shining
which was made 70 years before then
that's like that's like the kids in the
high school today you have to Casablanca
yeah it's fuck man well if it was on
Halliday's list of favorite things then
you're supposed to one of the things the
the shining scene which was a lot of fun
that was I think that was the standout
scene where it's like whoa a similar
scene in the book is he one of the tests
the one like the gate you passed through
you have to complete a thing one of the
things is he
he becomes Matthew Broderick's character
in wargames and it starts at the
beginning of the movie okay and so like
he has to go through the movie like as
Matthew Broderick reciting all the lines
of dialogue and it's like doing like you
get 100 points for saying this line of
dialogue wrong like line of dialogue and
so he's going he goes is to go through
the entire film okay and that's one of
the that's why they did what any
challenges yes okay I think so that's
why the movies are in there and so yeah
it's like you but really everyone should
have memorized if you're if you're that
far into this game you know all of his
stuff and everyone is yeah 318
challenges tested for worthy trains
revealing three hidden keys to three
magic case
and those with the skill to survive
these straits
which the end
where the prize Oh waiters there are
people who are insanely good at games
and computers and there's no way this
challenge would be going on for was it
five years yes this this this puzzle
would have been solved
like the first day somebody would have
figured out how to get the keys so the
puzzle did not translate as hard to you
and no no it's like go backwards
everybody does that in a fucking racing
game just to see what you can get away
with oh really yeah
the first thing you do is if you want to
cheese the games you go you go backwards
and you try and go through the finish
line that way and to see if you can win
this is literally the first thing
somebody would have tried okay that's
good to know
nice to know you're gaming perspectives
on this I don't know why this game is
that important like everybody like the
most important thing in the world is
control of this game no no and his
fortune the fortune I get okay I don't
know why his game is still a thing
people make new games it's not just a
game it's it's like that's another thing
that did translate well it's like it's
basically your existence it's it's how
you shop and go to school and live and
interact with other people because the
real world is so shitty and it's free
that's James Howard I was sort of like a
but never that creative okay but I oh I
wanted once if they won the game they
were gonna take control the Oasis and
start charging and so make it thing for
the elite the rich and the poor would
even become like disenfranchised and
couldn't access the Oasis and you know
kind of corporatize it and so that was
that was one of the goals or one of the
risks of them winning at the end and
also the giant enormous walkman what am
i what am i one of my problems with this
is a movie is the character is fucking
useless missable it's it's got the this
as a movie it's got the avatar problem
for me
we're avatar it was a fine movie but the
main character is such a such a boring
wet white rice motherfucker
what it's just so blend the protagonist
in avatar and the protagonist in this I
get nothing out of the issues I'm I'm
the white guy tag andis men I'm not
gonna do anything and all of these more
interesting characters around me they're
gonna do all of this shit and I'm gonna
get all of the credit but in the book
he's more of a he's kind of a Mary Sue
and and I laughed because it started to
remind me of a Bill and Ted because as
the character encountered a problem he
basically said oh yeah three weeks ago I
did this to set up so that I could have
this thing ready for me and it reminded
me of Bill and Ted we just got to remind
ourselves to go back in time and leave
the keys in the bush here oh my god oh
that happens a lot
yes it's very poor right in the movie he
just doesn't do anything and someone
else would do it for him but the movie
Tran had to translate that look now he's
on the thing in the chase a little but
the cars like Spielberg II in corporate
villain and though this is a corporate
villain not exist in the book oh no he's
in okay okay in fact there was one scene
that that's pretty much the same it's
when Sorrento is the bad guy yeah he he
basically tries to bribe or by Wade and
then he's like offering a money and blah
blah blah and then at the end of the
conversation waits like fuck you you
know and he's like okay wait you know
why you know my real name yeah and
reading it I was like oh no and in the
movie they spell it out before the scene
happened
you're talking to all of you now because
our futures being threatened by people
who will stop at nothing to win this
contest no one talked about ty Sheridan
a little which one is ty Sheridan the
main character oh okay I'll take a nap
he he no I
he played Cyclops in in the new the new
issue okay I feel bad for him
isn't a hit Spielberg movie and you feel
bad for well he I don't know what else
he's been and he's probably been and
some other things but he he he was hired
when you hire a cyclops right yeah you
get an actor with a very pronounced lips
no jaw line right ty Sheridan has giant
lips and he's very has very pronounced
John nose and and he when you take his
goggles off he's looks likes just some
guy
yeah and that's how you get that guy to
play Cyclops cover his eyes up and then
now he's in this movie and he's wearing
a visor and it's got the things on the
side he looks just like Cyclops have you
ever heard of anyone being typecast for
being the Cyclops typecast were just the
guy with the mouth he's got that mouth
we did that guy with the mouth gets a
guy with the lips and the jaw and the
nose we can't see his eyes cover his
eyes up with something that's his new
role I got some great exposure for me
you gonna start a Spielberg film
nobody's gonna see a face you're gonna
go play mad even side of the movie you
can look like a digital else your nose
and lips are going places kid we're
gonna get you a career in the lip balm
industry lip balm ads your mouth is
gonna be everywhere a kid doesn't movie
needed like a Jesse Eisenberg and even a
little bit of a little bit more charisma
in the main role just a little bit more
correct not necessarily him I'm just
saying somebody Jesse Eisenberg is a
charisma void why would you choose him
as an example I'm just thinking nerdy
kid okay okay maybe the social network
films yeah yeah or the other one that's
not Jesse Eisenberg and he's not in
anything anymore who's the other one oh
are you gonna have to be more specific
something that give me a clue here is
this is fucking man EJ what's his
fucking name
Jason Bateman Michael Jackson Tom Waits
the other the other nerdy kid actor
who's gone now Gary Coleman only in the
Ricky Schroder was in that movie with it
wasn't even the mclovin movie right what
is I don't know the guy the other guy
the other nerdy guy it's fine Jay you're
really slipping on your popcorn fences I
am do you used to be right on the ball
with everything Michael Cera
Michael sirrah aegyo serum Michael
Sierra's like 45 now I don't think I'd
play a high schooler I know I know what
you're saying yeah I know what you're
saying rich more charismatic leader they
picked him because of the lips nine nine
ninety five percent of the film that's
real-life action he's got his goggles on
and the rest of the film institutional
health
so yes approximately 1% of the film is
is just like him going like this it has
a nice built an excuse for the uncanny
valley you don't get the target effect
because everyone's supposed to look like
you're in a videos run yeah so it's fine
I don't care about the digital off
actually I was I was surprised that so
much of it was gonna be CGI I would just
assume like they were gonna do like Oh
like the first five minutes he's like
the avatar
character that he chose and then when
and I changed what I really look like
but the actor could act I was really
surprised but that was part of the
Spielberg sign on bonus how long do I
have to be on set each day five minutes
mr. Spielberg get the shit wrapped up
you get a good computer guy for the rest
of it right what are the good ones it's
you know it's funny it's the original
Jurassic Park head I think eight minutes
of CGI in it and that's famous as a CGI
movie yeah and and this movie is is the
polar opposite as eight minutes of
live-action footage
what Spielberg he's gone completely 180
degrees there's some drama when they get
like captured by the corporation or
their underground yeah all that stuff
and then and then there's like 45
minutes of that battle scene and I
started to get Man of Steel flashbacks
where I was like oh I don't care what's
happening anymore and then the last like
15 minutes is Spielberg schmaltz and and
I think that's I think you know wow I'm
at the end is is the famous saying and I
think that's probably why this got a lot
of good reviews get away from your
computers kids and live in the real
world the magical man and you're gonna
have a magical moment but the magical
man is he a ghost maybe oh yeah yeah
right that that part might be a ghost
now you get out of it now you get out of
virtual world here's another magical man
not a magical old man who's played by
someone who's not that old Oh Sam poke
yeah oh yeah the magical man who
apparently was playing a robot AI for
the last five years yes like he had
nothing better to do at this time than
to hang out the museum for his dead ex
friend pretending to be a robot Butler
that didn't make any sense that little
reveal that the butler was simon pegg
all along okay well I mean do you want
me to do it yeah I want you to go go to
what is what is how does this work and
in a movie there is the Museum of the
what's his name James Halliday
there's the James Halliday Museum in the
Oasis digital world it's kind of like
the Jedi Archive temple yeah and all of
us all of his memories start there every
video footage of everything he's ever
done and the curator of the museum is
what you assume is an AI robot Butler an
NPC an NPC a non-player character which
knows this term see I learned that term
in the book yeah no that's a common term
a non-player character and and he's
there all of the time for anybody who
wants to come in and look at the the
museum and at the end of the movie it's
been a real guy this whole time
yeah he just that's all he did for five
years hung out that museum okay
well give you some information Ogden
tomorrow he
he does indeed have an avatar yeah but
it's it's an all-powerful 99th level
wizard of course and he doesn't care
about the Oasis anymore and he's kind of
a an introvert he turned into one
because his wife died and every year he
has a big birthday party and which was
the scene where there there's the
nightclub yeah the spiracle nightclub
where they're dancing
yeah and that they go to that because
they get a special invite from Auggie
and Mauro himself okay cause they're in
the top five slot okay and their famous
avatars or um Oasis characters or
whatever famous players famous players
so he gives them a personal invite to
his his huge party and so he's like this
wizard and and the ioi guys do bust in
and try to kill parsable um and so he
like shoots lightning around the room
and kills everybody and they escape okay
okay so there is some like connection
between simon Pegg's character having an
oasis character yeah but it's it's
definitely not a robotic Butler it's
completely okay okay so that's some
information save you some time I don't
know what all this means it's just like
it's just like a bunch of nonsense it's
just like junk like jump in the air and
it's it's it's taking up valuable brain
cells no it's it's a it's a needlessly
three-hour-long just diversion and you
see it you kind of forget about Sam's
need then you go home
then you do your laundry
help us save the Oasis well who's the
audience 48 year old white guys all
you're saying that only because of the
references 48 year old white guys are
gonna be like what's happening this is a
nightmare
okay yeah you're right about that who's
our audience so maybe maybe 15 year old
boys well they don't give a shit about
the Iron Giant
well they don't they'll save them cool
robot you know okay I mean okay I'm
talking about the attention span
well maybe 15 year and the action like I
mean I'm guessing that's our our
demographic is so this is 14 to 16 year
old boys maybe I don't know this is
Spielberg trying to make a movie for a
young audience but he's making a movie
for a young audience from 1980
oh is that is that a young audience from
1980 wouldn't know what's happening
they'd be like you know they want the
Goonies like the most exciting thing in
the Goonies was like they jumped onto a
pirate ship
Scot has kind of an interesting question
who is this movie for I don't do it all
yeah because the references there over
the young kids heads
they're like buckaroo banzai yeah the
fuck is a fuckin buckaroo banzai
reference in this book yeah it's a weird
combination of lots of things and so
that's why I think it's a little bit of
a clusterfuck and and there's a fair
amount of there's one fuck and there's a
fair amount of shits yeah and so it's
not for little kids you know and I'm
curious about the rating it's probably
pg-13 probably because of the violence
so you get the one fuck right yeah yeah
one fucking pg-13 and I'm glad they
didn't include the part where a
participle that probably would have made
it are and I was wondering what the MPAA
thought of all that blood from the
shining
that's a lot of blood you know they
would excuse that because it's from a
classic movie Mike you think so yeah I'm
like yeah I think they would just see
that as a reference I don't I don't
think they have strict guidelines as far
as far as I know it's just how they feel
after they watch the damn movie okay
I've heard explain that way once yeah
mm-hmm it's not like a technican no it's
a sort of like no okay I mean there's
20,000 gallons of human blood I guess
it's fine but Kill Bill you got to turn
that scene into black and white because
that's real blood not nightmare blood
not ghost blood I don't know I think
what is it real really there it's it's a
movie it's Quinn sir
well corn syrup look where the MPAA you
get out of here
I don't like you your movies getting an
X so we don't do xmo anyway we do now n
c---seventeen movies n c---seventeen get
out of my office I'm in control of this
town you'll never work in this town
again
oh I think your rating systems fine you
know because they're any kinda like
infighting like we don't we don't like
such and such a company we're gonna make
it harder for them you're any more
strict is there is their secret politics
at play and a giant but I'm multi
billion dollars that's what I'm saying
my answer is problem Spielberg's got
gallons of blood in this new phone it's
fine it's a G as it is Sam Randy film
cut it all out make it all green because
I've decided greens the color your blood
must be Ivan charge
oh mrs. peel bag gives your blood would
you need any more blood you make us all
the money you mr. Spielberg mrs. Newberg
you missed a spot on the wall in that
scene
you're computer technicians put in my
blood should we cover ourselves and
blood how much blood do you need spill
versus us thank you gentlemen
yeah goes to the elevator we did that
just view but imported some young
virgins in Africa so rich would
recommend ready player one if I were
gonna grade this on the two monitors
skill for rotten tomatoes I would be
over 50% but not enough to get a tomato
okay it would still be a Squatch but
it's over 50 yes my answer is I think a
no yep stay away because I had Man of
Steel flashbacks what the action scenes
are just cluster fucks
yeah and that's oh I mean like
theoretically that would be okay in this
context because you have all these
avatars fighting each other and I would
be okay with that but I think the story
to me became convoluted yeah to where I
was like I don't know what's going on
I'd all these keys and gates and you're
confusing me and and it might because I
have a different perspective yeah but to
me it was confusing and I lost track of
it and I didn't care anymore yeah I just
wanted it to end at a certain point I
was just like come on let's go finish
this off to be fair the kids next to us
did shut up once the movie had finally
started no they started I mean I was
closer to them they started chatting
today yeah okay they're facing the other
way these things yes this plane looked
like the details on the seat and then
they were talking to each other and at
one point one of them farted
that was that was me J Balvin Oh J you
and your your your chronic gas problem
hasn't that your doctor solved that yet
ah something reminded me of a David
Lynch film and I just got so excited
I've heard it
you and your David Lynch films you and
your weird obscure horror movies J
yeah yeah so that was that was the movie
that was the movie all right oh oh
lightning-fast VCR repair this is Mike
Oh Jay how are you okay
you came to an agreement all right so
you sign the contract awesome
well we'll see you back on the show soon
okay right get the fuck out of here
cheap piece of shit replacement fucking
hack
Hey leave the shirt it's corporate
property
fucking prick you suck at reviewing
movies too you know that right well I
don't care I don't care about your
little problems you can work at a
fucking gas station for all I cared get
the fuck out
piece of shit time to log into the Oasis
