Aug 15, 2018
Slender Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXHmIAo61fM
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1029769572453371904
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155828184842634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-slender-man

Half in the bag.
mm-hmm okay mr. Plunkett
will be there right away hey Mike we got
to get over to mr. Plunkett so we can
fix his VCR Jay we're not having a story
this time because the movie we just saw
didn't have one either hey everyone it's
slender man the new film based on
something someone made up on the
internet for high school girls summoned
the Slender Man to do something they
summon him by watching the video on the
internet from a message board from the
dark web whoo it's the dark web because
everything is dark and colored black
it's the dark web that's where you find
Slenderman in my opinion stick to
creepypasta and yes I am talking about
Olive Garden dead intent that aren't
done boy Mike we should look into
getting the air conditioning fixed here
I'm sweating more than the producers of
Slenderman when they saw this weekend's
box office results wait there were
results well we saw Slender Man we
didn't see Mission Impossible freefall
or whatever it's called we didn't see
the Meg man versus we didn't see ant-man
versus versus the ones that the new
title I don't know we didn't see
Deadpool - no but we saw Slender Man
well we have to we should talk about
because there's not a lot to talk about
with the actual movie we'll give her a
UH
we'll give our opinions on the movie but
there's a whole backstory behind why we
chose to see this film and the troubles
we had seen the film that's right Jay
well you all know about our history with
Slenderman we recently made a video
called to brother media invent Slender
Man spoilers we didn't
we do not want to take credit for the
Slenderman phenomenon we definitely
don't want to take any credit for this
movie no or or what happened in real
life yes which is the Wisconsin
connection to Slenderman as became a
worldwide news after hearing this week
for the first time from two girls their
own voices about the night they
allegedly lured their friend into the
woods and repeatedly stabbed her
police say leaving her to die last May
they lured her to a wooded area where
police say they stabbed her 19 times
when investigators asked why they did it
they both had the same answer Slender
Man - 12 year old girls in Waukesha
which is just outside of Milwaukee here
yes and this is all documented in the
HBO documentary
beware the Slender Man right I think
that's what's going to get ya
the two girls named Morgan geyser and
Anissa Weier I should remember their
names because on the news so much
they're stabbed their friend 19 times
who miraculously survived luckily she
lives
I think things would be different with
the release of this movie yes I don't
even know if this movie would have
happened if she'd actually died I think
the one and coincidentally the lead girl
in this movie kind of looks like Morgan
geyser oh yeah the girl from another
great horror film wish upon yes I forget
her name her name isn't she was in the
contouring when she was like 10 years
old and now let's put her in these
crappy horror movies she's working she's
working working making that money she
kind of looks like Morgan geyser who I
believe was the the ringleader yes she
was kind of crazy one she's the one if
you see the documentary and they show
like them interrogating her and she's
just like completely emotionally distant
from everything the other one seemed
more like a follower yeah and then the
the Morgan one was not the one who did
the stabbing she convinced the other one
and well Charles Manson II situation but
anyway so that's what happened and
Hollywood wisely chose to make a movie
about Slender Man phenomenon
not based on that story just obviously
slenderman's been around for a long time
now
they're probably five six ten years too
late I'm making the Slenderman movie
it's like the Angry Birds movie that
shit was popular a decade ago what do
you do in making this now but the
backstory is that they made the movie
and then the studio started to get cold
feet because I think it was the father
of the girl that was stabbed or one of
the girls involved with an incident I
was saying hey this is incredibly
tasteless
to make a movie exploiting or
sensationalizing this you know real
tragic event even though the movie isn't
about that actual event Slender Man is a
film about a fictional horror character
but it is not being shown in the
Milwaukee area where that character
inspired a notorious real-life crime
there they're probably better not
showing it because they would just have
empty theatres anyway that's very true
it's not like they weren't there
skipping out on Star Wars or well that's
that's the other thing is like leading
up to the release this movie there's
been hardly no publicity for it right
it's respectable they're not too good
they're not taking a financial hit it's
a win-win for them there's what I'm
trying to say it's a win-win for the
theater chains mainly Marcus yeah Marcus
theaters which which owns a lot of the
theaters in Wisconsin they're not taking
a financial hit and they don't look like
dirtbags it for for playing this movie I
think they kind of like said okay you
know here's where it happened in
Waukesha let's let's circle a 30-mile
radius we don't play in these theaters
because it is playing at a lot of Marcus
theaters but one's way up north yeah or
well West but not in the general
vicinity of where this happened it's
like oh you know I think this the save
face by not doing that but they're
they're not missing out on those 11
ticket sales well that's yeah we drove
down to Kenosha Wisconsin to see this
film that was the closest theatre
playing it so we actually had to go out
of our way to see it we put in more
effort to see this movie than to see
movies that we are actually interested
in seeing but the other thing to note is
that the studio started to get cold feet
about the the violence in the film one
they wanted to be pg-13 so kids could go
see it but also they didn't they
if you want kids to see this oh yeah
absolutely and also they were concerned
about it being disrespectful or
exploitative of real-life violence that
happened in association with Slenderman
so they ripped all that shit out half
the stuff in the trailer is not in the
movie
the boyfriend character disappeared the
boyfriend character disappeared show his
death in the trailer I yes he's about to
he's like falling off a bridge or
something and there's cut that out of
the movie let's make a horror film and
then cut out all the horror and then
just release a partial film into
theatres and not advertise it it's like
why even bother if you're gonna hack the
movie apart and then not advertise it
don't even release the fucking thing
well there was a different story before
the movie came out how the producers of
the film they looked at their contract
and it said they could bid to other
distributors like oh maybe this should
go on Amazon
yeah yeah hey Sony we're gonna go like
see if Amazon wants to buy this or
Netflix you know and so it was it was
Netflix said this is too bad even for us
we made bright and we released mute and
we released Cloverfield paradox and we
released
towel and Amazon will release anything
so it was a game of Slenderman hot
potato yeah and nobody wanted it so
they're stuck with Sony music stopped
when Sony caught the hot potato they
said yeah we're not spending a dime and
on TV ads we'll make a trailer and put
on YouTube yeah and that's it that's all
well the scariest thing in the movie was
the sony logo at the beginning Sony's
logo looks too nice you associated with
like quality like electronics products I
suppose and needs to look more like the
Millcreek logo hey there you go piece of
garbage logo looks like that looks like
Slenderman should have been released
directly to a 50 movie DVD pack yes the
Mill Creek logo looks like wing-dings
the Mill Creek logo looks like Microsoft
clipart Sony needs to up their logo and
by up I mean make a terrible one for
their the quality enough for their
pictures and so it's deceptive really it
is
soli that's a big company that's a
Japanese company they make all sorts of
look I got my stereo from the sony sony
so we have a half movie dumped into
theaters that nobody saw here's when we
went to buy our tickets here's what the
theater looked like yep
it's all one color and that color means
nobody's in there
and then when we finally got in there I
think there were three other people one
of them was an elderly woman that I
think just goes to every showing because
she has nothing to do with her final
days she thought it was a workout video
you know we noticed that the terrible
Rotten Tomatoes score we noticed the
terrible ratings we noticed it's the
lead girl from wish upon so we were
hoping we got to give up on this dream
that we'll ever see another hilarious
mid budget horror film we tried with
truth or dare yes guys this nothing will
top wish upon and maybe the bye bye man
the bye bye man was bad but nothing
nothing
contemporary yeah like wish upon wish
upon is a masterpiece of comedy I urge
you all to check it out let's get that
trending on Amazon again cuz that's a
great film but yeah it started the same
girl from that so you like ooh you know
it's like when you when you see that
Cameron Cameron Mitchell film yeah it's
got Cameron Mitchell in it we're
guaranteed low production quality yeah
no it's got this girl
yeah so that that's the backstory there
there's the Wisconsin connection and
then when they showed the map of like
missing children
I saw Wisconsin I looked at real close
Oh second but there was nothing it was
like I think closer to Madison maybe
there wasn't a pin in Waukesha I was
looking for a little like a little
Easter egg yeah where they referenced it
yeah I don't blame them for not at all
although they do kind of mention there's
like a little monologue by the Maine
females little sister at the end where
it's supposed to be like I guess it
supposed to be like to leave you
trembling when you leave the theatre
like Slenderman can show up anywhere and
and he is it's sometimes it's not even
what he does that's horrifying it's what
he causes other people to do yeah this
is pretty fucking sickening yeah Jesus
Christ well that brings up an
interesting point I mean it was it was a
fine move for Marcus and I think other
theater companies like AMC decided not
to play it and in the radius yeah
because what happened you know awful
those little girls got delusional or
crazy or tricked into trying to murder
their friend terrible terrible story but
you know it was a real-life event and
and it's kind of weird because
Slenderman is a fictional Internet
character so then you have that where
it's like younger people are influenced
by it and so you don't want to like like
it said in the movie yeah start this
kind of infection where Sulu and
thinking of movies real when we were
little we watched Nightmare on Elm
Street you know and stuff like that
Jason
but you know it's not real this is kind
of bordering on reality because young
there is that real horror story
connected yeah we're young kids read
it's like an urban legend almost they
read it on the internet and they think
it could be real but they're not sure
so you're impressed there impressionable
yeah but then you know like but it's
like what what is the off limits for
making a movie about something you make
movies about Vietnam War yeah lots of
people died in the Vietnam War were
affected by it 9/11 you know stuff like
that there's movies made about all sorts
of there's a Charles Manson movie coming
off I was sure Quinton turns you know so
like they're not gonna play that in
California yeah so it's like it's it's
an ethical debate but it wasn't a movie
about Morgan geyser and Anissa Weier no
it wasn't a true life story that would
have been more interesting to segue into
the film yeah well they if they made
like a dramatic film that did it
tastefully but this is just like a
cheapo oh yeah it's a movie that they're
trying to make a quick buck on yes from
an unknown I think that property I think
that's the real like the the real angle
here is that a war movie has like a
message you know to the born on the 4th
of July or something you're not
glorifying Vietnam right you're just
telling the story and you're trying to
have an emotional impact they are
basically like con artists what's
popular let's grab this let's make a
buck and move out of town yeah so and I
think people see through that which it
well it's funny because we looked up the
screenwriter after the fact because this
movie is all teenagers and the dialogue
is fucking terrible and so we looked up
the screenwriter and he the guy who is
writing realistic teen dialogue here's
this picture this is who they relied on
but we looked him up and he's done aside
from he wrote L the Paul Verhoeven movie
from a couple years ago that was
critically acclaimed would aside from
that it's nothing but direct-to-video
garbage including and some people might
not remember this or know about this but
in the early 2000s there was like a glut
of directed video movies based on
real-life serial killers and this guy
that wrote this movie wrote he wrote the
Dahmer movie another Milwaukee
Connection he wrote the John Wayne Gacy
movie and so it's like I guess that's
thing nothing but garbage and yet
somehow I don't know how we've Rowell I
don't know how that fits in all this but
it's possible it was a database mistake
exact name yeah but yeah there's a part
where wishpond girl comes over and the
younger sister of her friend is like can
I come hang out with you guys and she
was easy grasshopper
maybe next time I'm like was that kungfu
is like the David Carradine show from
1916 like teenagers not referencing
kungfu no that's they're not even
referencing kung fu the adventure
continues but yeah yeah it's painfully
painfully obvious well then there's just
general dumb dialogue like they talked
about how is Slenderman he spreads like
a virus but not like a real virus like a
computer virus it's like the same thing
but where it infects and it spreads it's
the exact same thing she goes on to
explain that in even further she's like
where it's it's a computer virus in your
hard drive
except for your hard drive is your brain
that's an actual line by the way since
the hard drive is your brain
you
yes so there was a there's a that
roly-poly fat kid and I was like he's
slender man's gonna make him eat candy
yeah and then nothing happened I was
waiting for that like they're like
almost like a nightmare and Elm Street
thing especially more as the sequels
went on it's like he has you have your
fear they established that in the
beginning of the movie Freddy exploits
that to scare you and eventually kill
you Ron ik death
yes ironic deaths and instead this movie
has nothing yeah and and I'm curious
like not that it would help too much but
I would want to know what was cut out
because this movie has absolutely
nothing in it it has a set up and then
nothing happens for the remainder of the
film
it sets up Slenderman the girls are
having a little like like sleepover
party and they look up a Thunder man on
the internet and I guess a video on the
that's posted on the Internet makes
Slender Man start to haunt them in real
life all other ring but then the rest of
the movie is just there's no like story
progression there's no plot it's just
scene after scene of one of our
characters wandering around and then
slenderman's in the corner well the
first girl goes missing
then they set up if you look into
slender man's eyes you go crazy
second girl goes crazy they establish
early on its Slenderman will react
differently to you depending on who you
are and so that's sort of like a like a
okay then that means that nothing in the
movie like there's no way to determine
where the story is gonna go or what's
gonna happen with anybody it's just
whatever that's my big point I always
want to get to with horror films yeah is
rules rules are so important because you
have to know what's happening you know
what to be scared of that's why I named
random street it's such a perfect script
and perfect idea because you know the
rulz hmm there's nothing to be scared of
if you don't know consequences or rules
right I've said it a billion times ever
feels like it's going anywhere the
things like it's like almost exactly
ninety minutes and it felt like it was
three hours and it felt like it could
have ended at any time because nothing
moved anything forward the story
elements our first girl to disappear she
was interested in Slenderman secretly
yeah and so she chanted with someone who
about Slenderman she looked at videos
she's the one who gets kidnapped first
then wishpond girl really starts to
digging into it because the other two
don't really care too much
I thought wish bond girl was supposed to
be the lead and then she's just not
she digs into it and she finds out oh
you have to give Slenderman an offering
of something that you care about so they
bring out like the one girl brings like
a picture of her and her dad and there's
a quilt my grandma made when she was
dying in the hospital this is my
favorite teddy bear and then they like
rip him up and throw him in the way I'm
like that's not what Slenderman is
talking about yeah they can't say that
in the movies oh yeah and then and then
then the one girl even though she made
an offering Slenderman shows up in her
bedroom and I guess chokes her and then
she looks in the mirror and there's
nobody there
then she's crazy which makes sense in
the cutscene where she stabbed herself
in the eyeball right but then she just
disappears that's gone from the movie
the main girl who has a little sister
who has a little sister her little
sister has panic attack and ends up in
the hospital and I think Slenderman is
trying to kill the little sister I don't
know what's happening well there's a
revelation of sorts where wishpond girl
we find out that she took her friend's
little sisters right into the woods I
guess as a sacrifice they make it very
vague there might have been more that
was cut so it didn't resemble the
real-life incident I don't know yeah
then Slenderman has her in his grasp but
what I don't know what that means
the it's like they said well we need
some kind of origin for Slenderman
because we can't just say
somebody photoshopped it on the internet
so wishpond girl goes to the library oh
yeah she goes to the library to look at
the internet library yeah she has to go
to the library to use their computer to
log on to to AOL and do some research
yeah but she does find out like a book
about the paranormal although there is a
lot of phones and iPhones chatting and
stuff in this zone that was probably a
rewrite by some 18-year old intern at
the studio he looked at the script he's
like what the fuck is this people can
see each other on their phones what the
Jetsons it's it's called FaceTime what
but anyway so the point I was making was
which Bond girl goes to the library does
her research which says Slenderman is a
bioelectric paranormal interdimensional
being I have yeah something and there's
stories all over the world going back to
the Pied Piper of Hamelin do steal
children from this culture this culture
to this culture they all have a creepy
monster in-laws and histories mystical
legends of on creatures that steal
children it's probably us Linda ban
Slenderman see what he looks like now in
the 2000s yeah and we learn you can also
be a tree he's also has some connections
in trees and then so it's like it's like
it's not like if Freddy Krueger was a
guy who killed children and got burned
alive so it's spirit hung around and can
kill you in your dreams it's just got it
Slenderman something yeah you could just
do anything that's the do anything
that's the ultimate problem we tried to
make a Slenderman movie is that the
things that people think are interesting
or creepy about Slenderman are how like
you just see random photos and it's like
oh it's a photo I don't know the context
I don't know the backstory but there's
like a creepy thing in the background
and that's word
in the context of just like looking up
random shit on the internet when you try
and make a narrative story out of that
it loses everything that makes the idea
of Slenderman interesting to begin with
the actual scary story is that two girls
in real life got fucked up by the
internet so badly they tried to murder
their friend that's a real-life horror
that's a real scary story right but but
even as far as like creepypasta not just
Slenderman but all that shit in general
it's it's the idea that it's just like
created on the internet it's little
snippets of things it's a photo here
it's a short story there and there is no
attempt to put it in the framework of
like a conventional narrative feature
its its its own thing so it might have
been to their benefit that they didn't
try to over explain
no but they under explain for the type
of movie they're making it doesn't it
doesn't work on any level that's the
problem yeah I mean it is a good like
challenge to say like how do you make
Slenderman movie you know see I think
also the problem too is that this movie
was like like a flatline in terms of
scares and moments and even like how God
is so ugly looking the the very first
shots are extreme handheld close-ups of
two of the girls sitting on like
bleachers yes talking and it's like this
and you're like what am I looking at
where are they why is it shot like this
there's numerous extreme close-ups at
locations and part of me is wondering in
like did they do that - like like save
money on like extras and and location
you know that sort of thing why is this
movie so claustrophobic why is it so
ugly it's so flat looking I mean even
though it just starts you know it also
just ends but just look at me bad and I
was like why isn't there an opening like
where there's a little girl like at her
family's campsite and she wanders off
and you know she's running and she's
screaming and she drops her teddy bear
and her per kid sitting around a
campfire say let me tell you about
slender
man well sir they spell that that that's
crazy I got to go off at now I have a
leak yeah and it goes off and smokes a
little doobie and then I mean I guess
you know you're talking kind of goofy
horror cliche but it's better than
absolutely nothing you gotta have some
kind of spooky opening to start off your
film to to establish what this creature
will do to you or start it completely
grounded in reality get a get us where
we understand these characters and like
them so when you start introducing the
horror we give a shit well we're
supposed to like that one they had their
slumber party in there they're talking
teenager talk oh do you like Billy I
like really do you spend too much time
running track my dad drinks and
sometimes I wish I could just go away
slender man Calgon take me away they
want Oh Calgon take me away maybe they
would if they know grasshopper
screenwriter no it's Calgon take me away
I gotta go take a bath Calgon take how
do you know about that ad campaign from
1980 to luxury about Calgon dead there
is some random imagery that's actually
kind of interesting looking it feels out
of place cuz it's nothing more than
random imagery like it doesn't connect
with anything like you're speaking of
the hospital sequence yes
the girl are lead I forget her name she
her sisters in the hospital and she
keeps having like out-of-body
experiences or dreams waking dreams
something that's the thing was we don't
know walk around the hospital and
everyone looked kind of looks creepy and
she walks past rooms it's like a woman
with super long hair and the orderlies
like brushing it but he has no eye
that's like Jacob's Ladder or something
yes Lee with the missing face so the
distorts meet very reminiscent of a
scene from Nightmare on Elm Street
now what a nightmare now sir you know Oh
our character is in a dream our
character has fallen asleep she is in
danger of being killed in real life
because when Freddy finds her he will
stab her this I understand the things
that are happening in the story I
understand what's happening in the story
and I understand the danger this
character is in that we like but in here
it's girl the girl wanders around the
creepy imagery happens because it's
nonsense it is scene after scene of one
of our characters wandering around and
then Slenderman not a lot of jump scares
though no instead they replaced it with
nothing it seemed like everyone was like
a zombie yes like they were just like
bored and dead inside and there was one
moment that stuck out when wish upon
girl goes to the little library and then
and then the library is like this dark
dingy look in place and then and then
she has a slender man attack sequence
slender bends like and he's stretching
out the bookshelves and his having at
you
this lunderman doesn't talk but it would
be great if he did and then all of a
sudden like oh her face turns into
Slenderman face yeah and then BAM she's
knocked back into reality when she hits
a book cart and there's a
pre-established librarian lady who was
was there before the dream sequence or
nightmare sequence happened she's like
are you okay miss and then the girl gets
up and she's like wanders off and leaves
and the scene is over and then they show
the librarian and she goes and really I
wanted that like well you know a name in
Elm Street the adults don't ever believe
them right and they're always just oh
you're just having a dream you're crazy
and so the librarians just like Oh lay
off the booze honey go back to class I
really had a scary incident with the
Slenderman sure you did get the fuck out
of the library it's closing soon you
need that you need those little like
like moment where they make the
characters feel almost helpless and
that's
makes you fear for them where the adults
don't believe them they go to try to get
help
so-and-so is kidnapped by the Slenderman
here look at all this evidence
Slenderman that's just some crazy
internet phenomenon you kids new kids in
your chat boards get out of my office
you need humanity yeah you need people
acting like people this movie was just
like it's like flatline sucked
and so that's where I blame the director
yeah we're the directors if he cared I
mean you have a script by this old hack
and it was like and our director would
say okay how about so-and-so does this
how about they have this quirky
characteristic or how about so-and-so
does this or says this or this side
character in the background does this I
don't know give it some life yeah well
so let's talk about the the end of the
movie which is to say the movie just
stops no there's our dad I didn't know
what was happening but there was a
conclusion well kind of I mean they
establish early on you have to sacrifice
something you care about - Slenderman
and so they have to earlier on the other
they have the photo of the dad or
whatever apparently those were things
they really cared about or didn't care
about enough or something and so main
girls little sisters now being haunted
by Slenderman wishpond girl gets pulled
out of a window by Slenderman and she's
never seen again black girlfriend has
just vanished from the movie boyfriend
character shows up in class and he's got
like a bruise on his arm and he's acting
weird she's like what's what's wrong
with you and he just kind of goes and
then he's never seen in the movie again
don't know what that's about he told him
not to watch the video but you know he
watched the video I guess but there's no
conclusion to it this is we don't see
what happens to him lots of disappearing
characters more disappearing characters
than the Avengers infinity war why is it
dead silent
so then the girl realizes that she needs
to sacrifice herself to save her sister
and save all of her friends so she goes
into the woods and she says Slenderman
I'm here take me away and Slenderman
turns into a tree and absorbs her and
then the movies over I don't know what
happened to the other friends we don't
really know what happens to the sister
other than she survives well she says
Slenderman take me and then he's like
okay and then she runs oh yeah then she
tries to get away and then he takes her
forcefully it would have been a better
ending if if Slenderman I guess I guess
this would have been tasteless too but
it would have been a better ending if
Slenderman had the three other girls
like kind of held hostage almost well
that's what I was waiting for and then
she sacrifices herself and her friends
are let free-for-all back or or he
tricks or something or she takes her
little sister into the woods it's time
to hang out with us cuz I was set up
earlier yeah it's yeah I want to hang
out with you girls you know well you
want to hang out with us come on and
then I got dark ending jar is a horror
movie and Slenderman goes in and then
they say you sacrificed your little
sister well it was either her the three
of you Slenderman made a real tough
choice cuz he's a real bad guy he's what
they call a horror movie villain and and
he made me do it instead he's just a
tree and then they said was it worth it
girl was it worth it and then they she
goes like this and then and then cuts
the Slenderman he goes and then that
goes over the credits yes and this is
this movie did nothing it sucked it was
so boring it's but it's not even it's
not a complete movie that's the thing
the stuff that was pulled out of it
the the hampering down of anything
horrific to get a pg-13 the fact that
they pulled out so much of the story the
the horrific elements that it's not even
a horror movie anymore it's just nothing
yes it's kind of amazing yeah
just let this let this whole whole thing
just die I'm not talking about slender
I'm talking about Sony Pictures oh well
you can't spell Sony without no.2 work
for a department hey you can't spell
Sony without y1 up to bitch
