Dec 23, 2018
Aquaman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YU3QGyBY5-c
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1077000281806852097
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156104227207634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-aquaman

Half in the bag.
Colgate, take me away.
Whoo!
We just get so swamped around the holidays.
Phone's ringing off the hook, you know?
It did ring once yesterday.
It was a wrong number.
yeah they were looking for a VCR repair
shop
oh wait that's what we do oh shit oh oh
oh my god oh my god lightning fast VBR
repair how can I help you
no no VBR repair not VCR but this is
lightning fast VBR repair you idiot
don't ever call here again
no Mike we are lightning fast VCR repair
what the fuck is a VCR
oh my brain doesn't work anymore it's
like I got kicked in the head by a mule
oh you saw Aquaman to porcupine bungalow
Hart trampoline condom zak bagans Betty
Boop diaper hygiene
from the director of the conjuring James
Wan comes his most frightening film to
date Aquaman
Jason mimosa Amber Heard Nicole Kidman
Patrick Wilson Dolph Lundgren and Willem
Dafoe round out the cast of people that
look like they have no idea what's going
on around them why it's a spectacle of
fish magic bad acting sharks
tidal waves bad acting CGI water hair
and embarrassing costumes that all fits
snugly into a boilerplate plot about a
merman becoming a king or something
take Thor Lord of the Rings Black
Panther and splash put them in a blender
then just add water no pun intended and
voila you've got mail I'm going to drink
both coffee and a beer in an attempt to
recreate how I felt while watching
Aquaman hmm so a stimulant and a
depressant yes yes okay so Jay what did
you think of Aquaman uh why does a movie
about Aquaman the little guy talks to
fish need to be the same running times
2001 a Space Odyssey
[Music]
this movie's two and a half hours long
and it's about three movies worth of
plot crammed into one to where it it
becomes kind of a mess even though some
of the visuals and ideas are fun yeah I
would describe this movie as overstaying
it's welcome it's it's a it's a someone
that comes over you know and visits and
it's like ah
this person's cool it's Joe he's my
friend from high school
he's the class cut-up yep and and
everybody likes him sure it's great to
see Joe again he's really fun and then
midnight rolls around when I am and Joe
won't leave that's an old job Belushi
SNL sketch they call it's framed like a
like a horror movie and this is Tim like
I don't have some of these potato chips
I don't want to be rude but my wife is
very tired hey there's a good movie on
tonight I think I'll call up some
friends and watch it over here yeah okay
let's let's talk positives first so
we're not here to crap on a DC movie
again because this was a competent well
made movie from a good director James
Wan that's the highest price you can
give it is that this is the first DC
movie that feels like somebody's vision
well aside from Wonder Woman which which
was a good movie to the Wonder Woman
gets the character stuff right but it
still has like jaded terrible action
like that it had a lot of like speed up
slow down that's of and then the ending
is just a CGI mess
so it gets a fright this movie gets the
character stuff right and the visuals
and the action scenes are competent
there's lots of James Wan likes his wide
shots he likes wide-angle lenses lots of
swooping around people punch in he gets
all that stuff the action and this was
good until again it overstays its
welcome the for the scene when Aquaman
boards the submarine and fights those
guys and there was it was good it was
like a really good action movie and I
was like but as far as like if you say
like the gold standard of superhero
movies is the Marvel movies what are you
some kind of Marvel shill I am I get
paid by them to show their products and
of course they get checks on a daily
basis in the seven-figure range no
shower vast audience no because those
those like have they have weights to
them they have like gravitas excitement
there and and also there's a lot of
humor and witty dialogue to
counterbalance that like the fan oohs
movie I really enjoyed the fan oohs
movie I mean it was great Wonder Woman
felt more like a Marvel movie because I
think the interaction between Wonder
Woman and Chris Pine was a little more
whittier they had a little more
chemistry oh yeah Jason Momoa and Amber
Heard of zero chemistry yes I know hey
what are you doing we need water you're
the closest source I could've just peed
on it it's like a puzzle with all the
proper puzzle pieces and they're all put
together well and and but when you look
back it's just like a picture of like
like a sewer it's not the beautiful
ocean and the sunset yeah they hope for
it but all the pieces are there that
should work yeah you know and and for a
while up until about halfway through the
movie I was like hey that all these
things are falling into place rather
well you've got multi-tiered villains
you've got Patrick Wilson as King gooba
gooba as Bible man I said yeah he's
armor he looks like funky Bible man
ocean master but his his goal is I'm
gonna unite all the all the
underwater it's very Lord of the Rings
kind of plot Lord of the Rings black
panther they have the underwater city
there they're you know unknown to the
rest of the world and then he's
combining all the different tribes to
band together to I'm falling asleep as
like yeah villain plot here is the far
more interesting plot of a bad guy
should say of the mercenary high seas
pirate guy yeah and his father and his
father isn't saved by Aquaman's let's
revenge so you got you got you got your
two-two boilerplate superhero villains
revenge man and conquer the world man
Loki yeah you got those two cards so
it's like then I'm just gonna play the
one the one hand they got another hand
on the side but then they that one of
those cards they lost half way through
like where'd it go oh well it fell under
the tables oh we get we get lots and
lots of dialogue explaining the
mythology of the underwater worlds and
that was good yeah becoming a king they
should call this movie a deep-sea
exposition oh you thought of that all
afternoon didn't you I thought about it
well I had to think about something
halfway through the movie when they were
fighting in that little village and it
went on for 45 minutes and my brain
started to wander I love them I want to
go get a coffee
yeah you just you're just like I'm gonna
take a break I check it out
well I didn't know that that scene in
particular and that's the problem like
all the action scenes in this movie not
all of them but a lot of them just feel
so pointless
yeah they're just in there because we
have to have action I'm comparing I'd
compare it to I just recently saw I know
you talked about it on the 2018 ketchup
video I saw Mission Impossible fallout
which is the best action movie since
like Mad Max fury road and all the
action scenes in that movie are great
even aside from the fact that there's so
many practical effects and stumps and
all that even aside from that it's like
each action scene is like okay
there's the larger story of the movie
and then in this action scene here is
our goal here's what we have to
accomplish by the end of this sequence
boom and in this movie especially that
big fight halfway through it's just like
we have to kill Aquaman and then it goes
they throw people through walls and it
just goes
on and on and on it's like like a
frustrating nightmare not the movie as a
whole but all the action scenes it's the
smaller stuff like it's how silly
everything looked I like that you have
people riding giant sea horses
and-and-and sharks they got a little
saddles on the Sharks and it's just like
you know James Wan knew that this all
look completely ridiculous but then
these action scenes just go on forever
yeah oh now it's you know first it's
he's gonna take back the kingdom but now
it's a subpar Indiana Jones
globe-trotting movie and that stuff is
where it really fell apart because
that's where they really tried to beef
up the relationship between Aquaman and
Amber Heard there was a little like
montage of them like like there's some
weird song playing that I didn't
recognize yeah they got a little Italian
village yeah but I kind of liked the
world-building stuff like hey cuz they
explained a lot which was nice like yeah
and it wasn't an origin story we got
little snippets of flashbacks sprinkled
throughout which it was nice that it
wasn't just a literal chronological
order of events right it starts off in
the past and then jumps forward and then
they go back she just show Willem Dafoe
training Aquaman some reason I think he
knows that someday he will be the the
true king and he doesn't like Patrick
Wilson so he secretly goes to the
surface and trains him fair enough
and for hopes that one day you will get
the Trident
from smog in the caverns but yeah they
were like okay so I was like why can why
do those guys have to wear suits with
water in them and then everybody and
they're like oh you know only so-and-so
can breathe water and air okay and then
in order to have like different groups
under the the
around the Atlantis area they explained
that like some of them some of the
people that were down there evolved and
some of them devolved for some reason
and they're like like fish monsters it's
just an excuse to have cool creatures I
guess they fought like an army of
lobsters at one point that was my
favorite scene in the round
James Bond is a horror film maker I like
that whole sequence there they're like
these these Lovecraftian fish monsters
right that part while they're jumping
off the boat they got the the player
there's the red light and so on slow
motion yeah like swirling around him it
was wonderful speaking of Jango Fett the
lobster battle was very Attack of the
Clones like with those like lobster leg
things with like snouts shooting lasers
and it looked very similar visually to
attack of the claws
[Music]
yeah the arena monster the the like the
thing will be one fights with the spear
yeah it's like a crab monster and it
looks almost identical to the giant
thing that Aquaman rides at the end so
it's like yeah like oh my gosh and then
you get Phantom Menace comparisons
the Gungan city better remind me of that
yeah and that's the last thing you want
to be reminded of in any movie is the
prequels it's a giant it's a it's a
giant mixture of like 18 different films
like ones I described in the opening
like yeah for Lord of the Rings all
these like mythical life you can be the
King you are the true king you've got to
get the mythical a sword or spear or try
to make Aquaman into this epic which is
bizarre they did a good job in terms of
pulling it off but they did well they
just did the Justice League movie that
should be their big epic like technical
thing and that was a giant disaster I
would think they would go smaller with
this make like their version of an
ant-man type movie or the stakes are
smaller the this the the you know the
story is smaller but instead they upped
it and it's like the most expensive
movie ever made like it looks like it
would be there's a gigantic Lord of the
Rings scale battle at the end that is
ultimately pointless and doesn't really
connect with the main story yeah it's
like the story is the conflict between
Aquaman and Bible man but for some
reason we have to spend and it's not
even that long there's like Ollie it's
kind of visually cool but it's like five
minutes and then the movie forgets about
it it's weird
well Bible man wanted wanted to recruit
the the lobster people to join his this
quest to take over the surface this is
the movie because the surface has
garbage and battleships yes and that's
the thing too is is is the the Black
Panther comparison where you have this
society that has apparently solved all
of their problems or has a flawlessly
perfect society and the technology
techno supreme technology potentially no
hunger no needs for the civilian
population no internal problems
basically
but they still operate on a futile fight
to the Deaf mentality and Patrick Wilson
the king of everyone who wants to unite
everyone to conquer the surface world
because of garbage I mean I guess like
do you know how fucking big the oceans
are I mean yes we we have ships
battleships that float around on the
surface and people throw garbage in the
water this garbage in the water and
Patrick Wilson as a threat or a warning
makes a huge tidal wave that washes all
the trash up on land and some warships
and some warships - and really that's
all I need to do all yes to really do is
come up and float in the air and go on
CNN and go hi I'm the king of the
Atlanteans were real we're down here
yeah stop putting your garbage in the
water if he had any forethought or any
leadership yeah he would say we can
easily like create a tidal wave that
will drown all of your major cities you
don't really have to conquer the the
surface world and and he even goes to
the extent of like like falsifying an
attack by a submarine that he pays the
the pirate guy to attack you know the
King
amber hurts father yeah Dolph Lundgren
to make it look like the humans are
attacking them now right well really
like that wasn't a big problem it wasn't
really a big problem so it's like yes
bad guy stamped rubber stamp plot bad
guy wants to conquer the earth
you know when really the conflict you
could have done without all of that
gotten rid of that pirate character and
just had the conflict be the fight for
Atlantis between I keep wanting to
called Thor
I mean Aquaman and and and Patrick
woolsley I think that would be too close
to the Black Panther premise right yes
but instead it's too close to several
movies as opposed to just one and say
that that is the big problem is that
we're discussing the plot to this movie
and the plot is on the bottom of the
list it's all about like
cinematic universe building yeah you
have to at least care enough for the
like the visuals aren't gonna carry the
entire movie like you have to give it at
least a little enough of a character
work to where you give a shit even if
the plot is basic if there is a film
that deserves a cynical approach to our
review it's this because there is that
this is this is like more so than a
Marvel movie this one is kind of a
flatline and in the funny like oh I
isn't Aquaman kind of like like
charismatic and charming and you know
superhero ask isn't their relationship
like important or you know I care about
it no flatline their plot is like boiler
plate here's here's all the things and
then really it's just you know a bunch
an entire cast and crew of people that
just don't care about the movie they're
making it was really just a kind of like
I think they took a note from Wonder
Woman and you said before why didn't
they scale it back yeah and and I was
thinking about that during the movie I
was like this would have been great if
this came out like a couple years before
the Justice League oh sure
yeah it's like they did everything like
they built up to infinity war like them
yeah
wisely started with iron man DC is
constantly trying to course-correct
every movie is like a course correction
from the last movie yeah if this movie
was like an hour shorter and you
streamline the plot pick a plot and go
with that then it probably would've been
a lot more charming because I visually I
liked all the weird underwater stuff
that was a different setting for a movie
like this giant crab monster showing up
at the ends like that's that's fun but I
just didn't give a fuck about any of the
characters or anything that was
happening by that point yeah
[Music]
I was hoping at the end when Bible man
and Aquaman have to fight again against
that the super trident and a Bible man
says you know we've got a fight to see
who's gonna be the king yeah and there's
ooming up to the surface cuz well I'm
supposed to fight him on your own town
yes outside of the ocean I wanted them
to just shoot out and then like crash
land in like a shopping mall sure you
know what I mean and then they're things
skids to a halt and they're kind of
standing there someone drops their
coffee cup people are Christmas shopping
or whatever and then they kind of
Patrick Wilson and an Aquaman kind of
look at each other and then the seizures
are going world knows something's going
down and yeah you said they're fighting
on a ship in the ocean and it's raining
and it's and not that the movie is dark
it's not very Zack Snyder ish tonally
but it still has those kind of visuals
that are just like yeah basic fighting
and dark gritty environments stuff I
think for the silliness of it it took
itself too seriously it needed that and
that again I'm not a shill for Marvel
although I do get paid by them enormous
sums of money well that makes you a
shill then cha-ching remember how much
they paid us to review Ant Man and the
wasp Friday to cash but my point was
when you have something silly like Thor
with the Bifrost the magical rainbow
bridge and teleportation thing is there
a magic bridge - I did magical rainbow
bridge but they didn't laugh at it and
Thor Thor was more fish out of water
than Aquaman talk about ironic and and
that's the fun part that people relate
to yeah
is it some sort of prototype pleasant
all the stuff that's coming out of you
or lay eggs
looks like eggs but when Patrick Wilson
said call me the ocean master
and when nicole kidman had to wear a
fish costume can we talk about that sure
where does that suit
I was gonna say because she's in the
beginning of the movie and it's before
Aquaman was born so they digitally
de-aged her which was mildly distracting
but not too bad
but well uh Jango Fett's a toupee was
[Laughter]
dysley if you're gonna cast the cold
Kidman and you're gonna digitally
de-ager
you know she's gonna show up later in
the movie in present time but they keep
trying to treat it like she's dead but
then yeah whatever if you can't predict
that this whole move everything of this
movie's predictable but uh she shows up
and she you know rescues them and
they're on that island where we see like
dinosaurs in like one shot which was
kind of fun it was a bubble of Earth um
air inside the core of the earth yes
but yeah at first you're supposed to
think she's a fish monster and then you
realize oh it's a person in a costume
who's this gonna be and of course you
know it's gonna be Nicole Kidman and
then for the rest of her scenes during
that whole part of the movie she's just
wearing this fish monster outfit and she
looks like the predator if you just put
the Col Kidman set on the predator
that's he looks like he there was a
moment to like Jason mamoa does not
introduce Amber Heard to Nicole Kidman
he's just standing off to the side there
yeah I liked it
Aquaman goes and goes down into
something to retrieve the magical
Trident yes and then it cuts that we
don't come back to them and and and this
is Marvel DC comparison right okay he
comes out of the water and Amber Heard
is sitting on a rock and Nicole Kidman
is like picking something out of her
hair and then they look over and I was
like what what the fuck were they doing
it's like they didn't know what they did
for an hour and a half yeah and and
really what you need is um you know I'm
fighting the sea monster trying to get
trying to hard cut I'm sitting there
like so you know yeah how long you been
on this island
what now now what did you do when it
came time feminine products then the
audience chuckles while they're bored to
tears but I'm fighting you need to be
distracted from the plot basically you
got to be distract from the plot and you
need those relatable elements like what
does Nicole Kidman's been in a bubble in
the middle of the earth dinosaur bones
you had seen any people and Aquaman
didn't introduce her to this girl he has
with him
Mowgli mother this is so-and-so the
daughter of King blah blah blah the
daughter of Dolph Lundgren she is very
important and she has magical powers she
can control water and she saved my life
when I had to fight Bible man in front
of arena her name is I don't remember
her but see that's what I mean
relatability
and and you know what cut out six or
seven non-story progressing action
sequences and yes like then you make the
ones that you do have that much more
exciting though the Wonder Woman there
weren't a whole lot of action scenes in
that movie they kind of build up to the
Battle of Helm's Deep yes a couple a
couple of little skirmishes with with
works here are their works writing
monster dogs and then you have the
Battle of Helm's Deep that takes the
last 20 minutes of the film when you
have thousands 20 minutes trying to last
hours are thousands of monsters marching
the attention all the heroes uilt up
over the course of one and a half movies
to get to that point and that has that's
there's consequence to that this is
we're fighting the crab people or the
lobster men because I kind of want you
to join my seven seas army but I don't
really need you yeah but we don't want
to join but we haven't even been
introduced to these crab people we're
just all of a sudden watching them fight
then they say Patrick Wilson didn't with
just like by snapping your fingers you
basically like devastated the entire
earth with giant tidal waves why do you
need seven armies of the seven oceans
with crab monsters and giant Godzilla
creatures yeah the time has come for
Atlantis to rise again
and Aquaman must face not one but two
villains I think this film will play
very well too 13 year old boys and and
mentally deficient adults yeah don't be
loud by the visuals do go a long way I
mean there's there's cool things like
when they're going down to Atlantis and
like there's a sequence that's
completely lit by like these purple
jellyfish like you can tell there's a
lot of thought put into all that stuff
even though the two elderly people that
walked out during the talk about it
they've made it 2 hours and 10 minutes
into the film and then they said that's
enough enough ice limit when the crab
monsters started fighting the the sharks
that's when they were like I'm done our
brains weren't wired for this
me to the plugged-in elements Otis
briefly want to mention there's a part
when they're in the Sahara Desert and
that's where we're supposed to get the
was that like Romancing the Stone where
they're going on adventures but they
don't get along and then they fall in
love it was like that shit and I noticed
the music stuck out to me there where it
was like that but like plucky cutesy oh
yes it was like every like bad 90s movie
I was like why is this why are they
bringing this music bag okay I have a
track for you okay in case you're
wondering what Jays talking about here
it is okay it was that music and I'll
tell you why it was there Jay although
you know the answer was to tell you how
you should feel
yeah I mean we we talked about movies
aside from being VCR repair men we
watched them for a reason
yeah and and the whole time sitting
there thinking I can't imagine having
gone to this movie for the purpose of
sitting down and enjoying it because
seven other things are on top of that
which is we got to fix our cinematic
universe we've got to make the movie for
this character we've got to insert these
plots he needs to get his costume and
the very bottom of it is engaging your
audience in an interesting surprising
and fun to watch story yeah because
everything was predictable it was beat
for beat what it should have been and
you know to James once credit he
delivered exactly what needed to be
delivered he is he is a workman like a
reliable filmmaker yeah I mean it's like
he knew exactly what to make but they
still the the arrow fell far short of
achieving that Marvel formula I think I
think they were relying more on the
terms of Jason Momoa to carry it but
he's not that charming really just kind
of comes across like generic bro guy
he's kind of a knucklehead yeah he
needed they're bad but ya know I mean as
an actor he's he's okay but I mean they
like the character in the performance
the charisma right there wasn't any
charisma yeah he is a bit of a flat note
so is Amber Heard so Zen for her so when
you have the entire middle 45 minutes of
your movie the two of them trying to
relate and connect to each other it just
we need more Willem Dafoe this was a
very surprising sequel to The Life
Aquatic though wait a second what are we
doing you should cross the line across
the line if you're going to quit Bill
Murray as the King would have been great
yeah that's like I was throwing the rock
when you got Jeff Goldblum just
deflating anything with his weird comedy
even a spy goes here's the deal if you
want to get back to ass plays a sperg
guys God need someone like that
yeah just Bill Murray to the surface
yeah someone like like if the Patrick
Wilson character was doing it more out
of like ego and arrogance like I kind of
made it fun but he's so serious and
we're going to take over the tops like
who cares
boring boring yeah he could have been
more corrupt like like like he enjoys
the the spoils of being king you know
and he wants to rule the whole world
because maybe they're shit up on the
surface that they they don't really have
gone underwater like Vicodin like I'd
like a reverse black panther right like
Vicodin
and maybe he took a secret trip to the
surface world you know to like just to
investigate it one time one day yeah and
then he just holy shit this Taco Bell
place is amazing I loved I don't have
Taco Bell in Atlanta this is a great
great tie-in fish meat he goes to like
like like a bar and what is this oh you
you want a shot sir what a what it's
called booze a nice easy like Ruth's
Chris Steakhouse
he goes on a rollercoaster and down down
in down underwater he is like he's
Atlantean like mermaids as well he saw
the fish he wants but but it's not the
same he wants those treats of the
surface world but the surface world is
like like gross and and considered maybe
like low-class to the the proud
Atlanteans whatever and he's like I want
to conquer them but really you know
secretly he wants the spoils of the
surface world
he was Taco Bell and and booze and
vicodins and steak dinners and roller
coasters and cotton candy describes kind
of the turning point okay you just start
seeing tons of cotton it goes crazy and
that's that's why King blah blah blah
once wants to conquer the surface world
because he wants the best of both worlds
hey there you go Patrick Wilson's goal
to conquer the surface to get Taco Bell
vicodin and steaks and Jason Momoa and
Bible man at the end
crash-landing into a shopping mall and
having their epic fight they're sure
like little touches like that where you
you wink wink at at the subject matter
because it's so silly
Mike not every superhero movie should be
Marvel film you will need to take some
of these more seriously we'll have you
out in a second
I'm sure a whole bunch of CGI artists
got paid to meticulously animate a giant
battle that I close my eyes to what
could be greater than a king
a hero so Jay what you reckon about an
Aquaman oh no no oh yeah I would say no
stay away from Aquaman unless you're the
hardest of hardcore DC fans that needs
to soak up all of their cannon
lightning-fast QPR repair or shot how
can I help you oh you're looking to have
your qbr repaired
why we do that sir come on in we're open
24/7 coming at 4:30 in the morning what
an unexpected turn of events
