Nov 15, 2018
Mike Talks About Ghost Adventures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qe_BT8gYAAA
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1063149963935469568
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156024113732634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/mike-talks-about-ghost-adventures

and I'm a big fan of the director of
this Mike Flanagan he's doing another
Stephen King adaptation next year the
semi sequel to The Shining dr. sleep it
should be grown-up Danny Torrance as a
ghost hunter like zak bagans
there you go because he's got the
shinning he could sense ghosts he's not
a total fraud are you are you implying
that zak bagans is a total fraud even
though he was outed on live television
on Halloween uh yeah okay we'll talk
about that briefly I am I am a big fan
of the Ghost Adventures television show
I like paranormal programming I like
ghost hunting programming and Ghost
Adventures on Halloween did a live ghost
hunt the show works well because of
editing mm-hmm
and I'm not gonna speculate whether or
not they faked their evidence I don't
know I'm not going to talk about I'm not
going to speculate on that either I'm
not gonna expect you know they'll catch
like a little thing that will orb or
something that floats by the camera and
or though they'll review their audio
later and they'll catch this EVP they'll
play it 10 times and put the text up and
not have those these musical stings oh
yeah of which I have many here's one
here's another I have that library too
and it's like scraping metal sounds yeah
and they'll put a little stings and I'll
make it spooky ER and they'll edit it
perfectly too you know when you do a
live thing that's when you get a dose of
reality
if I can figure out how is this a Bic
pen it looks like what is this is that a
pen type of flashlight that's this is a
first look yeah how do you turn it on
now that's when people tell you directly
to your face on camera that you're a
fraud are their demonic possessions and
and not that much that I believe that it
really could have so I may not be good
with your script but nothing that's my
personally yeah well that was the the
most interesting part I mean the nothing
happened
oh I'm shocked so whole and you know I
think they saw like a little thing float
up on a camera saw some dust went by the
lens it was like a weird I don't know
but they had a witch in the basement
this is a bizarre british lady lady
snake she's like oh like an actual
Wiccan lady or something witch yeah I
don't even like like like with the green
know like yeah she was doing spells to
summon demons okay and then the the big
moment was there's a haunted object
called the Dybbuk box and and don't
worry folks we're gonna get into what I
just want to cover they have to get this
very important topic out of the way and
the Dybbuk box is supposedly the most
haunted object on earth and there's a
demon inside it a Jewish word is Dybbuk
for demon I guess it made a film about
it but I guess when zak bagans and and
post Malone rapper post Malone were
playing in the haunted mansion they
touched the Dybbuk box oh that's right
I'm gonna go into a car accident he got
in first his plane the tire exploded on
this plane and almost blew up and then
like three days later he got like
t-boned in an intersection almost dying
so the Dybbuk box is out to get him okay
and zak bagans was gonna open the Dybbuk
box and it was a soul like drama filled
event where they're all in the room and
he's like i can't do it and and then he
they didn't open it but the thing you're
referencing was just what a lot of
people are talking about is they brought
a rabbit
and they found a rabbi if they opened
the Dybbuk box the rabbi had the power
to seal the demon back in the Dybbuk box
and so they're like this rabbis gonna do
that can I ask you a question rabbi yes
are you familiar with a Dimmick or
Dimmick box I read up on a today because
they told me about this I read about it
okay like so you know in your religion
do you believe in demons and attachments
he's like yeah not really
we're Cylons and then he goes and then
the the phrasing that he used was odd
because he goes because if it works with
your script maybe you know some may not
be good with your script but nothing
okay
let's um let's go over here use the word
script and he meant like your intentions
or your story and I've got a literal
script but it comes off very poorly
exactly did he clarify this later just
assume he's assuming this is the way he
was speaking and that's fine come over
here and then the camera pans away and
then we never saw the rabbi again kicked
him out and then attributed the rabbi
like lying because he said he was
familiar with it and could seal the
demon back in okay then when he got
there he's like I've never heard of this
thing and I don't believe in demon so
zak bagans blamed it on influence from
the Dybbuk bottle of course these weird
interruptions
you know tongs and like to prevent this
will cause problems uneasiness they will
make you angry off-center everything
that guy made me angry yeah you must be
joined it so you know and then they got
out a Ouija board
well he got to and couldn't call it a
Ouija board they had to call it a
talking board for what you do on the
talking board or which board and put
gaff tape over weed yeah mmm trademarked
Parker Brothers the evil demonic Parker
Brothers board game they tried and
they were like the oh oh they brought in
a guy who is an expert on the Zozo demon
and with the Z named demon the demon
named Zozo zoz oh is that a relative of
Pazuzu he was on an episode in the past
where they found the Zozo demon they
contacted him through the Ouija board
apparently this demon has attached to
this guy that brought him in and they're
like let's go use the spirit board and
then they're like oh those oh and then
after that they're like oh do you know
what's inside the Dybbuk box in queue
and then seconds like what is it
smelling and they're like cut the show
short guys we got to wrap up I need
everybody to come with me right now okay
even though we're just starting to get
activity with the board we got to get
everybody out but the whole night
everybody was going oh I feel cold Oh
what was that
you know just desperate you know you sit
there and your rational brain it's like
okay you know things guys if things are
going south and nothing's happening just
claim you felt some cold breeze things
that the audience cannot physically see
or hear sure um I feel weird I feel
angry
oh maybe something's trying to possess
me and you see you see their head live
tweets on the bottom yeah and it's like
oh my god I'm so scared I'm shaking
right now and that's like when when zak
bagans such the the the Dybbuk box my
dog barked and there there are people
that are and they were talking about
people who visited the museum that that
fainted no you know and then you know
cuz I've been on some some tours of
ghost places and there's always one or
two people in the group who go oh I feel
faint
oh because because in their brain they
they're desperate to feel special
oh sure and so if I'm sure a lot of it's
like psychosomatic - yeah if the ghost
is is singling them out then they're
special and oh I fainted yeah and then
oh yo we're gonna give you all this
attention you know there's so many
different layers of the brain and how
people react to things and how people
read things and how people are
manipulated and I think that's why love
paranormal shows why and zak bagans is
just goofy but I'm sorry this is just
not worth it for my own health I'm
already sick I'm weak right now and this
is going on I don't know what's gonna
happen my throat's sore
I've had a sore throat for a month and a
half and this is not an acoustic
environment that's suitable to request
this from me I have lots to say about
Ghost Adventures
but yeah the the editing of the show the
other the the cuz you know I obviously
am an editor as well so I always I can
tell when things are being moved around
there's apparently a YouTube channel
just like over the last week or two that
does like paranormal investigation stuff
and they accidentally forgot to edit out
a part of the video that they uploaded
where he's like exploring the basement
it kind of reminds me of something
mental not only to it too early when I
say mental asylum when I say mental
asylum do it and it kind of reminds me
of like an old mental asylum
it really really does look at this place
you just forgot to cut it out and it's a
videos like that they need professional
letters like it like that would never
happen on Ghost Adventures
oh no it's a slick program but yeah I
love the show but again let me put up
the phrase yeah sure cuz I guess I get a
lot of flack for my love of ghosts I
don't care what you people think of me
when I bought this at the antique shop
the lady who touched it grabbed it and
said I must wash my hands
I must wash my hands I must wash my
hands and then keeled over and had
abdominal pains
