Apr 19, 2018
Truth or Dare and A Quiet Place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7WSwRVKwBo
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/987031199758635008
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155571903977634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-truth-or-dare-and-a-quiet-place-spoilers

Half in the bag.
hey Mike why so down in the dumps yeah
we lost Harry today oh thank god now I
can finally quit this shithole job maybe
go back to school get my degree in
engineering and move out of this fucked
up state where it snows in late April
not Harry planket J Harry Anderson oh
the guy that played the judge on Night
Court I guess we'll never get that Night
Court revival now the only shows we'll
have for 80s and 90s nostalgia revivals
are Roseanne Full House Will and Grace
are you gonna get that too sad you do
lightning fast VCR repaired this is Mike
how can I help you hello hello mr. mr.
Plunkett look I I just heard we lost
Harry oh god it just makes me want to
watch my fucking night card table are
you fucking ever gonna fix my goddamn
VCR I'm sure but our rates have gone up
again I'll pay any price I just need to
see my sweet sweet prince judge Harry T
stone one more time tano his memory
sure sure I completely understand mr.
Plunkett mr. blanket yeah about your
Night Court tape I just wanted to ask
you you have all the episodes I recorded
them all and triple s LP mode on a
Chinese VHS tape specifically designed
for bootlegging every episode all nine
seasons well you just keep that tape in
a safe spot mr. blinken and this time
we're gonna get that VCR working I
promise we'll be by later today
okay love you I mean I talked talk to
you later
how
a little awkward Mike why are you
suddenly so interested in his Night
Court tape J it's not fixing the VCR
that's the gold mine it's the fucking
Night Court tape J I'm not following
J I just read online that they never
released Night Court on DVD and just
last year the warehouse where the studio
stored all the Masters burned down this
article says that Night Court has been
lost to time
I just read about a guy in Boise Idaho
who claims he had five episodes taped on
a VHS tape he action did off for
$100,000 but it turns out the tape was a
fake but we have the real thing oh my
fucking god we're sitting on a gold mine
oh no not literally oh my god Jay let's
get over to mr. plinkus house right away
sure but first let me warm up my car
because it's late April and there's a
fucking blizzard outside 58 days into
spring there's a blizzard great while
you're warming up your car we can talk
about two new movies we saw yeah sure
whatever
roll it Johnny
hello what terrible idea we got next
what's the title that all the kids will
recognize relate to and get calmed by
why it's truth or dare from the
acclaimed filmmaker that brought you
true memoirs of an international
assassin starring Kevin James and
nothing else no other films
truth-or-dare tells the pointless story
about college students go on spring
break trip to Mexico
whatever Jared's very why did we watch
this I hate you
was this my suggestion yeah I think this
looks terrible let's make fun of it I
had heard that this was the next wish
upon this is no wish upon this is no
bye-bye man but my question is who makes
these movies it's weird because we're
all we're talking well listen we're
talking about this movie and we're
talking about a quiet place on this
episode correct one is a Blum House
movie that feels like a Platinum Dunes
movie and one is a Platinum Dunes movie
that feels like a Blum House movie it's
like we're in the upside down uh yeah
movies like this don't even feel real it
feels like this is like like a computer
algorithm just generates these it's like
like like like an app on your phone like
I just made a new horror film and this
is the result that's funny you mention
your phone this the the scariest most
nightmarish thing in this film is
watching college students and their
devices the whole movie is about drugs
through their stupid lives
well we gotta talk about that the middle
of the movie they're tracking down all
these kids they're cursed with the truth
or dare curse because this is new to me
but apparently demons can not only
possess people or objects but they can
possess theoretical x' like they possess
a game an idea but they know that there
was somebody that was
a part of this truth-or-dare previously
and so they look her up on Facebook and
they're like did you find your Facebook
page they're all sitting around a table
we're like geysell's falling ha ha I
found the Facebook page and then one of
them's on their laptop and it's like
friend her so we can send her an instant
message and like what the fuck is this
they're like no don't send it from your
real account make a dummy account so you
can send her a message on Facebook about
the truth or dare demon and I'm like
what even is this world anymore
the fuck is this I miss the old days of
microfiche libraries like because this
is technology like this is the world we
live in I get that but there's nothing
like traumatic or tense about watching
people talk about creating dummy
accounts on facebook to send people
messages about demons
it's a stupid premise routines a bunch
of teens get involved in something else
are dying one by one I mean it's it's
almost satire at this point there's no
originality in this movie well they're
not they're not even trying to make it
convincing when they first get to thee
it's like in this old run-down chapel or
whatever it's a monastery the monastery
like an honour and that's that's where
the demon lives and the demon takes over
your friends for the truth or dare curse
or whatever well so there they're there
and well they meet up with this guy this
strange guy who's very like polite and
nice and he's like hey I got a I got an
idea let's go back to this monastery
complete strangers so they go with him
and then he's like I got an idea let's
play truth or dare and the friends are
like oh that but that's like four little
kids we're not gonna play that and the
guys like I don't know man you can learn
about your friends deepest darkest
secrets and one of the guys just goes
this sounds interesting let's do it
I said I'm into that bro that's the
justification for all these people
participating in the dumbest thing ever
I was thinking about thank goodness
for for churches and priests and nuns
without them we would have no plots for
modern-day horror fellas though the
mysticism of Mexico is this nation that
we don't know much about white kids from
college appropriate they're culturally
appropriate they're demon from a Mexican
monastery it's like
cuz they can't get it at Starbucks it's
like how insulting how shameful onlys
these weird foreign cultures and their
creepy demon there oh this is picture of
a priest in a nun how bizarre and
foreign to me I'm a kid who's on
Facebook and tweets from Starbucks okay
so I guess the plot was that the priest
did bad things to the young nuns he
either beat them or killed them and so
in order to subside their time while the
priest murdered them they played a game
called truth or dare and and because the
priest did awful things he invited a
demon named Neelix
in the film the demons name is like goo
Vicks or do vixx a Rubik's Cube yeah
it's it's something within I acts on the
end so I cut yeah so so then the demon
named Neelix can is haunting their game
of truth or dare
mm-hm and then the demon will appear and
for in some form whether it's on an old
video on your phone it's whatever they
need for any given scene and and it has
stupid CGI smile okay and the demon says
truth or dare and they could choose
truth or dare at first until the plot
requires them to not only need to twist
you gotta you gotta shake up the story
then it goes no oh you can't keep
picking truth because that's easy so you
got the kids and you got they're playing
the game and and it's like okay it's
kind of work attendant it just becomes
too bogged down and like minutia and
exposition position and nonsense like
that part where they they're like we got
to go to Mexico again they go to Mexico
like five times three hours to this
lady's this old lady's house she's the
original nun from 1950 or something yeah
and we gotta go find this old lady and
and that exposition scene is she writes
down all the exposition on paper yeah
that they read for the reveal that the
old lady cut her tongue out that's the
way to defeat the demon you cut the last
person to play the game or whatever we
needed the seem to go on for fifteen
minutes before we got to that point yeah
well and before that even they get there
and it's like her granddaughter opens
the door no
can we come in and see your grandmother
she's like let me go check and she
closes the door and they sit on the
porch and they're like spit in our could
we go in yet and then they go in and
you're like why did she said why did
they wait just get this fucking scene
over with
we know this scene this is this is like
card punching the movie everyone's just
there to do their job just get it over
with
get in and out it was a bizarre setup
like you could have just like knock on
the door of the girl whose door are you
so on so no that's my grandmother hard
cut can't 5-10 minutes later they're
sitting there listening the grandma it's
a bad like 15 minutes of them waiting
that was to give the gramma time to
write down everything but like a quiet
place why not do the sign language
grandma grandma so-and-so says you are
all in trouble
you know make it make a little creepy
it's visuals but instead the she hands
on paper and apparently she can write
perfect English yeah oh she's a Mexican
national who's never been to the United
States I guess she just learned English
was cut out for 50 years this is a film
the rules are different you can just go
down to Mexico with a gun yeah like it
doesn't matter this is this movie is its
own reality let's go to Mexico I'm
holding you hostage we're gonna cross
the border with a gun no one's gonna
stop us maybe they don't care I've never
been to Mexico so maybe they don't care
like what you bring in there just you
just you're driving but you know I'm
just taking this guy as a hostage we got
to go to this monastery to stop a demon
any drugs no why not
we're not playing the game it's playing
us but yeah okay giant pile of shit
what's that you got there I keep looking
at it oh this is uh this is another film
called truth or dare I thought this I
brought this because I thought this is
what we were gonna talk about this is an
ad shoutout video film called truth or
dare
it's better than the one we saw this is
a blu-ray the movie was shot on video
and this blu-ray is a VHS transfer but
in this film it's about a guy he played
a very dangerous game of truth or dare
when he was a small child where they
dared him to slit his fucking wrists so
he sees a little kid slitting his wrists
oh and his mom's like you dumb fuck and
she scolds him and then he grows up and
his wife cheats on him and he goes crazy
and starts killing people in
truth-or-dare related ways
to slice your arm off it's it's just
terrible but it's way more entertaining
than blue houses truth or dare is it
more entertaining than Madonna's truth
or dare is that the this is the Madonna
Darrin he wanted to chop their own foot
off on that no it's it's a it's a
documentary about her tour no it's in
black and white does she does she take a
mace too like a fat elderly woman's face
to apologize to me and move out of here
or I'm going to come you know what to
save this movie elaborate convoluted
gory death scenes that's the looks like
a final destination movie like that's
the star of the movie is these these
elaborate death scenes but this is pg-13
which I'm not like wholly against pg-13
horror there's been some some good ones
but I thought this was PG but miss a
movie like this like that's what you
need that's the entire point of the
movie is these deaths but they're
completely bloodless a guy slips his
throat and there's absolutely no mark
whatsoever it's terrible yeah it feels
like a Nickelodeon horror movie yeah
well yeah and like the music like at the
beginning and like we're happy you're
going down to Mexico look at her
snapchats
and it's like there's like this like
like teen TV show drama love triangle
bullshit like I get that this is a
horror movie aimed at a younger audience
but it's just so dumb I mean it was it
was alright that they set up some of
these like little interwoven character
stuff like the girl but it all felt so
like like oh yeah well then we we learn
there's the two best friends there's the
main girl and her blonde or there's her
best friend and the way we learned that
blonde was distracting because she
looked exactly like Lisa from the room I
was like oh my god this is this is
reminding me of the room but we're
introduced to her backstory she's
looking at her phone she's looking at
footage of her dad
and then she goes to her friend and she
says when my dad took his own life you
were there for me and that's oh because
that's how people talk well and that
comes back later we find out because our
main character she has to do truth I
know she does dare but then the demon
dares her to tell the truth yes
convoluted which is that before her
friend's dad killed himself he tried to
rape her and she gives this whole model
of the artworks pretty strong well he
comes on to her and he says before he's
forceful whatever wrong he kisses her
sure sure but uh the point being that
this lead actress I don't know who she
is whatever she's giving the sleek
emotional speech and it's like really
like intense like she's not the greatest
actress but she does a fine job they're
doing their best doing their best and
she's telling this whole backstory I
never told you because you know you have
this memory of your dad that you
treasure and blah blah blah I didn't
want to destroy that and I kept it from
you and she's like crying and I'm just
thinking like for truth or dare yeah I
mean my favorite part I think was was
the gay Asian kid who had to was forced
by a demon to come out to his dad oh
yeah at least officer which they set up
by him saying I'm a gay man and my dad
is a police officer and he doesn't know
that I'm gay they just they tell you
they just flat-out say it and the dad by
the way it was like the worst actor ever
that was like like he won a contests
like being a movie being a plumb house
film male in these proof of purchases
and you can get a partner the Box Tops
hope cereal Frankenberry but I was
waiting because they do that yeah
there's the setup where the dad gets the
the Neelix face and he's like truth or
dare and then I was like oh he's gonna
have to come out to his dad this will be
a dramatic moment but we just don't even
see it it just cuts the next scene he's
like I came out to my dad and he was
cool
yeah that's like oh and his dad just
showed up at the hospital yeah but I was
like this is that really there was that
Neelix and doing like a apparition I
guess the dad was really he was there
and just showed up but then we had this
important moment we didn't see it maybe
the acting was really bad and
like worse like the dad was like they
tried to get him to cry we couldn't do
it your why oh then Jason Blum was like
oh we gotta cut the scene it's really
bad that all the kids are gonna laugh in
the theatre you know it's possible
speaking of Jason Blum remember how a
Blum House won an Academy Award a couple
months ago I thought that was weird that
this movie's title is not just truth or
dare it's Blum houses
truth or dare like is this the one you
want to brands put that on get out
that's desperation maybe this was in
production like before get out and now
like they're gonna focus more on smarter
better horror films yeah this certainly
feels like a from the bottom of a drawer
or from the bottom of a dumpster yeah I
don't know cuz I know Blum house gets a
lot of shit from people I think because
I like their earlier like found-footage
movies they did all those but they seem
to be very like director driven would
stuff like get out and the new Halloween
movie which I'm cautiously optimistic
about so I think they're trying to do
better stuff but then like something
like this squeaks out you're like why
obviously they throw a blum house in
there oh okay maybe that's what they
thought would salvage the movie well
yeah oh they get out people okay go see
that that's why they put it above the
title it's it's a it's it's a risky move
yeah they're probably gonna make money
off this this probably cost five bucks
to make and so maybe it was there oh I
dare you truth or dare
Jason I dare you to release this movie
have all the demons with smiley faces I
dare you what what's your what's your
truth not your truth Jason well I've
been to these parties with Bryan Singer
nevermind let's do dare stop talking
that's evil I'm fuckin blushing red
release truth again later there's one
really bizarre line of dialogue there's
the
the med student and he's got he's like I
got my lucky pen and we got a close-up
of that pen and I was like what's going
in his fucking eye later in the movie
which it does but he's like I got my
lucky pen and then his girlfriend's like
I thought I was your lucky pen and I
think was I mean what is that
who wrote that I don't I don't I don't
have anything else to say about truth or
dare nothing to say we went to see it
hoping to make fun of it it's it's
barely worth making fun of it is not on
the level of wish upon in terms of
recent trash no it's it's horrendously
long needlessly convoluted the funniest
thing about it is pretty stupid very
stupid but the funniest thing about it
is the baffling decision to make all the
demons would that stupid smiley face
like that's funny-looking visually but
it's not worth seeing the movie for no
it's it's just they should have just
gone like you know black eyes like dead
face I think they're trying to make it
like distinct something you would
remember yeah that's the one where they
have the creepy smiles right creepy lol
I was watching it and I was like this
looks this looks like like a like a nap
like when you take a picture in your
phone and you can do stupid things like
give yourself dog ears and then what are
the characters says that they're like
it's like a snapchat filters like oh
don't acknowledge how terrible your
ideas full-on acknowledgement
truth or dare
Mike truth or dare dare I dare you to
watch this movie again no oh I died
Shh it's time to talk about a quiet
place a new horror film from director
John Krasinski and soon-to-be ex-wife
Emily Blunt this condescending Hollywood
power couple plays a husband and wife
trying to raise kids in a
post-apocalyptic world where mysterious
creatures hunt them by sound part
tremors part memoirs of an international
assassin this film is all scary Mike
what did you think of a quiet place well
Jeff a quiet place was effective yet not
wholly original has anyone compared this
to an M night Shyamalan movie that's all
but a specific movie just like his type
of movie it kind of felt like that to me
like slaw key B movie premise kind of
gone up a little class yeah I could see
that and you know and enough like skill
and craftsmanship to distract you from
the kind of bad aspects of it right
that's a good way of putting it where it
it has kind of a worn out premise I mean
it's not something specifically seen but
there there are lots of different
elements from other things that can be
like well this is like this is like this
is like yeah but um but yeah in it but
it's done in sort of an artful way I
kept thinking that Maggie movie with
Schwarzenegger and there you know the
farmhouse and you know obviously there's
things like tremors and science yeah
science family stuff the the creatures
are kind of you don't get great glimpses
of them very often
yeah and that movie what's it called the
where they're in they're gonna air up
there with Kevin Bacon yes
it also reminded me of a smaller movie
called hidden where there's little
family in underground bunker and there's
the the glowing eyes mysterious threat
mysterious threat but that one had a
Shama lamian twist which we won't say
for those of you who want to watch
hidden I'd recommend that one that was
good yeah but so yeah lots of parts from
other things kind of done in an hour
artfully kind of tense
well done white well well-crafted scares
enough to distract you yeah I'm you got
to go into this movie with what I'm
going to call the gremlins goggles where
like you watch gremlins you're like this
is really entertaining but you have to
ignore the fact that like the rules for
the Mogwai it don't make any fucking
sense like if you can't feed him after
midnight what does that mean it's always
after midnight what if they're eating in
an airplane and they cross a time zone I
mean it's always midnight somewhere
it's always midnight somewhere yeah they
wish they of course make fun of famously
in gremlins too but this movie there's
so many things whereas like characters
make really dumb decisions or it's like
this is the post apocalypse it's it's
like a year after everything's falling
apart
and I was like how do they have
electricity on their farm do they have a
generator if they have a generator those
make a lot of fucking noise so I don't
get that and there's lots of little
things like that that started to like
stack up yeah I was like why would you
decide to have a baby the loudest thing
ever in this environment I know your
first kid died I I know that's that's
they had a whole plan set up for when
the baby's born but yeah baby's fucking
scream yes and cry all the time
yeah no and another thing that was
bothering me was like whenever someone
does because the whole movie is super
quiet which is why we didn't see it on a
weekends there's no fucking way you
could get me into a theater for this
movie on a weekend crowd well you have
to talk about the ultimate irony with
that
yeah well this ended up being the best
theatrical experience I've ever had
because nobody was in the theater and
and it was on the super screen the
biggest theater there no one came yeah I
mean granted it was a late show but I
know it was a weekday and but there's
just I'm like oh god I don't want to see
this movie in a theater because people
are gonna fucking talk right behind you
or be annoying yeah and and like oh god
it's in the big theater some other
people are gonna come no one came don't
see it in a pack leader on a weekends
it'll be the most miserable experience
of your life if you've got some asshole
that's talking but I think people will
pay attention and watch it plus you have
the the it's probably a good thing to
see like towards the end with a crowd a
lot of the scarers and people getting
into it I just be concerned about all
the dead quiet scenes where they're just
like doing sign language and stuff
that's subtitled you just go like this
just bring the noise cancelling it
headphones to the theater popcorn
crunching cancelling headphone there you
go they should hand those out in the
shader I want to develop silent snacks
like find some kind of like physicists
or chemists like like like pizza like
when you bite into it yeah it doesn't
make squishing sounds wrappers that are
not made of cellophane that are made of
like cotton there's got to be some
scientists that is also a disgruntled
movie buff that's working on this right
there has to be the crunch loose popcorn
sick of these assholes that kills me
they ruined a quiet place for me it's
ironic that the movie is called a quiet
place cuz a theater never is but anyway
another thing I was thinking was like
whenever cuz it's super quiet you know
and people this is like a movie where
jump stairs jump scares are completely
acceptable because it's like the whole
idea is that it's completely quiet and
then a noise happens but whenever
someone would accidentally make a loud
noise they would just stay in that spot
it's like no get the fuck away from the
spot where you made the noise that's
where they're gonna come to yeah so they
were just like freeze it's like no you
should have this figured out by now yeah
so there's lots of things like that that
were just kind of like kept kind of
stacking up for us like dumb decisions
here and there but the movies incredibly
well made and the creatures are
effective I like the design where
there's just like lots of little plates
on their head that open up and there's
just like goo inside like that was cool
and gross looking so really well made
once you just kind of I don't know I
guess you'd say suspension of disbelief
but it's it's stretching it
one watching the beginning and kind of
them they set up their world right and I
was like what is an acceptable level of
sound and and that question was never
really answered because they're doing
stuff there like that one point he's
like it's okay to talk we're in we're in
this place and they talk
oh and the the waterfall they're like
there's a lot of noise louder than us
yeah that that part was very well done
like you he's like you can you can the
fish can make noise you could talk
because the water is running but but and
when they're in their house John
Krasinski's talking to Emily Blunt oh we
are talking under decent volume and then
they're doing day-to-day stuff like
there but they they put a mattress above
them
yeah so that blocks out all sounds I
mean they should have really would just
sound proofed the fuck out of that house
but you know so you have that and then
you have like little touches like what I
thought was neat was they poured sand
for their whole trip to the river yeah
you know and it was like okay that he
walks barefoot that's clever yeah yeah
snapping twigs and all that but I just
kept wondering what what is a sound
volume level of what this creature will
hear I need to some some technical
specifics and then some of the set
design like we're on the wall it's like
aliens question mark loud noises bring
them to us and it was there and it was
like oh that's a little too on the nose
but why is he just writing that armor
plating on alien question mark yeah
what is weakness there's really just
fucking thinking of that all the time
write that down
well that's that's they needed that so
the little girl could look at it at the
end and the audience goes oh even though
it's the most obvious thing ever yeah I
mean though they tell you you know they
didn't need that they didn't need that
wreck focus to what yeah I think that's
what was most surprising to me I cuz I
like the small scale I like how like
intimate and simple Lissa's with hints
of like larger world building and like
the idea that at night he lights a fire
and then he sees yeah in the in the
forest like other people oh there's
other people out there we never see them
we're just focused on this one with them
we do see the elderly couple at one
point okay we see one
the people but for the most part we're
sticking to this family and I liked that
I liked that aspect of it but if you're
going to do that like you need really
good like character drama stuff and
there wasn't much of that either it was
a little a little sitcom II yeah I mean
all the performances are really good but
the daughter I guess she's hard of
hearing in real life okay which is like
okay let's interesting yeah but she was
really good but the main conflict of the
movie is the daughter she is partially
responsible for the youngest son getting
killed at the beginning and so she's
like oh dad hates me dad hates me and
that's her whole thing and then at the
end of course he reveals to the daughter
know I love you yeah but it's like we
know he loves her throughout the whole
movies so there's never any stakes or
tension or or drama there because we
know the whole movie that that's where
it's heading
yeah there's that that's pretty much the
only driving dramatic element in the
whole movie because there's nothing
really between him and the wife that I
mean there should have been some kind of
like like why don't you self-abort it
you know like something like yeah one of
them one to keep it wasn't that needed
to because that was never answered it's
like yeah did you pull out help her how
about you do that or it's like they have
they have a drama about she really wants
to replace that baby that died you know
you're like whatever they would say and
and they there's drama there and maybe
yeah maybe he has a moment where like
the first thing I thought the creature
comes down in the basement right as I
and the creature and she's holding the
baby and it looks like it's about to
start crying and she has the option of
putting it under the water save herself
or the baby like there's there's a
couple of like heavier bigger things you
could have done there's that movie that
I really liked I don't think you liked
it as much as I did the air up there
with Kevin Bacon yes
the little touches of it comes at night
- I know you didn't like that movie as
much as I did but what happens at the
end of that is it's kind of like that in
that level of drama that I was hoping it
hits you it's like visceral yeah like a
gut punch yeah and this movie is like it
comes at night if things actually came
at night sure yeah so it's like 50/50
where there's a lot of things I like
like I like they're playing Monopoly at
the beginning and they're using like
these soft little cloth pieces instead
of the normal normal you know monopoly
pieces but that made me think when
you're sitting in your basement of a
house or even inside the house would
moving a monopoly piece really attract
the attention of a creature yeah I would
think cooking dinner which they're also
doing in that scene they're probably
made more toys yes yes and she says
she's doing laundry at one point I think
she's doing it with water because they
showed washing machines something yeah
you turn on a washing machine it was
distracting I'm like that those are
probably they're from before right you
didn't use that Yeah right because the
kids can't play Monopoly washing machine
see and that's why I say you got to go
to the movie with gremlins goggles cuz
it's like it's frustrating because the
movie does so much to try and set up all
the little details of this world but it
also ignores so much where it's like you
kind of have to look at it a little more
analytically I would like to just say
like oh it's it's a big monster movie
and you just kind of go with the premise
but then there's these little things
that make it more interesting but then
those interesting things raise more
questions like I probably won't even
think so much about like how they're
getting electricity if there wasn't so
much attention paid to other little
details yeah
it's well set up and off see I wouldn't
praise this movie it's like like a
genius work of art or anything it's
effective only in the way that what it's
set out to do is these people will get
attacked by a creature that's really
fucking violent if they make sound
there's your there's your that's your
canvas yeah
and just go have fun with that like that
when they set up the the nail sticking
out of the floor and the kids fall in
the grain silo oh yeah there's there's
lots of little set
pieces of fun where you're like whoo oh
you know she's given birth in the
bathtub and trying to do it quietly I
mean that's that's really what the movie
is the world-building and the details
were pretty much there but they got it
in in a solid 90 minutes yes this is a
know if they spend way too much time
explaining like John Krasinski's out
there with fireworks and he's like okay
you know he goes he goes rocket that's
their code word you know yeah and so the
kid runs and he's lighting a thing I'm
like okay they set that up got it that's
fine you know we don't need too much of
that but you're right what sound is a
good amount of sound how did I get
electricity but you don't want a nerd
and it picked this movie because it's
really just about fun scary which is
kind of what I was surprised by maybe it
was the trailer but I thought this would
have a little more going on in it to me
it was the metaphor of family there was
this allegory of what it really meant to
be a parent and to me my favorite movies
horror otherwise or really have a strong
metaphor
so Mike would you recommend a quiet
place sure it was nice that was 90
minutes I was like this is good and it
knew exactly how long you could stretch
this premise right yes because your
characters barely talked and I knew
right at the right moments we gotta have
a little action scene here we can come
back down I got to do another thing here
build your tension up and end it some
cool visuals some tense moments all
around fun low-budget well shot not
totally stupid horror movie what about
you I would I have some reservations it
was getting close with the the stacking
up of the things there were eyes like
what about this why not this this movie
is fucking tailor-made for the people
that treat dumb shit like cinemasins
with any degree of seriousness where if
they treat that as like serious
criticism are these monsters from space
government laboratories an ancient curse
we don't know because the movie doesn't
tell us the family lives on a farm with
TVs radio gear cameras and light bulbs
how are they powering these things I
didn't see any solar panels and must be
run on a noisy generator do you know
much noise a generator makes it makes a
lot of noise the creatures are blind
make an attack sound might hunt in packs
and we're not sure their weakness how do
I know this because it's written on this
dry erase board very clearly wouldn't
these people already know this wouldn't
it be like the only thing on their minds
or is this they're just to tell the
audience this information I think it is
I think it's there just to tell the
audience visually like a movie the media
also knows all this information because
it's printed on these newspapers but how
printing presses make a lot of noise how
did they print those papers if they make
noise if the people can be loud by the
waterfall and the creatures can't hear
them there then why don't they just live
in the waterfall
duh that doesn't make any sense well Jay
your car's probably heated up by now we
should get over to Plunkett's house you
know before he finds out the value of
that tape oh sure
hey where's my shirt so big what first I
got a while oh oh it hurts so much I
could just I could just feel it right
here no way right right here here oh no
oh no I got a crane
Oh
oh my god explosive diarrhea is running
out of my adult diaper
