Jul 25, 2019
Comic Con 2019, The Picard Trailer, Streaming Services, and Midsommar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70SSJLG72Q0
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1154395625175363584
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156570275897634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-comic-con-2019-the-picard-trailer-streaming-services-and-midsommar
https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/choe0r/half_in_the_bag_comic_con_2019_the_picard_trailer/

half in the bag well Mike this is sort
of an impromptu half in the bag what do
you mean we've been sitting in this
house for almost 10 years now
fixing the same VCR Oh what is a half in
the back we weren't going to talk about
Comic Con stuff but here we are it's
Comic Con finally over
you mean like forever no it'll never
ever be over although I think attendance
is down I think people are losing
interest because it's nothing but a big
advertisement it's a media hype the only
reason it exists any word it used to be
you know you would go there and actually
look comic books maybe there'd be one
has been Lou Ferrigno would be there
those days are long those days are long
gone and now it's just Disney trying to
shove their pick up your we weren't
gonna talk about comic-con and we
weren't gonna talk about midsummer and
now we're just gonna talk about both I
normally don't really pay attention to
comic-con stuff but we did a video last
year about stuff it was only a year ago
but it feels like a lifetime ago because
there's been 27 comic book movies to
come out between then and now yeah I
will dump saw their their corporate
projections that that screen of like the
lineup it's very like cold yeah it's
like what we've talked about with the
like Star Wars Celebration should we
give it a cynicism warning like people
have trigger warnings will say if you
don't like it when we're negative maybe
shut this off now
well I have one trailer I want to talk
positively about everything else is like
an exhausting nightmare speak for
yourself I am too exhausted to be
exhausted okay I just don't care one way
or the other so we well we have this
problem where if we talk positively
about something whatever the most recent
thing is that we talk positively about
the comments are you guys have a pass to
everything and whenever we're negative
about whatever the most recent thing is
we're negative about the comments are
always you guys hate everything so I
don't know how we can be both but we are
but today we're talking about comic-con
to me though the the sheer volume of
stuff kind of is indicative of the fact
that there is an audience for all this
material sure and there are winners and
there are losers and it's very like it's
very free market mm-hmm it's just like I
was kind of looking through the list and
I'm like okay there are shows that I
didn't know existed that are in the
fifth or sixth season of the flash
season six riverdale season four Young
Justice season for Doom Patrol season
two Titan season two Super Girl Season
five arrow season eight Black Lightning
season three agents of shield season six
I thought that show was done ending with
season stuff okay so it's like and I'm
looking at these things and these are
all live action yeah I think all of them
are Young Justice sounded like a cartoon
show and I think that might be a cartoon
show I don't know but it's like okay and
so yeah and then I out of curiosity I
looked up some of the the things that
ended Luke Cage Netflix doesn't seem to
have a very good track record with
superhero TV shows well they've said I
don't know it's just superhero stuff but
in general they there was some sort of
quote recently or someone that works for
Netflix said they don't see any need to
have a show go longer than two or three
seasons so I think that so they they
create a new show to drum up interest
get some new subscribers and then once
they get it they have no use of that
show any I agree with that
so unless it's why do - because then
it's like oh good it's like I still
haven't watched madmen because it's like
eight seasons and I'm like I would like
to watch that but it's a lot so yeah two
or three seasons is perfect
the only exception of that is like
orange is the new black and like
stranger things like the really popular
ones - right right yeah yeah because
there's Luke Cage iron fist Jessica
Jones the Punisher daredevil and then
there's a couple of Fox flops but the
gifted I think was an x-men thing really
x-men branded the gifted it's like
teenagers with superpowers
I've never heard
this and then Gotham well Jason's we're
gonna talk about the San Diego comic-con
stuff I thought maybe we could start
with Star Trek Picard so I can get that
out of the way got a lot of thoughts
about that sure yeah I mean you probably
have a lot to say about it like I really
don't know hardly anything about Star
Trek like I know it's different than
Star Wars I think I saw a trailer for
Discovery like I'm vaguely aware of who
Picard is like I've seen the gifts you
know make it so obscene that it looks
like it's from an old TV show which
looks different than the new show so III
don't know like what just about to tell
you about Star Trek oh yeah yeah we're
gonna talk about the new trailer for
Star Trek Picard engage it's a trailer
for Star Trek card what did you think
about it J I understand people are
excited now cuz the trailer looks good
it does what are they excited about I
don't know I guess just sing Picard and
seeing the old Star Trek uniforms and
hey there's seven of nine well okay so
we talked about Star Trek Picard when we
did a predictions video right well we
had did an alternate idea video
basically it was called Star Trek galaxy
it was kind of like what would we do
situation yeah there's there's there's
two things going on here Alex Kurtzman
and a changing Star Trek audience
alright let's let's address Alex
Kurtzman III have heard that like his
involvement has been lessened behind the
scenes but that doesn't matter because
by the time that happened they had
already been well underway and working
on this show and and and Kurtzman will
already have his horrible horrible
fingerprints all over this thing I know
I know they got rid of him and this is
like this like Star Trek discovery
season two right Alex Kurtzman just
started these horrible ideas and then I
have a strong suspicion that other
people at the end of it had to try and
fix it I think it's the opposite I think
other people started potentially good
ideas and then halfway through our
Kurtzman came in and ruined it all in
any case he is involved and he's going
to ruin it the other thing we're talking
about is like changing fans like Star
Trek to me used to have nothing to do
with like action or even being cinematic
it was just philosophical ideas science
fiction ideas
it was extremely nerdy well yeah I mean
there is a mixture of the Gene
Roddenberry's original vision was the
boringest thing ever
right it was the cage which of course in
Star Trek discovery they had to remind
audiences what the cage was then NBC
said that's too boring we want a Western
in space so then Gene Roddenberry had to
kind of change it up they had really
good stories and to me there were mostly
horror stories uh-huh I've said this
before where they beamed onto a planet
and some nightmare scenario occurs if
they have to get out of it wasn't always
super heady and philosophical no it was
a lot of the time but a lot of the times
it was all so here's a science stories
this you know Captain Kirk has been
split into two different people via
transporter accident they're searching
for this thing they're they're trying to
figure out this mystery this guy's gone
crazy there's a lot of that there was a
lot of action II stuff um that they were
limited by their budget of course they
wanted to do but it was just overall
good storytelling and then in the Picard
trailer I saw a kung fu kick and I was
out and look and what decent I'm a
quality looking trailer but then she
kicks someone a woman kick someone off
balcony I'm like no no the second they
said she's the key to everything
I was out yeah oh yeah
she has no idea what she truly is it
looks like Picard the character was
dropped into Star Trek Discovery more so
that the terrible writing part because
they started off with promising people a
thoughtful dramatic show and we joked
about that you said you don't believe
them I don't believe the right off the
bat um well it's like okay per car what
does he do in his retirement years he
lives on a vineyard we're gonna explore
his character isn't it and then
immediately they go for this big science
fiction stupid I am the chosen one by
destiny sort of it's more like Firefly
meets Logan Meets The Fifth Element yeah
like it's just like stock plot elements
which was really very sad to see because
it's it's the most lazy pathetic form of
writing and I can't believe people are
falling for it it might be good like
we're going on one trailer that's the
thing we're going to keep an open mind
until we watch I'm gonna watch the
premiere and that's it but I I know what
it's going to be but I know alex
kurtzman is involved and I am still
extremely extremely wary there's a 1%
chance it'll turn out to be something
that's unexpected because you watch the
trailer and you know that a bunch of
people who don't know anything about
Star Trek said what do we know about
Star Trek
Picard the Borg uh let's have a young
Picard can't kick people let's have a
young girl in there young woman who's
half Borg she's she's the chosen one
she's the key to all this she will be
our undoing so tired and and of course
it's ty the Borg in the cards it would
drag him out to space it's everything we
said what will happen because it's the
it's the baseline stupid kind of thing
you could do with the card they don't
know how to explore his character yeah
because his character was intentionally
very guarded he was not Captain Kirk he
was a very private man
and he did not like people I did not
like children he was a quiet
intellectual man once you take that
guard down what's in there Mike I don't
know I don't know they they explored his
character many times and nextgen and it
was always just little kernels of things
he was a fine character if you're going
to have an ensemble show and he's just
kind of the centerpiece that holds
everything together which is which is
what our suggestion for Star Trek
galaxies because you know you have a
classic character you have a data you
have a Spock you have a Worf yeah most
of those kinds of characters have that
dichotomy to them where Worf is is a
Klingon in a human world data is a
Android trying to understand people
Spock also we demonstrated our superior
weapons they should have fled you mean
they should have respected us of course
mr. Spock respect is a rational process
did it ever occur to you they might
react emotionally he's trying to have no
emotions but he has to be around humans
who are filled with emotions you know so
there's a dichotomy Picard was he was
very private man and he was very
diplomatic and he was very well read and
very closed off when came to his
emotions when he said goodbye to Riker
after serving with him for 20-plus years
they shook hands and they did a slight
nod that Riker left they did not hug
each other right Impa car went right
back to his thing he did not give two
fuck's that Riker just walked out of his
life forever that's why the real ending
of Star Trek The Next Generation was
just him coming to join their weekly
poker game for the first time that was
that was a huge moment for him so I'm
just gonna hang out with my friends I
think that's the inherent problem here
is people love b card modern-day
audiences meaning younger people people
under 30 know they know to make it so
they know the Picard shirt thing they
know all that stuff they know the Borg
but really Picard is is not the
centerpiece of a show where you want to
delve into the mo
slark of your main character I'm not
going to say you can't do that I'm not
I'm not gonna say there's not a writer
out there behind the card then you talk
to your writing you need top tier
writing and we have Alex Kurtzman yes
it's gonna be garbage Alex Kurtzman who
wants to do a 14-day Sark story about
and then he has no idea what he's doing
he's gonna say hey what if this is some
young girl who's really special and then
the other writers are gonna say well who
is she and he's gonna go just do it part
borg borg i had a thought cuz it's kind
of its kind of a dumb idea where she's
data's daughter
oh i'm small have seen is that got a fan
thing that's already happened she looks
nothing like law no but who gives a shit
just do it just do it i think okay
there's six or seven stupid my law was
rebuilt by the Borg yeah okay that's why
she looks different pic it's a second
deck of cards you smear out indicator
okay it's it's law let's put some board
parts in her and make her an assassin
because or before before Captain Janeway
blew up the Borg Queen because we have
seven and nine involved yeah org Queen
had a child incubating in an incubator
no my child of the daughter of the Borg
Queen do it that student thrown out
stupid ideas here what do you got they
tried to merge the board and queen with
wall to rescue the born quaint okay all
right I'll take it
that's fine audiences don't care as long
as there's explosions and giant space
battles I know the trailer doesn't look
like that necessarily but Alex Kurtzman
is writing this we get a little he's
involved with this so just grab some
components and put them together
whatever gets you to space mercenaries
and black leather flying around and
punching each other 8000 fighter ships
because that's the thing that should
totally existed Star Trek whatever gets
you to 8,000 fighter ships and a Borg
that's the size of the Sun right yeah
okay yes poor Cube is a hundred million
billion trillion times bigger than the
other board cubes because because alex
kurtzman has a big driver on a
Lamborghini right my four cubes bigger
than your board cube so then we also
have a guest appearance by seven of nine
which everybody freaked out cuz remember
her it's seven of nine she's gonna have
one episode cameo where she shows up and
kind of nudges Picard to go off on the
mission because the Borg are bad you
remember you were look you this
[Laughter]
resistance is futile remember there's
something you could do with them
interacting that could be interesting
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna poopoo ideas
for the sake of them I know they're not
good and eat their not gonna do anything
good because alex kurtzman
but i wouldn't mind seeing seven and
nine interact with Picard they got there
is a Borg connection that's fine
seven of nines this is other this is our
other card seven of nines daughter
uh-huh seven of nines daughter her child
last we saw seven of nine she was in a
relationship with Chakotay in the
alternate timeline of the final episode
of Star Trek Voyager Chakotay had died
but Captain Janeway went and fixed the
past yeah Chakotay probably eventually
died because they're maybe they're not
gonna get Bob Beltran back he's he's off
playing golf it just didn't work out
between it just didn't work out but they
had a baby together and because seven of
nine was a cyber for so long some of her
board components oh I know nanoprobes
made it their way yeah her eggs yeah her
female lady eggs and they so she has she
has a child that is it is the first of
its kind it's the first of its kind it
had nanoprobes in the egg and and that
made a superhuman Borg american-indian
hybrid Borg Queen's daughter Ward
Queen's daughter mixed with the DNA of
law oh seven of nines daughter make
part Borg hybrid it can't just be some
random girl this is again some source
storytime and her only point in the show
she can sense where the giant Borg cube
is that's it and Picard he was once a
Borg he was once the cutest so come
along with us on this secret black ops
mission by section 31 to take this
little girl or young lady as everyone
knows about section 31 she looked very
young I don't know how well the the
actresses or the character I just
happened so fast I don't know she's a
teenager it looked like she was it's
like the Logan premise except for she's
a little older right
take her out to space to find super Borg
cube before it gets to earth to bloat up
earth and and they'll have some stupid
stories where people kick each other and
punch each other and eventually the Borg
cube will make it to earth where fifty
thousand Starfleet ships and 150 billion
Starfleet fighters all shoot at the
board cube at the end Mike why are you
so cynical our prediction videos are
always so wrong
[Laughter]
I mean that kung fu kick was great well
that was a good talk about Star Trek
Picard jr. I thought so concern I don't
really know anything about it I did my
best I didn't know you were so
passionate oh I don't know anything
about it were you listening to me yes
engage
anyways let's talk about
other things that were revealed at the
San Diego comic-con that we weren't at
and will never go to know we were there
remember last year when we said we were
there and there were people in the
comments that didn't realize we were
joking that happened I even though
because we showed some b-roll from other
people's footage and there was
absolutely nothing to indicate that we
were really there there was still people
that thought we were there I I was
tempted to respond because I don't know
if this is the first year that Ghost
Adventures was there they had a they had
a room oh they had their they had their
cell phones stolen I saw oh really set
up the official Ghost Adventures
iPhone on a tripod to film their panel
Oh like to stream it or something yeah
it's film it just so they could post it
later and so are they filming it on an
iPhone I don't know I was that's what I
was asking it was like just doesn't the
their budget is that low but I mean
isn't like the the San Diego comic-con
like hardwired for like audio and video
and like I have heard that they don't
allow live-streaming which is
interesting I think it's because they
want people to be at the events or to
like tweet about the events like robbed
by a ninety play yeah exactly everyone
would stay I'll just watch it online I'm
not gonna go people go to stand in long
line it's true the guys they go to stand
in the back of hall eight or they can't
see what's happening and just applauded
when they hear other people applauding
my favorite pastime is waiting in line
for 16 hours to here take your model
that are working on a project not say
anything of note about the project just
that it is a thing that exists I love
standing in lines to be advertised to I
love being like like a farm animal
I've heard of into a room to be used as
a pawn in a hype machine yeah
[Applause]
that group excitement a cheering crowd
it's like people doing the wave yeah
it's a cheering crowd you lose your
sense of individuality you lose your
sense of objectivity of being able to
look at something go I may or may not
like this way there anytime at comic-con
or politics I'm talking about both they
emerged completely so when when that
kind of when you're in that atmosphere
yeah you're more likely to cheer and to
be excited about something than if you
were just if you're sitting it in
watching someone's political speech by
yourself it's probably you're probably
going to have a different reaction than
if you're in a room with people holding
signs and cheering sure then you're more
likely to get swept up in the hype of it
all and that's what exactly what the
comic-con does and it's very good at it
and it's very effective because then you
you get that sneak peak you get that
early access of this thing that's going
to be huge you go online you I just saw
the trailer for this and you didn't and
it's fucking amazing no one in that room
for any trailer I can guarantee it's
going to go yeah I'd be curious but
maybe someone in the Commons can answer
has there ever been anything at
comic-con that got booed but we're not
we're not shitting on anybody's
excitement over things you can get
excited all you want don't care yeah
we're just talking but that is a problem
the idea of people when you express an
opinion on something and people take it
personally because they have invested a
bit of their personality into this pop
culture thing that they enjoy that is a
problem if you don't like what you want
don't let it define you as a human and
that's part of the problem too with like
the hype machine and comic-con and
especially like Marvel and DC maybe more
so DC look at me I like ghost hunting
programs yeah and you don't care that
everybody calls you an idiot for it
right I enjoy that so we're not we're
not trying to squash anyone's dreams
isn't it weird that we have to have a
disclaimer
that like we're gonna discuss some
trailers and things that are coming out
disclaimer disclaimer disclaimer I think
I think we should replace the term
manchild or man children with just
children because grown-ups are now
children that's true who yell at each
other
yeah about their playroom their playroom
is there their comic book movies and TV
shows yeah
and it's fairly bizarre it is it's
creepy the United States is it's just
doors wide open for us to get conquered
by some other country because we have a
generation of people who are yelling
about Batwoman come on in tanks you will
not get a fight from anyone under 40 you
put out Marvel can put out all these
movies well that's that's people watch
go into Marvel because that's there in
now we got Avengers is done now they're
in like sink or swim mode because now I
feel like the they first of all I think
they should have waited and they can't
do it because the money machine has to
keep rolling but wait like three or four
years after that Avengers movie before
you make another fuckin Marvel movie oh
yeah because it's like we just saw
Avengers spider-man came out we didn't
see it but now immediately there's this
announcement of all this new stuff and
even before I saw people were posting
pictures before they were announcing the
titles when it was just like Marvel logo
and a date it was like a dozen of those
or whatever I told them I just saw that
image and I was like fuck it wasn't
excitement it was a new I can't wait to
see what they do next it was just we
just did this
yeah I can't wrap my head around being
that excited for something that just
wrapped up right yeah yeah it'd be like
if I mean the Hobbit movies kind of
sucks but it'd be like if those came out
like a month after Return of the King
right you know it's like oh we're doing
this again yeah it's it is hard to wrap
your head around and it's hard to get
excited about it and you know we're
speaking from non comic book diehard
comic book fans but I think but we are
generally fans of most of the movies
Marvel is made we've liked a lot of them
I keep hearing good things about
spider-man far from home and I just
don't care this isn't even it's not like
oh it's the sequel to spider-man it's
like oh we've already seen spider-man
four fucking times in the last two years
yeah you know at all these different
movies so it's not just a sequel to
spider-man so there's that problem and
it's like the first thing they announced
was that Black Widow movie which is like
first of all good for Scarlett Johansson
she's been hanging around with these
these weirdos for a decade and she's
always got the short short end of the
stick yeah gets her own movie but it's
like oh we just saw her die oh now she's
got her own movie like immediately right
right I mean if you like spy stuff maybe
it's because you know she's a Sasson or
yeah something David K harbors in it oh
is it
yes from that from the hit film Hellboy
right yeah he's most known from Hellboy
the the one I'm kind of interested in is
the Doctor Strange movie because from
what I understand it's just gonna be a
flat-out horror film which is how they
dipped into the Gothic and the horror
and and the horrific and we're gonna
make the first scary MCU film even the
title is an allusion to like cosmic
horror HP Lovecraft stuff yeah because
that's why I was interested in that new
mutants movie that just vanished from
existence because that was just like a
straight-up horror film sure and then
that got lost in the shuffle of Fox
gettin bought out by Disney or whatever
well there's something called shang-chi
I don't know what that is I think it's
supposed to have who was that character
in Iron Man 3 that everybody said oh the
Mandarin vendor I think yeah it's gonna
be I guess the real Mandarin because in
the movie he was a fraud which was an
interesting twist and everybody
for some reason I wouldn't mind I think
I don't know what Shan ji is but I think
I would be excited about like a martial
arts Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon with
superpowers kind of sure you gonna be
excited about that because it's so much
different than cosmic space alien lasers
and yeah the early Marvel movies were
you know it was like Iron Man and
Captain America and then they started to
go into the cosmic stuff and now it
feels like after the Avengers movies
like scale aback or go in a different
direction so I mean I guess that's kind
of what they're doing I mean I mean I'm
looking for silver linings because I
don't care about Loki the only thing
people were excited about I guess they
were excited about just products more
Marvel movies in general but the biggest
announcement I guess was they they came
up to Natalie Portman's house with a
truck full of cash and convinced her to
come back to the Marvel Universe because
she left she was done with this shit
do they have like a crane that just lifted
a pallet right into her front yard
yeah so she's playing female Thor but I
saw the news headline that says Thor 4
is coming out and Natalie Portman will
be playing for an onion article is a
joke like that one is gonna be four I
just don't know how it'll work
she's a very small statured lady rich
was telling us that she will have cancer
yeah that's the story in the comic is
that she has cancer but and then she you
know wields the the the hammer and then
she becomes strength again but she it's
not just going to be Natalie Portman
wearing like a Thor helmet I have no
idea
she's a short lady it'll be comical and
she's not like like a you know like a
female wrestler or bodybuilder she's not
so is it gonna be like Adam when he
holds the sword Oh
[Music]
Mike she doesn't have to be big to be a
superhero people of all shapes and sizes
can be superheroes look at all these
images of all these previous Marvel
superhero characters if it has a weird
premise like that like she's a cancer
patient and I think rich said when she
picks up the hammer all of her like
treatment for her cancer gets reversed
something like that yeah and and if it's
like Natalie Portman and and she really
just doesn't want to be Thor but she's
bestowed with this power and she has to
solve this this plot defeat this bad guy
yeah it's it's less of a I mean cuz Thor
was good when he was fish outta water
Thor was drunk but natalie portman like
having no interest in being thor but has
to save the world it would just mix it
up well the other speaking of horror the
big one is blade they announced blade
which reboots blade
yeah which would probably be pg-13 don't
care
rehearsal Olly yeah who oddly enough is
on the third season of True detective
with Stephen Dorff and Stephen Dorff was
the villain in the original play oh my
god six degrees of Marshall Holly it was
great in season three sure detective I
haven't watched it yet fine choice fun
casting choice we'll see I'm just a
little worried that's gonna be pg-13 you
got a vampire hunter you got people
getting you know stakes driven into
their heart and it's just like a kiddie
movie yeah you don't they need it for
Marvel they need you know you know when
Disney would release movies under
touchstone
oh yeah well I think they've talked
about your doing that to make r-rated
movies but the blade one is gonna be an
official MCU movie so it'll be pg-13 or
I think Kevin Feige did say he was
interested in doing more of like
Deadpool type movies but those would be
separates so I don't know if anything I
don't think anything's planned yet but
cuz Deadpool you got a problem yeah now
that that's owned by Disney you got
nobody hey was that like Deadpool and
they really haven't seen it and well
they tested the waters with the second
movie they did that rieta a pg-13 yeah
yeah yeah and I don't know I didn't see
that but I was curious about that but
yeah you need that sub-label mm-hmm the
Marple after dark
Marvel after dark that's that's great
what was that
period of time like the the Ghost Rider
movies and there was like something else
that had it their own separate yeah I
don't remember that was even called it
was only like two or three movies that
were r-rated I think wanted The Punisher
war zone movie and that was like a
separate entity but I don't remember
what it was called it didn't last long
well after a dark Marvel after dark
Marvel back page oh got AK page that's
just a company name now kind of a back
page of like magazines oh yeah yeah the
sleazy advertiser although all the sex
hotlines yes marvelous sex hotline well
that's a different label that's where we
start getting the Marvel porno parodies
though oh that's a way down the line
yeah yeah that's when they get really
desperate I like the back page I'll make
a logo here oh and then that little logo
you know they flip through the comic
books in the logo just becomes the
Marvel logo that's just like flipping
through sex ads that's all very
interesting I think we enjoy talking
about the business side of all this it's
more interesting than the actual movies
usually I could see the equivalent of
this kind of internet show and two
people talking more about could she
wheeled Mulia mirror oh yeah give us a
fuck like we just talked about like well
how
going to market this yeah and I think I
think that's what makes us so boring I
think that's why people get angry at us
oh we're not into the the lore I guess I
am more with Star Trek it depends on
what it is like I I'm invested in the
characters and the continuing story line
of like guardians of the galaxy
sure I like those movies I like those
characters and I like that they have
kind of more of an emotional resonance
than a lot of the other Marvel movies
that's all I care about
all these other movies I could I could I
could leave yeah unless there's
something that just pops you know yeah
every now and then that'll happen and I
think that's the good thing with Marvel
is like you'll have like the Thor
Ragnarok
is it some sort of prototype pleasent
all the stuff that's coming out of you
or lay eggs
looks like eggs because Thor - that was
like oh god that was owned that
everybody hates theirs there was some
time there was a couple of films and I
think Iron Man - people didn't like that
one yeah yeah that had the guy with
laser whips until he disappeared from
the movie for half of it for no reason
but and there's like oh there's some
sequel itís happening here yeah there
and then every once in a while yeah some
that'll pop out or you have something
like Black Panther which I know we were
both just sort of like I was okay but
obviously that worked well for a lot of
people that was a big one
the question is with all like the main
characters that people have spent so
much time with with them gone now are
people going to accept these new
characters are these movies gonna hit
the way the other ones it depends on if
they're if fatigued the the fabled
Marvel fatigue ever sets in if there is
a every bubble bursts the housing bubble
the tech bubble every bubble bursts
eventually that's I think that's why I
was so exhausted just hearing all these
announcements because it's like give it
a couple years let people miss it and
then you bring it back but we can't do
that anymore for that yeah so they're
going to hope that this bubble doesn't
burst eventually it will will it burst
before the New Avengers fight the new
Thanos eventually in their big showdown
will people get sick of it and move on
to something else
I mean I'm surprised its lasted this
long but again it built up to Thanos so
that was like it kept escalating where
it goes from here and those trends
change tastes change you know like 80s
hair metal bands came in Nirvana change
the music landscape to 90s alternative
everyone goes this way Marvel superhero
movies suddenly everyone may go this way
yeah and run after this thing and enjoy
this new type of movie it's like the
matrix you know that was a big it was a
big watershed moment oh
sure 
and that spawned and then you had a decade of
action movies with people were in trench
coats yep yep and so it's possible that
the Marvel fatigue will actually happen
to me it feels like it might yeah but
that goes into our our thoughts about
streaming services and yeah the endless
opportunity to show all this material
that's almost a discussion too big for
it to include in a comic-con discussion
but yeah like Marvel is putting a lot of
their eggs in the the Disney Plus basket
a streaming service that hasn't even
started yet but I can't imagine it will
fail it's Disney just is huge they got
so much content from
a hundred years worth of you know stuff
they've made it's probably a safe bet
but I they how much money do you think
they're dumping into all these shows and
it's like CBS all access like
Discovery's not doing great I would
imagine but they just keep dumping money
into it right the finances behind it
financials behind it or we can't
possibly can't wrap your header on it
it's like Netflix to Netflix is doing
the only TV show I want to mention
briefly is Dark Crystal TV show when you
look at every little detail on the Dark
Crystal those things are the apex of
somebody's art that's not a property
that's continued forever and they're
just we're doing another one that's like
a movie that came out in the 80s it
flopped even though it's fantastic
movie on a technical level and it's like
Netflix realizes hey there's probably an
audience for this let's make this show
and it looks great I think I could make
an analogy to these streaming services
okay because because before like you
know you'd have live in the era of
Christopher Reeves right you'd have
Superman on the big screen and then
you'd have your TV and there'd be a TV
movie which were always cruddy yes and
that's it that's all you have now the
spectrum has changed and I watched the
trailer for that woman and it looked
like like a TV commercial for like a
cell phone company or something it was
like oh that's a show
[Music]
and then I was like Oh
DC has an app the shows look cheap and
and then I discovered there were like
eight superhero shows on there never
heard of yeah so then in the patrol yeah
yeah yeah these these are things so I
was thinking the shows look cheap
probably because it's an app that has
hardcore DC fans only which is a small
group of people and then I thought wow
this is very this can be attributed to
music to a band that DC app is a is a
small mid-range local band okay that
tours around and can survive because in
each city a hundred people come to their
concert hmm and they have enough money
to move their gear around in their van
to the next city and then you have the
Rolling Stones and u2 and you know the
big big big venue bands that that are
like Marvel feature films like Disney
Plus well Disney Plus would be yeah like
like I guess technically untested waters
because the streaming service hasn't
started but Disney you can't can't
falter at this point but yeah you have a
hundred of these little apps and you're
like niche fans want their niche
programming yeah and it's a thing that
that can survive on its own
more or less like yeah like a small
touring band that is not a household
name yeah a show you've never heard of
can exist on an app or a streaming
service that you've never heard of yeah
and survive completely outside of the
bubble all on its own because it has its
little core of audience although you
look at like community that got that got
moved to Yahoo screen community all new
episodes streaming free Tuesdays only on
Yahoo screen that failed streaming
service that lasted like a year nobody
watched it it was a good season too but
it's like so you have that happen to
where now it's just
like everybody has a streaming service
it's interesting because I think
broadcast television like traditional
broadcast television is like the news
The Bachelor Dancing with the Stars
yeah operas and the news yeah and it's
not like edgy interesting shows it's not
like you know your orange is the new
blacks or your Russian dolls or shows
like that yeah yeah or not they're all
on streaming services and then when
something is good on regular network
television it will die because they
don't advertise it yeah like an AP bio
moves to a streaming service yeah
exactly
ap bio which looks visually like like a
mean-spirited indie movie right it's
like yeah it's not gonna last long on
NBC or whatever it's on it doesn't look
like a sitcom yeah and it doesn't have
the vibe of us that come either even
something like the office which was
successful and on for years like that's
still you know a shot like a documentary
or whatever but that still felt like a
sitcom for a lot of ways which that's
leaving away from Netflix
yeah and we're saying Netflix is gonna
tank when that show leaves that one show
that's why I always joke about how it's
the the office streaming network yeah
it'll be interesting these these next
two decades when entertainment sorts
itself out week that's the thing is like
this is the Wild West right now with all
these different rating services some
come and leave immediately some of you
know stuck her out like Netflix has been
like top tier for so long but now
they're saying that's on the verge of
collapsing it could now we got Disney
pluses coming Apple is having their own
streaming service that they're dumping a
ton of money into with like Steven
Spielberg is bringing back amazing
stories and there's like all these other
original programming that they're making
in and you're just like oh it's too much
it's too confusing especially for the
elderly like us yeah yeah they're just
gonna watch the news and The Bachelor I
think it's only watch anyway probably
yeah and also a fascinating thing to to
note is the
brain gets fuzzy and frustrated after
it's given more than 12 choices that's
how they always say with like if he's
like Netflix or something you know and
you spend too much time browsing around
and your brain just clouds over I've
discussed this before on our show I
think I mean that's why I've liked the
red box limited amounts of things in
there you go have and you know at least
half of them are garbage that limits
your selection even more but you go into
a grocery store or a regular store and
you're looking at more than 12 types of
toothpaste then you you get like you
guys glaze over if you have six you can
make a choice yeah nine you could make a
choice anything under over twelve that's
what that's what studies have shown the
human brain just starts to shut down
because it's like I don't want to think
about this and that's kind of where
entertainment is the audience will
decide yeah and you have an the NBC app
or the Disney Apple probably survive
because Disney will be just fine the
strength behind it but you have the
network apps the CBS NBC those kind of
apps will they survive won't they will
people pay 10 bucks a month to get the
NBC app there's a lot of great shows on
NBC will someone make the effort because
that's another thing too with TV you
turn on the TV and you flip the channels
NBC's there you have to go through a
process mmm to put the app on to sign up
for it to put your credit card in and
pay for it to log in and then your
password doesn't work and you have to
reset your password and whether you're
asking a consumer to do more work yeah
you just knocked down 90 percent you
have to make it easy for people yes
that's trend cable is easy well you have
to go download the app to your TV I go
if you gotta go to that
what's the App Store and I gotta create
a password for this too so will people
will the consumer do that to watch two
shows they like what network collapse
collapse success fails success fail
collapse yeah that's that's what it is
it'll all work itself out it's like
shaken up they
thing of water you shakedown eventually
it'll even itself out and you can't
predict anything no other than the
Disney Plus app will be successful did
you predict and that the Picard show
will suck it that's a pro card show
he'll suck those are the two death and
taxes in the Picard show engage
well all this all this comic-con stuff
is just like miserable it's just like
exhausting to talk about let's talk
about something that isn't quite so
miserable and doesn't make you feel
quite as bad oh yeah let's talk about re
esters new film midsummer that
light-hearted comedy I mean it is
light-hearted right cuz it's all takes
place during the date right it's
literally light I told you that I want
to go to that festival in Sweden no you
said it would be cool to go yeah and
then I got the opportunity and I decided
to do it you going I just wish he would
have told me that's all so we watched
midsummer
it's been out for a couple weeks now we
weren't gonna do a video on it cuz I
think we were both just sort of like on
it um which is an odd reaction to movie
with some pretty fucked-up stuff in it
but we are already saw hereditary and so
we were prepared for it and it was just
kind of more of what we were expecting
yeah but then after seeing it we kind of
kind of kept talking about it it keeps
coming up in discussion yes it's
definitely something that you will talk
about yeah in both a good and bad sense
because hereditary while I didn't care
for the ending oh yeah I loved the
ending i've actually that's a movie that
I've actually grown to like more over
time but the thing about that movie
we're just gonna say spoilers this
movies are out for a couple weeks
everybody's talked about it
so spoilers for the whole thing but what
I loved about hereditary is that it kept
like surprising you like every 20
minutes every half an hour it would just
veer in a new direction
[Applause]
so you didn't know where I was going and
that's for me that's important with a
horror film with this movie you always
kind of knew where it was going right
from the beginning right from the
premise it's like oh this is the guy who
made hereditary and is about people that
are going to it's a cult movie basically
okay got it
the weird thing is I saw I was made
aware of an interview with Ari ester
where he was explaining that the movie
is sort of it's allegorical it's literal
in the film but it's also like an
emotional level the movies allegorical
for an elongated breakup
it's an operatic breakup movie and and a
dark contemporary fairy tale a couple
that where the relationship is basically
over but they're still together and it
gets dragged out and the actual cult
aspect of it didn't interest him which
is like the movies about a cults and if
that's the part that you find least
interesting maybe don't make the movie
about that
he's very weird I can't pin down this
Ari Esther yeah and a lot of it too
comes down to the trailers I wish I
didn't see the trailer for a midsummer
yeah the trailer for hereditary was like
vague and creepy well that's the thing
is spoilers for hereditary I was not
expecting that fucking little girl's
head to get knocked off by a telephone
pole twenty minutes into the movie yeah
or the satanic cult yeah at the end
which you know like it or hate it
whatever I was just like yeah okay but
the I mean what's her face toni collette
powerhouse perform great performances
held that movie up
yeah like tremendously and and then this
it's a it's a different animal
altogether one because you didn't you
had a pretty ABC trailer yeah
I'm spelling out the plot we're going
we're going to this Swedish ritual and
we're apt apologists or whatever yeah
college students yeah we're gonna we're
obviously all from America and we're
going to this weird thing in Sweden that
we're not
familiar with and creepy croupe think
things are gonna have us will not end
well
yes and then that's exactly what we get
yeah what I said right after seeing it
is that it was a more sophisticated
Eli Roth movie so many of his movies
were someone you know goes to new
environments and bad things happen and
they're all kind of douchebag characters
a big problem like the movie looks great
I love the atmosphere of it I think the
most effective stuff in the movie is the
pre credit sequence because that's what
establishes that their relationship is
basically over you know she's talking to
her boyfriend on the phone and he's very
like distant and she's like are you
coming over tonight and he's like oh did
we have plans too well no but I thought
maybe and it's like okay they're there
there's a disconnect there oh yeah yeah
and then that leads into of course the
stuff with their sister and your parents
and all the most interesting Stacey yeah
the super emotional stuff and it's
really effective and then the rest of
the movie plays out basically like how
you would expects the choice of the
movie is that she the main girl
I don't know that actresses name I
thought she was very good until the last
half-hour of the movie when she just
makes a frowny face she makes that for
the entire rest of the movie and that's
another problem too is everybody's
drugged out of their minds so they're
very like passive and nobody has any
agency and so you can't really like
fault the boyfriend for cheating on the
girlfriend because like he's out of his
mind on drugs yeah I mean this choice he
made the choice to drink the mine she
the girl says it will it will make you
uninhibited yeah it was like he
basically does a fuck it and he drinks
it so first of all they've already seen
some pretty fucked-up stuff you're not
drinking that shit yes I problem is the
disconnected the characters they're I
would not take any mind-altering
substances yeah they're seen some of the
things they see but also the the idea
that yeah he's kind of an asshole
boyfriend but he's not like he's not
abusive he's just kind of like
aloof and dumb I you know I understand
what they're going for but I don't think
he quite deserves the Fate he gets in
this movie I understand the point of it
and that's the frustrating part is like
I get it I get everything you're doing
but I don't think the characters were
flushed out enough to make it really
impactful
I see yeah if he was the the the dickish
movie boyfriend shut up he knew it
suddenly you don't have to I think it
would be too on-the-nose that he got
burned alive in a bear carcass I think
it was more like see that's why this
movie's fascinating you yes you get
everything that's happening the subtext
is the relationship stuff and it's it's
less about the boyfriend and more about
the or so I saw the girl kind of
becoming powerful well not just powerful
but also having some emotional support
because that's what she's lacking
through the whole movie her sisters yes
her sisters distance their sister you
know kills herself and their parents
because shocking she has this aloof
boyfriend that doesn't really care about
her so then as the movie goes along she
finds the emotional support she's always
been lacking with this give me a cold
yeah there's that great scene where
she's like wailing and crying and all
the other women in the tried imitate
they start imitating her it's like okay
I have found what I've been lacking my
whole life in this group environment so
it's like I have to literally burn my
old life down what am I going through
those early scenes when she's she's
desperately trying to contact her sister
she's using Facebook and email and you
know modern things and calling her
parents leaving a message on the
answering machine nobody trying to reach
out to nobody listens to her she reaches
out in every way possible both
technologically and verbally she shows
up at that apartment where all the dudes
are hanging out and they don't really
like her that was a great scene the
subtlety of the awkwardness was really
well done so she's not literally
screaming at the top of her lungs but
she's doing it in the way she can the
while the boyfriend is not on the knows
bad boyfriend he is in a way because
he's spineless he's aloof not
emotionally supported I was very selfish
because at one point he his tells Chiddy
I'm I'm taking over I'm also doing a
prod now I'm taking over I'm also doing
my thesis I was called yeah just taking
that from you yeah I know you were doing
it first but I just feel like do I want
to do it too and he doesn't care about
other people other themselves it was
very realistic character not movie bad
boyfriend character just a realistic
like kind of like a blank slate a flat
line of a human being it kind of like
most people yeah fortunately doesn't
have the guts to tell her like you know
I don't want to be your boyfriend
anymore yeah after three years yeah it's
just crazy and so you don't really he
doesn't deserve to be burned alive in a
bear carcass but at the same time talent
Oracle he kind of does yeah and and you
kind of have this feeling of like man
when he when he dies at the end yeah
that's the thing is like and I guess
maybe this is what the movie was going
for I wasn't I wasn't emotionally
invested and I wasn't shocked I was just
sort of ambivalent as it went along
whereas like okay I get it yeah you know
towards the end but then you have like
all the a couple of sub characters like
the the kid from where the millers oh
yeah it was the original choice for
penny wise in the new it movies
Oh icon it was cary fukunaga was doing
it yeah he um you know he's just like
dude bro got a guy who wants to party
and sweet and he doesn't really know
where he's going or what he's going to
close this to an Eli Roth character just
not more realistically yeah and he
accidentally pisses on the ancestral
tree and all these characters they get
killed off but it's all off camera yeah
absolutely off camera and so it's like
are you commenting on like American
culture coming into some kind of sacred
ceremony but it's a fictional ceremony
I'm sure yeah I know I read something
about re Esther did a lot of research
and there's a lot of elements of the
ceremonies that are based on real things
right obviously you know twisted and
mash up yeah of lots of different
cultures ritualistic ceremonies right
but so is it is it commentary on that
that's sort of snuck in there a little
too but then it's also about a
relationship on top of that it's there's
a lot going on and it's really fun to
talk about yeah and it's a good not a
feel bad cuz it's a good movie to me
it's just after hereditary it feels like
it feels mildly disappointing
all right then you have that other
element of the handful of characters
from the US they've come there and
they're doing the research the kid is
dude Rose pissing on things and there's
a we're not respecting this this this
ancient ceremony yeah yeah the one that
goes into the sacred book and he's like
taking photos of it and I you those
sacred texts the sacred Jedi tax yes the
sacred texts written by someone who's
inbred yes always have to be inbred well
that's another aspect that felt
underdeveloped cuz that's like the the
famous image at the end of the trailers
the gift the fucked-up face like the
first time they show him in the movie
it's just like an extreme closeup and
it's so disconnected from everything
else I was like is he there what is
happening it was it was odd yeah I I
have expected the girl that dollar store
Chris Pratt was having sex with was his
somehow his sister yeah because they
bring up the incest of they they're like
it has to be and then they the the old
lady
the matriarch character was like we've
selected you to mate with her yeah and
and then they have that reverse clothes
off yeah he's having sex with her and
they reverse clothes up and they their
eyes look very similar and I was like
somehow he had a long-lost sister and
it's a little corny that coincidental
all those things or it could be that the
the the one kid that's from this group
that went off to college like sought him
out he saw him I don't know maybe that
was all cut out but it was it made sense
other than just he's just having a baby
a random baby the the the nuts and bolts
of how the ceremony works why they do
certain things uh it kind of falls into
that trap we talked about this with us
how it's like there's what the movie is
sort of allegorically about and then the
literal story and it's there's almost
too much literal stuff where you do
start to question the logic of it right
even though it's not really what the
movies about and the literal stuff in
this is more realistic yeah the the the
literal stuff in us went so off its off
the shark sorry yeah it's like now okay
the literal part of my brain shutting
off share I'm gonna
enjoy the metaphorical stuff the below
ground the above ground the society
allegories and all that I'll enjoy that
I'm shutting on my literal brain off
sheriff this you couldn't do both yeah
and also to me a lot of it is that all
the side characters kind of fall flats
sure you know the not Pennywise like
he's kind of OneNote comic relief
character the main girl is is
interesting in terms of what she's going
through but as an actual character kind
of man right again like sort of like
hereditary where you just want that main
character should do something at the end
yeah and the kid hereditary just sort of
like zombie walked into that satanic
ceremony and became part of it it's it's
like it's a very dour kind of bad
feeling ending
Ari Aster, he's a sick fuck.
And he likes those kind of, you wanted...
But the problem
is especially and it's you know you want
to look at a movie on its own but it's
hard to watch this and not think of
hereditary where it's it's doing a lot
of the same things like yeah where the
characters are very passive by the end
we're just going to say that it's
passive horror yeah there's there's
severe head trauma in both movies
there's obviously cults aspect to it
there's dummies or figures made out of
actual corpses that's it so it's like
it's kind of the same elements just kind
of put in a different scenario there's
things he likes my initial thought after
seeing it was it was like kind of like
the horror version of Wes Anderson
there's like a new watch OS Anderson
movie you know exactly what you're gonna
get they're not bad movies by any means
they're good and even in this the big
barn that everybody sleeps in like
basically the whole movie is painted out
in all the little drawings that are on
the wall so not so much I'm talking
about the visual style but more so the
the repeated elements or it's like okay
you gotta your your next movie after
this you got to really shake things up
he's got to go right to fast and furious
9 that's true yeah used to be ha - he
needs to be recruited for a big dumb
blockbuster now that's how and that's
that's one of the positives I'll say
about this is like
this got a pretty wide release and it's
an original movie you know technically I
mean it reminds you of like wicker man
and a bunch of other stuff but it's not
a part of some big property but I got a
pretty wide release and I we walked into
the theater we walked right past right
next to it was spider-man it's like
that's pretty good that's something like
this is still you know theaters have not
become the Disney exhibits not
completely there's still a little hope
for for a bizarre little kind of
slow-moving movie like this theme park
yeah theaters yeah so the eventualities
but at least this is a horror movie that
isn't like another Annabelle yeah you
know so we didn't see that either
Annabelle comes home know who gives a
[ __ ] oh go home yeah no yeah done with
done with that yes done with that I I I
can safely say I'm grateful that Ari
Astor is making films because that's the
thing is like yeah you know he's making
very nobody else is making movies like
him right now so at least you still have
that's that directors voice an original
voice even if it's not perfect that the
midsummer
you have that original voice who has who
has his own thing that's why I'm excited
that there's a new Quentin Tarantino
movie coming out I feel like he's the
last of movies that get released on a
wide level that a lot of people go and
see that actually do well financially
that feel like somebody's vision and
somebody's voice I joked that it was
called bad trip to Sweden or bear with
me I don't there's still plenty plenty
titles you can make
I was most excited for you to come
good performance by the lead actress
until she turns into a frowny face for
the last half hour that's their entire
performance which that combined with the
giant flower costume is it's like I said
borderline comical and then having the
boyfriend in a bear costume is like I
mentioned the Wicker Man but like The
Wicker Man remake he's in a bear costume
in that the last thing you want to be
reminded of in a serious allegorical
horror film is the Wicker Man remake
with Nicolas Cage there's Sarah no bees
no not the bees not the bees
