Mar 11, 2019
Captain Marvel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pQNYeOEFJc
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1105269382001950720
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156268158102634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-captain-marvel

Half in the bag.
I can't stop farting.
jeez
nope mr. plink it gets his furnace fixed
soon we have another 36 weeks of winter
left what it says here they're thinking
about holding the 2020 Democratic
National Convention here in Milwaukee
really yeah it's between Milwaukee and
two other cities
uh what are the other cities Houston in
Miami but Miami says that Milwaukee
isn't classy enough what Milwaukee's
classy is as fuck what are they talking
about yeah Milwaukee is the most bars
per capita approximately one bar for
everyone people shit everyone could
get so fucking loaded yeah and out of
the 20 most drunken cities in America
Wisconsin claims ten of them that's
nearly a third Jay we're talking about
Milwaukee not Wisconsin which one's the
city in which one's the state is it
Wisconsin Milwaukee no is Milwaukee in
Minnesota or Michigan is there a
Michigan Wisconsin who cares all people
really know is that Chicago is down
there in Iowa right but what says classy
more than art and no I'm not talking
about the Calatrava Art Museum I'm
talking about a statue honoring a
Milwaukee legend the bronze funds a
fictional TV character from 40 years ago
we also have a statue of a cancerous
tumor and no I'm not talking about
Dustin Diamond hey remember when he
drunkenly stabbed a guy in a bar fight
that was me how embarrassing Milwaukee
also boasts the least deadly pedal
tavern accidents and
something to be proud of and don't
forget you every Friday a bunch of
Fatso's all get together in a large room
and eat unlimited amounts of fried fish
and french fries it's called a fish fry
[Music]
and Mike what says class and
sophistication more than calling a
drinking fountain a bubbler
that's right Jay and Milwaukee's going
green too in fact just last year we
installed our very first solar panel
it's being used to light the open sign
to the walk her in drag her out pub
that's a real place we've also finally
removed all the lead and Cryptosporidium
from our drinking water thankfully the
water still contains 5.6 percent alcohol
and after nine months of a cold
miserable sunless winter Milwaukee sure
knows how to party in the summertime we
have some of the best festivals around
that's right Mike Summerfest is the
world's largest music festival it lasts
for 11 days has 6,000 bands and over 200
million people attend in the evening
though it turns into a literal nightmare
world of drunken riots and if Summerfest
isn't enough drunk people noise and
Street vomiting for you literally every
day there is some kind of fucking
festival going on festivals like locust
street festival Bastille days Festa
italiana mexicana Fiesta Polish fest
irish fests Brady Street festival and
cream puffs and cheese curd fest
[Music]
like motorcycles while Milwaukee is the
home of harley-davidson and every August
is the Milwaukee rally were over 600,000
motorcycles from all over the country
come to Milwaukee to ride around and
clog traffic and cause horrible
accidents one of the bikers struck a
squad car Milwaukee Police say the
bikers were driving fast and dangerously
all across town and Rev all their
engines who doesn't love the sound of
six hundred thousand motorcycles
constantly but Mike let's talk about
food we all know that Milwaukee is
famous for cheese and sausage but we
also have some of the finest chain
restaurants in all the worlds that's
right Jake and let me show you an
example of a plate from the chef de
cuisine of one of Milwaukee's finest
restaurants this is pasta rings with red
sauce served with meat done three ways
simply exquisite and in terms of
Commerce Milwaukee imports more
sweatpants than anyone in the world even
Cleveland Milwaukee is proud to keep all
those Indonesian children employed
that's right Jay
but sadly one statistic I'm not proud of
is that Milwaukee is some of the most
disgusting and noisiest movie theaters
in the whole world well that's
unfortunate I just bought tickets to
Captain Marvel Oh Oh in fact I think it
starts in like 15 minutes
Oh oh shit we better go bye fuck you
Miami
fuck you
despite being the blandest movie ever
Captain Marvel is a lot of things to a
lot of people it's the movie Rotten
Tomatoes doesn't want anyone to have an
opinion on the movie dumb bearded white
guys are protesting they're so scared of
people actually calling this movie out
for what it is which is feminist
propaganda now I haven't seen it the
movie other dumb bearded white guys are
white knighting the movie brie Larson
doesn't want us to see I do not need a
40-year old white dude I don't hate
white dudes am i saying that I hate
white dudes no the movie that inspired a
ton of cheap clickbait articles from
terrible online journalists who have no
idea how rotten tomatos works the movie
easily manipulated twitter obsessed
weirdos have given a ton of free
publicity to by convincing themselves
this corporate product is a feminist
cause the movie that had charity started
for it in order for underprivileged
little girls to be able to see which
benefits absolutely nobody but Disney
buy these fucking poor kids some food
instead you fuckers it's Captain Marvel
if the movie is a hit it's because
Society has become enlightened enough to
celebrate a female lead action movie
finally if the movie is a flop it's
because of toxic online trolls finally
no other explanations exists eat the
multi-billion dollar corporate slop and
pretend it's social justice you weirdos
thanks for making the world an
embarrassing nightmare everyone what did
you think of Captain miscast
that jake has to have been made by
somebody already right it's too obvious
I thought the movie was adequate and
then I watched a clip of brie Larson
speaking and now I hate the movie
there's a clip of her it's like have you
ever heard of the Wired auto-complete
interviews or they take Google and they
take the celebrity's name and be like is
brie Larson and then you know it gives
you the autofill options so she did one
of those and she comes across like just
the most dismissive nasty snarky person
is that like a personal attack or
something is brie Larson left-handed why
do you need to know I'm actually
right-handed kind of ambidextrous and I
I can't believe you even have to google
that duh I mean why and it comes across
in her performance a little and I don't
know why like sometimes she's bratty
sometimes she's a Tony Stark kind of
smart aleck II you know wiseacres its
cracking jokes congratulations agent
fury you have finally asked a relevant
question Oh sometimes she's a confused
alien mm sometimes she's stoic I mean
they're they're I got a lot of the
guardians of the galaxy vibe
not because of the soundtrack but a
little bit in her character too like
well that's what they were going for
yeah
that's that's the weird thing about this
movie it's all the the usual kind of
Marvel hallmarks are in place but it
never really gets off the ground at
least in my opinion a lot of it because
of her performance whereas I don't know
what her character is really she can't
remember her pasts but early on the bad
guys
tap her brain so we see her pasts so
then we have to spend half the movie
with her trying to remember her past but
we already know so there's no mystery or
tension yeah which is a problem I think
we should talk about the elephant in the
room and and that's like the controversy
quote/unquote surrounding this movie and
brie Larson's comments at some kind of
women in film event and she got a big
old case of foot-in-mouth syndrome
well her comments essentially were first
thing I saw was a black woman was
interviewing her and she says how
important is women in film what does it
mean to be a woman in film
it means it's really hard I remember
reading when when Captain Marvel was
about to come out or even in production
early stages of it brie Larson cast as
Captain Marvel right and it was it was a
finally moment you know the Marvel
franchise of 37 movies my female lead
yeah but she's white and so there was
there is that kind of like they deflated
everybody and there is there is a school
of thinking within feminism that if you
are a white woman you can't be a true
feminist because you are not doubly
oppressed all I know is that she's white
lady and she and they're not quite there
well hold you think about that interview
clip is it's yeah it's a black woman
interviewing her and then brie Larson's
like it's hard for women in the industry
especially black women and if you're a
woman of color then it's really really
hard like flip that microphone around
let the black woman talk about that like
is that a race splaining could we call
it that perhaps then so then you have
this like kind of awkward moment you
know where it's like we didn't get a
hundred percent of what we wanted and I
feel a little like then brie Larson had
the spotlight on her therefore she
starts to do a little virtue signaling
uh and then she turns on the white guy's
beat to show that she is down with the
struggle only 2.5 percent of those top
critics were women of color this blonde
white woman from Southern California
sure and then then it turns into like
this rant about film critics that 67% of
the top critics reviewing the 100
highest-grossing movies in 2017 were
white males film critics being mostly
white men right and then there's there's
she broke down the statistics right and
then she's like I don't care what a 40
year old white guy has
to say about right dude white dude had
to make it sound more condescending yes
I don't care what a 40 year old white
dude has to say about a wrinkle in time
because that movie wasn't made for him I
do not need a 40 year old white dude to
tell me what didn't work for him about a
wrinkle in time it wasn't made for him I
want to know what that film meant to
women of color too biracial women to
teen women of color to teens
I'm sure there's lots of white male
critics that have watched movies that
quote weren't made for them and said
that there were great films well I think
there's there's a the kernel of what she
was probably trying to say is a positive
thing but I think the way she expressed
it was like the worst possible way sure
I watched the documentary you're
certainly called horde and waar it's
only streaming on shutter we're not
sponsored by shutter but it's a horror
streaming service it's a documentary
about the history of african-american
representation in horror kind of framed
from like naive Living Dead to get out
and so it's all interviewing you know
black filmmakers black actors and
there's one part it's a really good
documentary but there's one part in
particular where they're talking about
the movie Candyman which is one of my
favorite horror movies of the 90s and
they bring up things about Candyman that
I never would have thought of because
they come from you know a different life
experience different background
different history I was like that's
great
like I just they've made me look at this
movie in a way that I wouldn't have
otherwise some more voices is a good
thing that's all she had to say but by
like making it this weird condescending
snarky like I don't need to listen to
white dude it just comes across so
bizarre different movies speak to
different people of different races ages
genders but she's she's making it out at
least from what I saw that there needs
to be more diversity in film criticism
which is such a small like it's the
least important thing in the whole wide
world you know what I mean and we're
saying that as people that review movies
but it's very very true in terms of in
terms of social justice yes it is the
least important thing film criticism
yeah and and that's the other thing to
point out too is that what we're
talking about movies like a wrinkle in
time like I know that was based on a
book but it's like Captain Marvel the
Star Wars movies like these are big
generic entertainment we know we're not
talking about moonlight like tangerine
which is a movie from a few years ago
that I really loved that was about
african-american trans prostitutes and
it's a fantastic movement and what are
what are their review scores Jay a movie
about a black transgendered prostitute
doesn't speak to a 40 year old white man
but I could betcha
dollars to doughnuts a whole bunch of 40
year old white men gave that movie a
good review her logic was comparing the
demographics of film critics to the
demographics of the population this is a
huge disconnect from the US population
breakdown of 30 percent white men 30%
white women 20 percent men of color and
20 percent women of color final note on
this diversity good white dudes bad well
that's that's the thing is like she did
those comments and it blew up and then
you have the like like the angry
internet nerds that like have dwelled on
it since like I heard those comments I
was like wow she sounds like a dingbat
and then I moved on but then you have
these like there are people that do like
YouTube videos every day complaining
about brie Larson like she's just
another Hollywood actor so it's like you
know it's just like everybody's just
lost their mind
it does feel that way yeah because
you're you're taking a struggle a
legitimate struggle in in many arenas
and many jobs and professions and you're
kind of like pushing it into other areas
where well you're pushing into something
that she knows a good review can change
your life it changed mine
and that's like the she was one of the
people that was pushing for the the kind
of crowd funding to pay for
underprivileged little girls to go see
Captain Marvel this is the least
important movie that's ever been made in
the history of cinema
this is empowering if you have
superhuman abilities and can fly into
space
Captain Marvel only has power because
she stood too close to an engine that
exploded in the face
not because of feminism yeah and so it's
it's essentially a very bad message
other people besides white dudes like
Star Wars and would love the opportunity
to do a set visit did you enjoy playing
such a strong heroic female character
and if so why please welcome Kelly Marie
Tran also known as Rose chica so I'm
doing the rest of the cost today as well
and of course there's going to be some
Star Wars fan boys that know everything
about these films like one of the most
pleasurable things to sit there
yesterday at Skywalker Ranch and see you
come on screen in your character thank
you so much general Hux what's his
relationship going into the last Jedi
with kylo Ren is it really hard to kind
of like be in this movie and not say
anything I mean you're walking a really
thin line here first of all congrats
you're in a Star Wars movie this is
insane stories I can you tell me a
little bit about the movie about your
character in the movie I can tell you a
lot about my character you say I only
know one truth it's time for the Jedi to
end and I'm also saying I don't hate
white dudes I'm just saying we need to
be conscious of our bias and do our part
to make sure that everyone is in the
right
there's there's a there's a very easy
way to say more diverse voice when it
comes to criticism film criticism art
criticism is a great thing because then
you get more perspectives and more point
of view say I just said it
underrepresented people women go out and
become film critics cuz we need we need
those voices too I'm brie Larson that's
my statement and then she walks
backwards out of the room
[Laughter]
[Music]
would you like to know what you really
are
should we just get into spoilers ok
spoilers now that we've ranted about
brie Larson there's a plot revelation
that is literally right out of space cop
where the evil aliens turn out to be
good aliens actually and like that guy I
liked him I like this a little bit more
he's trying to get back to his family
oh this is kind of sweet no bad guy
switcheroo yeah it was fine yeah I think
it was kind of a spoiler essentially
because the Kree are villains already
their films and guardians of the galaxy
we see the I don't know the actor's name
but the guy that in the first guardians
of the galaxy note we'll Ronan's in it
too but even before he shows up we see
in free Larson's kind of her team
there's the the one guy that was at the
very beginning of guardians of the
galaxy star-lord who legendary outlaw
when star-lords like I'm starting oh
yeah that guy's Batman drew Houseman
it's like oh so these are bad guys the
Amistad guy was he now was that I think
that was his first room oh well I I
didn't like her performance cuz I didn't
know what she was doing I don't know how
much of that is her and how much is the
direction cuz that's the other thing
that kind of fell flat for me like I
said it had all the typical Marvel
hallmarks the occasional like kind of
light-hearted humorous moments and none
of those landed for me at all like
everything just felt off yeah it's like
like like autopilot like the movie was
made on autopilot and no pun intended
yeah
in the clouds I mean I know that that's
kind of a complaint about a lot of the
earlier Marvel movies they're all just
kind of bland but what they usually get
right at the very least is that the main
character there's usually like Ant Man
like that is the most forgettable movie
ever but you know Paul Rudd's great is
that man he's better in the later movies
but still it does a good job of
establishing that character I mean the
big overall theme of the movie is you
know obviously her breaking free from
her control by Jude Law yeah and and
really unleashing the full potential of
her Captain Marvel powers and she's
being used her memory suppressed being
used by the Kree as part of a like elite
squad to take I guess eliminate the
scroll yes the Kree and the scroll yeah
again I'm confused I kept mine you say
the crawl which which is confusing both
of those names together but normally I
would kind of like be okay with a
nonlinear storytelling method of jumping
around and oh you got to find ways to
get her on the fact that you're making
another origin movie exactly and the
origin movie you know goes from A to B
yeah and and this one I kind of would
have preferred if it started off like
you know come on Carole you can't you
can try to the go-carts with the boys
Carole you're just a little girl her
father or you know and then Carroll or I
draw and crashes it I told you not to
ride the go-carts with the boys and then
her struggles in the Air Force and get
to know the character so you care about
them yeah yeah yeah all that you know
like hey she's in the Air Force they're
in the bar they're singing karaoke and
then they have they that's all done in
like yeah the one guy was like he's like
hey lady you can't fly with the big boys
yeah Iceman character and you know it's
like the struggle and then the the
struggle of the harder it is the more
satisfying it is when it pays off one
sure
you have a little scene where you know
she's flying against Iceman and you know
he you can't make Mach 1 you're just a
girl and then she's flying the plane and
he's he's I'm a man you can't do better
than me and she cuts him off and the guy
he crashes into a manure truck why not
sure Carol did it she bit him in the
races just like she did in the link yeah
we're gonna do we brought it brought in
the special scientist lady
her name's Annette Bening and she's
working on a secret project and since
you won that race you tracted the
attention of the higher-ups in the air
force and you're gonna be the first
female ever to to fly this top-secret
test mission I want to bring along my
friend black lady come on cuz she's a
damn good pilot too okay bring along
your friend black lady so that she knows
how to fly the spaceship at the end of
the film and then you know the accident
happens and then maybe like while she's
going on her adventures with Jude Law we
know she's doing some bad stuff and she
doesn't know it I don't know
and then she's redeemed at the end yeah
but you can't you can't build up a
movies worth of characterization in a
little like snippet at the end yeah yeah
that's what was weird is like there's
that montage ever standing up and that's
really all we get tell me about this
dream
anything you know it's closing you down
makes you going well that's the other
thing too I was thinking of because it
starts in space and she's got her space
crew and they go on missions and stuff
and she's just acting like a modern
earth woman you know and like there was
like a disconnect there for me where
it's like if and then she comes to earth
and is like well if you're gonna be the
fish-out-of-water stuff she should be
because she's raised by aliens or her
memories been wiped and all she knows is
this alien life ever be different and
then she regains her humanity or
something you know but I enjoyed it
everything everything all the pieces are
there but everything's just off you
needed to have that scene yeah where she
acts I'm trying to think of a movie
that's that's almost similar to that
where a human is is raised completely
outside of Earth and they come back yeah
but you need that scene where her and
her friend come on let's go let's go
back to that bar and do karaoke and then
they put on like girls just want to have
fun or something Cyndi Lauper and she's
still acting alien like girl she's like
yelling into the thing no no no no no
and then like maybe like the music kind
of like brings her back a little yeah
she gets into it something a thaws her
out and to be more human again
yes you're exactly right yeah she's
basically the same through the holes
just sassy - Jude Law in the beginning
and then then they go to earth and not
much change there no not a lot of care
that's the most surprising things that's
usually even the weaker Marvel movies
that's what they usually get right did
you have a rough day agent fury
[Music]
yeah and it's also weird
that this because this takes place in
the 90s and so aside from I guess we can
talk about the 90s references or
whatever but more than that the fact
that they've now kind of retro actively
because it Marvel movies have been going
on for over ten years now they've retro
actually made her like the most
important person in the entire Marvel
Universe the Avengers is named after her
she's technically now the first event
she's technically now the first avenger
they got to retitle that are very titled
Captain America movie this is what we
learned from the film how the tesseract
got to earth which ties in with the
first Avengers movie which is important
not really inside the tesseract is one
of the Infinity stones yes so it's not
important it's a MacGuffin
it's a MacGuffin that fuels the plots of
several films right so it's said how
Nick Fury realized that space aliens are
real and that we need an avenging team
Avengers how Nick Fury got his eyepatch
Nick Fury using a piece of scotch tape
to pull a fingerprint off from when the
guy his his a badge then using that on
the doorknob the control panel thing
yeah was the most clever thing I've seen
and then Captain Marvel says I just blow
the doors open with my laser hands yeah
and she could have done that the whole
time so her not doing that to help him
out earlier just kind of makes her look
inconsiderate she also steals a
motorcycle early on but but J well the
guy was being the guy was being a douche
he was being douchey it was okay so it's
okay to steal his vehicle but then
they're hanging out in the bar and she
shoots her laser fists at the jukebox so
she destroys private profits or his
property not paying for it yeah I think
they're trying to make it like cute and
funny but it's just not if it were else
yeah it all falls flat but remember the
90s they don't go too overboard with it
early on there was like there's
blockbuster and then there's RadioShack
and though there's some songs that was
like oh no I think I may ease up I think
the tipping point was
no doubt just a girl that was cringing
that that made my skin crawl
yeah I made my eyes roll back in my head
I mean in the guardians of the galaxy
movies they these all sorts of pop songs
but sort of motivated by something you
have a Peter quill with his you know his
cassette play is yes man he has an
emotional connection to those songs
because they remind him of his mom and
here just no doubt starts playing for no
reason I mean I guess you can do that
other movies these pop songs but in in
that instance if it was a action scene
on earth maybe be fine but in that
situation it just seemed bizarre it was
it was diabetic music it was just it was
a weird choice well it's just a girl you
know it's I'm just a girl oh I get it
yeah oh I get a message I don't know if
there was a message with Nirvana
come-as-you-are maybe that's how she
learns to be who she really is
come as you are is that like a personal
attack or something I actually I
actually like shifted in my seat because
I could feel Kurt Cobain rolling in his
grave underneath me Kurt Cobain was
incinerated j-o and his ashes scattered
to the wind
after Courtney Love
and doesn't have a strong female
character just as an empty shell that
can do anything by the end of the movie
my same problem with Superman
he's not interesting because he can do
anything and he's completely
impenetrable well they they made her I
mean she'll be less interesting in the
next film I guess but they made her
powers sort of subdued a little well
yeah you have to or you don't have a
movie but then at the end she goes full
force yeah but that was the end so I'm
okay with that I really don't care that
I mean like this was the connective
tissue between Avengers infinity war and
avengers endgame like just to tell you
who this super powerful ultra being is
that's going to come and help the
Avengers stop Thanos I guess right yeah
I would prefer if the Avengers didn't
have Captain Marvel and they just had to
do it themselves their little ragtag
group of mismatched characters and and
that we spent years developing that's
the other weird thing like I said the
idea that she's now like the center of
the entire cinematic universe just by
retconning so then the idea that yeah
she's gonna come into endgame it feels
like that should be kind of a closure to
this kind of chapter of the Marvel
movies all these characters are fenced
along with I think after this like
Robert Downey jr. is out I think Captain
America's out some have a send-off and
then yeah and then take a break from all
these fucking movies but the idea of
like yeah and now we got a shoehorn in
Captain Marvel I'm not sure if this is a
proper comparison but I was thinking
about you mentioned infinity war was
similar to Empire Strikes Back okay so
in between Empire Strikes Back and
Return the Jedi we have solo a Star Wars
story that's what this kind of felt like
yeah well yeah it's not like you've
learned anything super important in this
movie that you need to know for endgame
this is the backstory of the guy who's
going to blow up the shield generator on
Endor not the best comparison cuz you
know I see what we're going you see what
I'm going when I do you see what I'm
going away I thought where it's like
okay okie and game is the perfect name
for there
the next film and take a break well but
they share all we have spider-man far
from home coming out I am though that's
going to be I assume that's going to be
a pre infinity war storyline
I don't know spider-man turn to dust
just like Kurt Cobain okay got him so
yeah it's got to be pre infinity or it's
post and the entire existence of the
movie is a spoiler yes this this takes
place after endgame
oh well there's the beat Thanos and
change history
now spider-man's in Rome it'll end with
the other 50% of life in the universe
dissolving and then everybody's is dead
and then it's just then we just like
watch like ultra time-lapse of the
universe like just stars burning out
cold death as they call it right just
all the lights going out in the universe
like and then the screen just goes black
like the end of lars von trier's
melancholia and then it just stays black
screen for like an hour and everyone's
like when's the post-credits scene gonna
happen through this way for the
post-credits scene yeah
[Music]
I'm not going to fight your war
I'm gonna end it well Jay how do we wrap
this up well Mike what would you
recommend Captain Marvel you liked it a
little more than me I guess you seem to
be okay with the actual movie itself
like I said it was okay I had some fun
moments and some good set pieces and a
little clunky in the narrative way in
developing her character which is a big
problem because it's the centerpiece of
the film but it's certainly the only
thing that's gonna make the movie stand
out between infinity or an end game yeah
I kind of fumbles that in my opinion I
think like this movie is heavily reliant
on a crutch because it is a Marvel movie
one it's got that stamp and its
connective between two big Marvel movies
and it has all the history for a while
like when these characters were running
around I kept thinking of that Jupiter
ascending movie for some reason I think
it was like the elf ears or the dog nose
or something I have more in common with
a dog than I have with you you're the
first person to think of that movie in
three years I know but it was a lot of
the you know the spaceships and you know
and I was like okay what if it took
Jupiter ascending and then just like
through Nick Fury in there and a
tesseract and you know and then then
just said hey this is not a movie the
this a you know a Channing Tatum with
the dog knows his is a superhero that
you never heard of - just trust us and
then everyone would be like this was
great 89% around tomatoes score you're
not a man I kind of had that feeling
like this if if completely removed from
the Marvel Universe yeah as a 100%
standalone film no other comic-book
movies were in existence and they said
here's our science fiction film about a
lady who stood too close to an engine
that exploded in her face and and then
turned into a space spaces laser and and
then a cat ate a cube and had tentacles
come out of its mouth
what the fuck is this yeah it's terrible
well that's why Marvel was smart to ease
into the cosmic stuff they didn't really
go full into it and sold guardians of
the galaxy that had the benefit of
having a really great writer behind it
that could flush it out and make it
interesting and and knew how to handle
the humor a little better yes the
tongue-in-cheek fish-out-of-water or fun
of that kind of fun stuff that audiences
can relate to yeah I guess I would
recommend Captain Marvel looking at it
as a standalone film no but as a piece
of the MCU puzzle
yeah it's watchable I'm just saying what
I think sure that's what I do I'll say
what I think so J direct then Captain
Marvel
I'm gonna say no I think it was the
first Marvel movie I haven't recommended
it was just it was just a whole lot of
nothing I was kind of bored just because
you know I mean it moved it a
decent-enough pace but I just wasn't
engaged by anything did you find Sam
Jackson to be more of a protagonist I
thought he was great in the movie I
guess we didn't mention him but Nick
Fury just sort of pops in and out but
him as like when he first shows up he's
just like an agent man yeah I'm the very
very early stages of forming some kind
of something and what's going on and
then by the end of the movie he's
changed man he truly has a character arc
yeah more so than the protagonist when
she learns that all she gotta do is pull
that thing off actually become laser
lady I destroy the cosmos
I'm laser lady
so yeah I'm sure captain marvel it's
it's a it's not a resounding like
recommendation but it's a yeah yeah well
because I'm at least when you watch
endgame you'll know who the fuck is
showing up because that's what I'm
really looking forward to that final
Avengers movie
[Music]
well Jay winter is almost over that
means it's time for summer what are you
gonna do with those six days
