Jan 22, 2019
Glass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTklK82aaTE
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1087764045346865152
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156165861517634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-glass

Half in the bag.
Jay is it us that has to
clean up all this glass it was
mr. Plunkett that did the stupid bird
box challenge
the what the bird box challenge you know
where people wear blindfolds and try to
do everyday things uh oh I remember that
old fad that is so first week of January
2019 but you know Mike if we don't clean
this up it's just gonna sit here and
eventually we're gonna cut ourselves I
mean mr. plink it's not gonna do it it's
just so weird for me to be doing work
hey maybe we could take a break from
this and go see a movie that's a great
idea J what movie would you like to
watch you know for some reason I'm
really in the mood to see a dogs way
home I'm really excited to see Bryan
Cranston play a cripple in the upside
how about replicas how about Bohemian
Rhapsody and won all those Awards even
though I directed it anyway how about a
scape room how about vice I'm the basis
of sex
it's Beale Street could talk there's
always bumblebee it got pretty good
reviews for a Transformers film but what
about second act
welcome to Marwin Mary Poppins
spider-man into the spider verse mortal
engines but mule wait a minute the
answer has been in front of us this
whole time why don't we see greenbook
dad I've got that act on but oh my god I
thought you were gonna say glass after
all that build-up and it wouldn't be a
bait-and-switch double reverse trip the
bank
and lush has changed over the years
M night Shyamalan's new film glass
proved to be a split decision with
critics and moviegoers
however it's doubtful it can top the Six
Senses unbreakable box office record if
you've seen the film you don't need a
description if you've seen the trailer
you get the premise if you haven't seen
the film or the trailer then why are you
watching a review for a movie you know
nothing about peace out bye Mike what
did you think of M night Shyamalan 's
unbreakable 2 : split - you split your
unbreakable : and - with a piece of
glass J I love this film until I didn't
really I think I might be um I didn't
love any of it but I think I might be on
the opposite as far as which part I
actually liked well this movie has bad
critical critical ratings but good
audience ratings according to the Rotten
Tomatoes calm and I was watching this
film and I was loving it about 75% now
so what's the problem here but then you
know I thought the ending was a little
over bloated and kind of like dissipated
a lot of the goodwill that came from the
first three quarters of the movie so
it's a it's a complicated answer see I'm
kind of on the opposite end where you
see the trailer for this movie and for
most of it you're getting exactly what
you would expect for the trail from the
trailer which was kind of surprising to
me because it's like even for better or
worse M night Shyamalan movies are very
distinct and usually sort of weird and
there's some something like like he
always has like bizarre dialogue that
sounds unnatural and that's not even
really a criticism it's just sort of his
style and this felt so normal it felt
like exactly what you would expect from
like if someone else that isn't him were
to make kind of a traditional sequel
combining split and unbreakable it's
like this has all those things that you
would expect from it you got Sam Jackson
kind of pulling the strings and you know
manipulating things because he wants to
get things like they are in a comic book
storyline so it felt very very normal
and as like when
gonna get not normal and then it gets
not normal and it becomes interesting
but still kind of a failure so that
that's kind of like most of the movie I
just kept it felt like he had the kind
of conclusion in mind and was like oh
how do I get to that I guess I guess
I'll just have a bunch of wheel spinning
until we get to the third acts yeah I'm
definitely in the opposite camp because
everything in the hospital the wheel
spinning as you call it I found to be
the best part of the movie the best
stuff in the movie because I enjoyed
split a lot of course James McAvoy is
excellent at doing all these different
voices and impressions and actions
character types I mean magnificent
brilliance so much so that they give him
multiple scenes in this movie that kind
of just exists for him to do it sure
there's there's a lot of repetition in
the first hour or so this movie he's
he's in a film with a man basically
pretending to be in a coma and another
man in a coma so Bruce Willis is is a
wooden block with with a head on it I
mean it kind of works for this movie you
have to grade Bruce Willis his
performances on a curve these days or
it's like oh he clearly doesn't care -
oh he probably liked the filmmaker so
he's trying a tiny bit he cared a little
this comes this goes on that under but
but the end of split when it had the
true M night Shyamalan twist that that
the beast and that whole film existed in
the universe of unbreakable was like wow
yeah and then when I saw the trailer for
this I was like oh neat all three
characters are together and then the
trailer sort of you know you have Sarah
Paulson by the way you've got your Sarah
Paulson fix yeah she does not get hit by
a bus film it's much farther than I
thought yes much more involved in the
film I thought she's going to be the
therapist in the beginning in the first
15 minutes that kind of helps them and
then they break out yeah and then the
rest of the film is like like running
around and then and she's gone yeah but
she's integral to the storyline um but
so you see the trailer and you know mr.
glass is going to become the the
mastermind
beast will be his henchman and they will
fight Bruce Willis and so going into the
movie I was like I get it that's what's
going to happen and I think the first
75% of the movie in the hospital where
it it brought up a lot of interesting
ideas and and and concepts about like
are these guys really superheroes or not
is it just a mental condition and I
thought all that stuff was fascinating I
did like that there's the big scene it's
like the first scene in the trailer
where it's all three of them lined up in
that oddly pink room yeah and then she
starts making them question I wish they
played that up more of Bruce Willis cuz
there's like one tiny moment after that
where he's like maybe we're not
superheroes yeah but it wasn't that
didn't feel like I was flushed out
enough at that part but uh yeah that
entire concept I thought was interesting
mmm and it was all very well well done I
love to look at the movie yeah well
there are so many and I don't know if
this is an M night thing but there are
so many different ways that he shot
stuff there's a scene like there with
several characters appear and it's all
shot from a window upstairs there's
traditional like back and forth shooting
then occasionally there will be some
kind of like dolly shot it so looks like
stylized like like 15 different
directors yeah with different visions or
making this and I always like catches
you off-guard like the way yes it did
feel like a hodgepodge is that actually
all kind of load together I mean it
which is surprising yeah I mean
interesting visually like it in and that
opening to when Bruce Willis is chasing
like the teenagers or young guys that
trying to make a viral video they punch
a guy on the street and and then it's
just kind of what goes into slow motion
and there's a music and it was really
like stylistically very nice and a
really great looking movie but but then
you come to that that midway point and I
didn't hate it I just felt it became too
bloated and full of itself that's when
we enter night Shyamalan territory
and spoiler territory
well you said it's about the midway
point it's more like the last 15 20
minutes right which is I was hoping it
would get because I kept waiting I was
like what's what's there wasn't anything
terribly intriguing to me for the first
hour or something
aside from Sarah Paulsen trying to put
into their heads that maybe they're not
really superheroes which is a very small
part of it there's a lot of stuff with
them just kind of in hospital rooms and
it felt kind of tedious and repetitive
to me but we get to the revelation that
Sarah Paulson is in charge of an
organization that is meant to suppress
knowledge of people with superhuman
abilities secret society a secret
society and is like oh that's
interesting and then it gets very dark
all of her characters die but then we
take this weird turn where all the
peripheral characters from all the other
movies are now kind of the central force
the driving force of the story for the
last five minutes of the movie we got
Bruce Willis his son which was neat to
see him back by the way yeah I wasn't
expecting that they didn't show him any
of the trailers or anything but it's the
same actors like oh cool and it but it's
mr. glasses elderly mother and then the
girl from split I was like this is
bizarre the actress playing his mother
is younger than Sam I'm not kidding was
it the same actress from the first movie
because she plays the mother in the
flashbacks and unbreakable but yeah in
in sort of comical old-age makeup so
then you have the three of them team up
to take down this organization that has
meant to suppress people with superhuman
abilities but this all happens in the
last like two minutes of the movie and I
was like am I supposed to be happy that
they took down this threat that I didn't
even know existed until five minutes ago
yeah or this threat that was was
probably useful like yeah it was odd it
was it was an odd wait like once when
Sam Jackson's talking about this they
throughout the movie they're referring
to this like new skyscraper that's being
built in Philadelphia right and his he's
like I'm gonna blow up the skyscraper
with their chemicals and you guys are
gonna fight on the rooftop like just
like a typical comic book smells like
snow yeah I'm like I can't picture that
in this movie they're not making it to
that building and then that sort of ends
up like
they clumsily like them fighting in the
parking lot
yeah of the psychiatric hospital I was
like okay this is good because the whole
movie were questioning their superhero
Ness right and they're not going to make
it - for the world to see and everything
that's basically happening could kind of
be explained like banging into the car
even when the Beast flips over a cop car
because like there's always those
stories like like a mother of trying to
save her child will suddenly have
superhuman strength yeah so it's all
like relatively possible to where so
long ago yeah so I was like okay cool
they're all just gonna like this is just
gonna end here in the parking lot and
it's still gonna be a question of
whether or not superheroes are real
yeah and I'm okay with in some ambiguity
in the end of a movie especially like
this and then like this the secret
society he that hides superheroes and
then like he does an email blast to
everyone showing like security camera
footage like with this like and I'm sure
everyone was in real life would go fake
yeah you know and it's like superheroes
are real and then it's like the other
they're waiting in a train station at
the end or three peripheral characters
that was so bizarre and we're gonna tell
the world
superheroes are real and it's like
you're not taking down the matrix you
know like we've been building towards
yeah three films to take down them and
that's the thing is like this has all
been introduced in the span of like ten
minutes
and then oh good they resolve that
threat that I didn't know they had until
a few minutes ago it was weird
what do you want I am here to see if
tales of the extraordinary being are
true
may I meet the beast the individual
character stuff was was neat mainly for
Bruce Willis and glass mr. glass yeah
Sam Jackson and that's the thing is like
you think he's building up this whole
thing where he's getting Bruce Willis to
fight the beast cuz that's sort of how
the first movie ends the unbreakable
movie that's like I've discovered my
purpose on you know the evil villain -
your superhero and to find out that he
has a larger plan that is actually a
little more humane or a little more
about something larger than just this
specific character in this situation it
was a nice twist that the glass
character yeah the Bruce Willis angle of
him being fearful of water was that in
that was an unbreakable yeah yeah we did
introduce like the drowning part yeah
and with the raincode being a wonderful
costume yeah to protect himself from
from water I didn't I don't remember
that but that's great that's a great
little backstory
Sam Jackson on the tilt-a-whirl like
that was just a really great scene huh
not great for him the movies context is
a great powerful scene and then the
backstory of the beast and then tying it
all with the Train and then it becomes
like oh he was also on the train and Sam
Jackson become like like twists and then
another twists another revelation he's
such a mastermind I don't know if he was
just bullshitting or if he like he's
like I created you like like your father
dying like he caused a series of events
yeah unknowingly but it's like yeah that
whole aspect of it also kind of like
like I was saying how this this feels
like a very kind of traditional sequel
to unbreakable in a lot of ways and that
that stuff especially reminded me of
that because it's like oh this is
basically the exact same thing he was
plotting and unbreakable I was waiting
for some new interesting to it like the
idea that there is this organization
that's trying to suppress knowledge of
people with superhuman abilities is
interesting that to me that should have
been the movie but then you don't have
the twists so instead you have lots of
scenes in hospitals and then the twist
in the last you know yeah corner of the
movie so it's like most of the movie
there is no and it didn't feel he was
building towards anything so didn't feel
like there was any sort of threat until
their finally was and then it's resolved
right away well I mean it was building
to the fact that mr. glass and the
beasts were going to break out sir but I
didn't know would you hear about that
well I mean they're your villains and
they were going to get out and do you
know super villainy things and I think
that that was his like way of pulling a
twist on you yes I was the front is that
you think it's gonna be completely
they're gonna get out and the Beast is
gonna wreck the grand opening of this
high-rise kill a bunch of people and
glass is gonna so when you realize
that's not what it is said to me it's
kind of like the ends didn't quite
justify the means
not a bad movie by any means I was
like miserable watching nice to see some
of these characters again I really
enjoyed the the three characters in the
hospital stuff like I thought that was
the best all the best stuff well I kept
waiting to with all the the peripheral
characters I mean they ultimately did
serve a purpose but like they introduced
the girl from split never seen the
trailer and it's like why does she need
to be in this thing who really cares and
then Bruce Willis's saw and like they
have a lot to do in the first half of
the movie and then they kind of
disappear for a while and then they show
up again and they're just kind of on the
sidelines of all the final action and
then they have something to do but I was
I was just waiting for it to be like
revealed that the the Anya Taylor joy
the witch girl I kept waiting for the
revelation that she has superpowers I
was like they're gonna do it but they
didn't do it so that would be in a
Marvel film instead she she uploaded
videos to the Internet she had I like
the little I guess Stockholm Syndrome
ask connection with her and what was his
real name Kevin Kevin yeah that was a
nice like those little character stuff
like the people that connect to the
superhero Sam Jackson's mom so the witch
girl and Bruce Willis's son they're all
need that superhero character in their
life for some reason they're connected
to them and then the superheroes trying
to decide whether or not they really are
superheroes or they're crazy all that
stuff was good and it was well-written
and it was well shot and I loved it and
then the kind of yeah like I gotta have
that twist I gotta have this muddled
ending and they and the ending itself
was muddled not just in the plot but but
in the spatial relationships of what's
happening because at some point like
SWAT teams show up like the police are
there and then they're kind of not for a
while and they're not for a while and
she like you don't get those you don't
really get a big picture of what's
happening it's like where's Bruce Willis
I don't know she's she's talking to
James McAvoy and then a sniper shoots
him like what yeah well and then they
reveal the arm of the sniper he's got
that little tattoo I was like what is
that gonna be is that gonna this gonna
but really I went down yeah never I miss
I don't know that's a setup for some
other movie or what because they don't
really reveal who that is but they make
a point multiple times of showing that
test it's a little over yeah cool you
wanted to say Cloverfield I did yeah
it's part of the Cloverfield you know I
didn't know and then yeah I guess that
shot implied that Sarah Paulson gave the
order to kill Sheriff because in a few
scenes later one of the guys is holding
Bruce Willis's head in a puddle of water
that's the guy with the tattoo yeah yeah
and so they're all actually part of the
surahs other people where are the cops
yeah like the real cops
what are they like okay with this man
drowning this other man yeah in broad
daylight right there was I think the
idea is that they're all Sarah Paulsen's
people but they make a point of all the
inmates of the the asylum they say go to
the other end of the building we don't
look out the windows she's trying to
erase all the evidence yeah but if you
have to orchestrate all this every time
you have a situation where you have to
suppress the knowledge of superheroes
it's a little and it's not like men in
black or you can just point a thing and
make everybody around you forget
so yeah cuz how often does this happen
and those SWAT guys got there real fast
yes yes so do they sit in a warehouse in
in Swat gear just waiting yeah for the
one in a quadrillion chance that three
superheroes will fight with each other
in a parking lot yeah well that'll be
what the next movies about just waiting
yeah I mean I say anyone said you know
this movie 90% of it is just people
sitting in hospital rooms the next one I
got to make more boring yeah because
really like I mean I think that's where
my confusion comes in because they she
calls emergency services and so I need
police and you know and it's not code
speak that's not Cova field cloverfield
society we have we have a I guess she
says we have a code three at one point
but that's not clear we have a we have a
super super situation
and three one eight six nine two X J
situation like super code yeah where you
know there's something fishy about that
super cold I don't know yeah she just
kind of talks into a phone it wasn't any
sort of like I need police and emergency
services here but maybe that's how
they're so secretive they're really you
know they have their meetings in
restaurants yeah
they own the whole restaurant even the
waitstaff is in this society apparently
because they heard it all but they still
allow random customers to come in and
they just act like they're chattering
until those customers leave oh yeah they
closed the door it's very weird why not
just have a meeting and in a warehouse
somewhere because they're so secretive
Master I was satisfied with it up until
the very end when I was this thing and
so some ending like I said that was just
simpler now would have Buddhist
satisfied me and definitely the email
blasts informing the world well it was
played so emotional too but the music
was building or like yeah they got him I
didn't know they were a threat until
just now but they got him it was bizarre
and then you cut to the end credits and
it had that weird music that was so
repetitive it's just dead that that dead
that that like over and over from ten
minutes the Society of suppressing
superheroes isn't the threat to regular
people I mean I guess I guess well all
they're doing is revealing to the world
that these people exists and they don't
need to hide anymore but they didn't
know they needed to hide mr. glass
didn't know and rage monster certainly
didn't know who's just doing this thing
the only one was Bruce Willis that's why
it's so weird that you would introduce
this this organization out of nowhere
that's an okay idea it's it's the only
interesting idea in the movie for me
because all the lead-up mean I guess you
could say it's all character-driven but
all the stuff with them in the hospital
I was just waiting is like when is
something gonna happen I mean it's
basically the premise of x-men yeah I
was thinking about that too was thinking
about x-men as like this is a more
boring exponent but the idea is
interesting of doing like a super
stripped down version of that where
everything's really grounded and real
but I rated that was unbreakable
I think that's why I split work because
it was just a simple movie yeah well and
then I think we even talked about this
and we talked about split but the the
Bruce Willis reveal at the ending it's
like oh that kind of recontextualizes
the movie and that's neat that's all we
need we don't need this glass of movie
we got it it's okay but I liked it I
like I like the idea of the three of
them in a hospital yeah together and and
a breakout at the end and a fight in a
parking lot and then some kind of
conclusion yeah that's it
yeah it just got a little clunky at the
end a little over over over stuff yeah
that's all they didn't introduce
something from another I'm night
Shyamalan movie thankfully Mark Wahlberg
shows up the planets trying to kill us
you guys uncovered this organization but
now we got to worry about the plans oh
no what no so Mike would you recommend
class probably so despite the the bad
twist ending the overall film itself I
think the three lead performances I
thought were great you know especially
James McAvoy doing his thing and Bruce
Willis dealing with his past trauma am i
a superhero I'm not good stuff and also
dealing with his desire to take a nap
and that's why they put that hood on him
so he can cover his eyes so in wide
shots he can just be sleeping on strings
yeah yeah mild recommendation I mean if
you liked unbreakable and split you get
more good character stuff with all those
characters like I said it was nice to
see Sam Jackson back in this part if you
liked unbreakable and split you gotta
finish it you like gun bullets but you
gotta finish it it's the last film and
you saw the first two so why not see the
third if you like unbreak bullet split
well then you gotta finish it
bomp bomp that's that that's the TV
commercial do you think we can get them
to use this in the marketing for the
film we're gonna make our own ad okay
what how did my course go if you like
gum break bullet split will then you
gotta finish it it's the last film and
you saw the first two so why not see the
third if you like break bullet split
well then you gotta finish it it's the
last film and you saw the first two so
why not see the third if you like
unbreakable split well then you gotta
finish it all bomb good for you
rated pg-13
