Sep 23, 2019
The Fanatic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=feH2sxYGE-w
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1176134593478635522
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156710983352634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-fanatic

Half in the bag.
"I can't talk too long."
"I gotta poo."
I'm on movie diaper calm I'm
trying to see what new films have been
released Jay to see what we should go
watch this afternoon
how about the new Rambo movie hmm
no I hear that movie makes you racist oh
well at least in a couple of weeks we
have the Joker movie to look forward to
no I hear that movie makes you sexist
now well maybe we should just watch the
fanatic with John Travolta sure but I
hear that movie makes you mentally
challenged too late well Jay before we
go watch this film let's see the Rotten
Tomatoes squirrel oh my god is it
difficult to find famous people's houses
I used my star map that you have to be
careful I don't want you to be accused
of stalking hey you can't just come to
my private residence looking for me well
today we we skipped the new Brad Pitt
film at Astra and Asner add as an art so
is it a Brad Pitt as it hasn't it's a
biopic okay Ed Asner as a younger man he
did it as an ER did go to the Mars
though and his dreams once so this is
based on a dad Astros based on Ed as in
his dream of going to Mars oh okay I got
to scream once so we skipped ad astra to
watch a film
an obscure film for some reason called
the fanatic yes yes watch out and this
is a film that's produced by red box yes
because every every outlet has to like
produce their own original content now
even red box even the bottom of the
barrel a little red machine that you
look at when you're leaving the grocery
store yeah but interestingly enough it's
not out in red box yet
no think that would be the first place
that should go well I I guess John
Travolta had a stipulation similar to
his movie Gotti that came out that was
produced by movie pass which recently
died which I was shocked to find out it
was still around but it that was
produced by movie past but he was like
it's got to be in theaters I think it's
that like old-school movie star ego
thing where he wanted that movie and
this movie to be in theaters for a
little bit before being dumped so it
came out in theaters the fanatic did the
fanatic came on theatres opening day it
made $3,000 I had played on fifty-two
screens which was an average of about
$60 per theater Wow space cops made
money that's true it literally is true
oh well that's interesting I did not
know it had a theatrical run I figured a
two screens one in New York and one in
LA and then just so we could get some
awards so it could be considered for an
Academy Award absolutely um John
Travolta you know he has a specific
pattern of release he's a movie star
I don't know that excuses the other 15
movies he's done in the last two years
John Travolta is the Nic Cage of actors
but yeah we are not we were this is not
a paid endorsement of this film even
that'll become more clear as time goes
on so soon fine but we just really
wanted to talk about this because it's
fascinating when you see those like that
I think there's a different Travolta
movie in the red box called trading
paint yes and that you see you see these
like kind of I don't wanna say washed-up
these celebrities that have been around
a while appearing in in lower budgeted
movies that are made to look like
big-budget movies in a red box that
often maids overseas often made overseas
or Spain or France and then yeah John
Travolta Nicolas Cage does a lot of home
or some other ones
showing up in these things john cusack
yeah you know so it's like they're not a
listers anymore but they work yeah this
one particularly tickled our fancy based
on the the portrayal the character moose
by by John Travolta we don't want to use
the r-word regal because his performance
was was stunning there's there's he
plays a mentally challenged person and
there there seems to be is there's
something about the ego of these actors
like as so many of them have tried to do
that where it just comes across
embarrassing speaking of that this is
the perfect time to show some Rosie
O'Donnell well as Robert Downey jr. told
us in blackface never go full region
travel toe wearing it the worst toupee
ever clearly a toupee but it's meant to
look like a bad regal haircut it's kind
of a moment and it's shaved on the sides
it's amazing and he's wearing a Hawaiian
shirt every scene you know though like I
found his performance mesmerizing well
that's what it was really good
legitimately good yeah
I just have a strawberry milkshake with
real ice cream please yeah we don't we
don't have milkshakes but I can make you
a cocktail or pour you a soda no thanks
just want a shake this is the most
shocking thing I've ever heard III mean
okay we're gonna talk we've set up our
film we should mention that's directed
by Fred Durst the former singer of Limp
Bizkit yeah and that's the thing is like
see I'm kind of on the opposite end
where I do I think John Travolta is
embarrassing in this movie the rest of
the movie like it's it's people are
saying it's the worst thing ever it's
not that bad it looks pretty good like
visually no it's not a good movie but
it's like whatever it's it's very
surface level as far as what it's trying
to say about like fans and their
relationship with celebrities and all
that it's it's so service level but it's
like an acceptable enough movie but then
you drop John Travolta's performance in
it and that's what elevates the entire
thing elevates it to what comically bad
a comical Cola yeah see I found John
Travolta and even devon Sawa I thought
he was great in that he was very good in
the movie um and I thought the
performances stood out as being good in
a movie that was you know well shot well
lit well executed in a way but had lots
of like logic flaws yeah oh yeah the
script is has bizarre choices it's not a
movie that you watched and just laughed
the whole time because how bad it is now
it's a fascinating movie it it it draws
you in and it has it and it has this
like power over you that you have to
keep watching it sure I thought John
Travolta nailed it and not you know but
what is it it was hysterical and not in
oh I'm laughing at him embarrassing
himself or way and this is I think where
we're gonna disagree yes so I really
enjoyed his performance as a person who
is I don't know barely on the spectrum
and falling off the edge perhaps
whatever that means you know what I mean
like well what is it Asperger's or
whatever he's supposed to have in those
there is something clearly wrong with
him and to the point where he can barely
function in society yeah and he should
be institutionalized I think the
disconnect comes from maybe maybe if
this character was in like a real movie
it'd be different but as it stands on
this movie like it's like almost
whatever he decided to do as an actor
like Fred Durst was just like okay and
it felt almost to me it felt like like
the whole movie was made as like a prank
on John Travolta to embarrass him
there's that part when he breaks into
Devon Sawa's house and he's just
wandering around and the camera just
holds on him and for some reason there's
like antlers there what so it goes on
and on there are moments where you can
tell Travolta was allowed to improv and
and as we've probably discussed before
most actors are crazy and they love
themselves and when you let them just
loose it leads to disaster there's one
part where he's like John Travolta is
improv and it's a pleasure to meet you
mr. Dunbar I have every one of your VHS
and DVDs
that's like everybody says that say sums
what I think it goes like say something
Stas duh and then they cut the camera
and you know he was gonna say say
something stupid
yeah systems
what I'm like you know that that was
coming out and he stopped himself from
saying it but they left it in the movie
it was weird
see I didn't notice that particular one
but there's another part where his
paparazzi friend who looks like a
teenager and who also narrates the film
for no reason
there was a post-production choice but
it you don't need it she's narrating the
film one she's not a lead in the movie
there's no reason for that particular
character to be narrating it but also
all she's saying is exactly what we're
seeing because the movies not very deep
it's like oh we get it fans can become
obsessed and develop a parasocial
relationship that's her little voice
over things were so like hitting you
over the head yeah.
"This place will suck the life right out of you.
"Some people pick themselves up after getting the the shit knocked out of them."
"Others break down like an old station wagon."
But there's a part when she comes over to
his house and she says something about
like you're acting like a maniac maniac
there's a great movie not the crappy
remake that was overrated but then as
he's walking away he continues that he's
like the remake is the good one it's
like you just contradicted yourself
maniac that's a great movie not the
crappy remake that was overrated it's a
new one I don't change the subject and
it's just in the movie no second takes
he's not a god he's full of doodoo he
doesn't respect Hollywood I respect
Hollywood
moose who rides a moped around Hollywood
and he humps his moped when I was riding
it well he never stops doing this whole
movie he does the rocking thing because
that's what crazy people do that's a is
that offensive though is that is that a
crazy thing or is that a he's autistic
thing or he's mentally challenged thing
not sure in this movie it's all one
thing this Forrest Gump meets taxi
driver sure what his choices are are
just based on things that have happened
in other movies
yeah the Rain Man tick he's always
grabbing his ear that's like a thing the
the rocking back and forth is pretty
typical of I'm going to portray a person
who's I don't know has something wrong
with them you've you you snap mentally
from stress or you have a mental
breakdown you do you rock right that's
always in movies yeah show a mental
institution everybody knows that what
it's from what it's attributed to I
don't know but that's what he does so he
has a friend a girl who looks like she
could play a high schooler yes who is uh
paparazzi she's friends with moose for
some reason how are you guys fine
celebrity houses how do you find them I
think I think the the the general
premise is that the people that work in
the underbelly of the Hollywood scene
whether it's the tourism part or the
celebrity part all kind of are
interconnected and know each other
whether it's the guy in the shop who
sells merchandise or you know props and
signed posters or whatever others that
guy yeah there's the street performer
guy who runs a con with his friend or
they pickpocket moose John Travolta
dresses up as an English Bobby it this
goes into my theory that the movie was
made to ridicule John Travolta the
English Bobby stuff was just bizarre
well I'm assuming it's based more on the
fact because Hollywood Boulevard you
have all the people with spider-man
costumes and Captain America and Captain
Jack Sparrow you don't have an English
Bobby and it's like well we don't have
the rights to any of this stuff he's an
English Bobby and that particular
decision is they filmed I think it might
even be done guerilla style because most
of the movie was not shot in Hollywood
but those particular sequences are on
Hollywood Boulevard and he's doing this
embarrassing English accent he's
practicing in the mirror which is I've
had that stuck in my head since I saw
the movie like a week ago or he keeps
going poppycock
"Poppycock."
"Poppycock." 
there's no there's
no it's it's pathetic there's no fun to
it yeah like if he was like a spider-man
say right it would have some kind of
like levity to it it would be
interesting I know there was a lot of
levity to him it's the English Bobby but
but I mean in a way where it's like
everyone kept walking past him and he in
it's pathetic because he chose such an
undesirable character you're in
Hollywood and you're playing like an
English police officer yeah with a
nightstick and the goofy hat don't do
bridges walk over the Beatles are here
and that's like no one wants a picture
with that that they want a picture with
the Marilyn Monroe character or you know
someone dressed up is like or they're
mesmerized by the magician guy I guess
yes or you know Charlie Chaplin or icons
of Hollywood he that has something any
so it's like he's like he doesn't get it
and then he's trying to do the accent
Jackson's bad internally
oh sure that that's definitely
intentionally bad but it's still yeah
it's weird and it's and it's like the
the thing to me is like with his awful
haircut and his in his weird mannerisms
and his outfits and his socks pulled up
and it he seems like a real crazy person
who could really exist and would be who
would do that in real life and to me
knowing that that kind of person is out
there know on the streets and not in a
mental institution is really sad but
it's but see that's the thing is I think
this will be forgettable because to me
it's not laughably bad it's not Rosie
O'Donnell bad no well and that's the
thing too that I wanted to bring up is
every year if there's like that one or
two movies that comes out that the
internet kind of like collectively tries
to make like the new best worst movie
yeah like you remember nine lives
the talking cat movie with Kevin Spacey
that came out a few years ago no one
remembers that movie but at the time it
came out oh man this is the new terrible
movie and people have been trying to do
that with this movie and I think it's
it's not that bad I think John Travolta
is what makes it fascinating but it's
also not a very good movie so I think
it's I think it's a unique movie in
certain respects John Travolta's
performance and some of the weird
choices yeah narrative choices that
we'll get into I guess remember there
was a movie that that also I think I
think it's the trailer to where you
watch it and you go what the fuck I
remember after Mel Gibson said horrible
anti-semitic things and beat up a police
officer or something shortly after that
he came out in a movie directed by Jodie
Foster oh the beaver yeah he puppeteered
a beaver right an average
so beaver he talks to a beaver and then
the movies like the sappy drama and
nobody saw how it's gone forever hey so
this is probably in that category but
this movie's worth a watch as a good
like study of of how things can go right
and wrong because to me there was many
things right in it and there were many
things wrong and it was fascinating and
and very watchable some of the choices
are weird yeah and and it wasn't Fred
Durst's directing Fred Durst appears to
be a fine director he also wrote it too
he co-wrote it yeah a story by Fred
Durst okay write and screenplay by Fred
Durst and some other guy so Fred Durst
kind of said who have him say this line
and the other guy structured it and
wrote whose idea was it to have them
talk about how awesome Limp Bizkit is
I used to listen went back in two days
nice
not sure about that I have to do some
research on okay okay the part where or
where devon Sawa plays limp Biskit yeah
tells his son about how awesome limp
Biskit was back in the day yeah I'm not
sure if that may have been Fred Durst I
have to do some research okay I'd love
to do ought to do a really deep dive
into the into the lore behind this film
yes yes I have a feeling it was Fred
Johnson the the the boom operator no
Fred Fred Fred Fred Johnson he's a good
boom operator and he loves Limp Bizkit
well speaking of the technical aspects
of this movie I was shocked it got to
the end credits and it said
cinematography by Conrad hall and I was
like that name sounds familiar I think
he worked on like David Fincher movies
and so I looked him up and I made the
most shocking discovery of my entire
life
yeah which is that Conrad there is a
Conrad hall that worked on David Fincher
movies but there is another Conrad Hall
there's two cinematographers that are
both working right now that are both
named Conrad Hall oh one of them was the
cinematographer for American Beauty and
the other was the second unit
photographer for American Beauty both
Conrad halls worked on American Beauty I
always had a shot of Conrad Hall walking
at her well the cinematography like the
look of the movie is great there's some
nice shots like towards the ends does a
shot where John Travolta's trying to
escape Devon Sawa's house and he's like
on the ground and he's kind of
silhouetted by the doors like it was a
pretty good-looking movie
you
well I think it's about time to get into
spoilers so if you've enjoyed our
discussion so far and go watch fanatic
watch the film and see what what site of
the the John Travolta divide you land on
yeah not the fan a movie with Robert De
Niro not dare fan a weird German movie
about a musician that gets chopped up by
a girl but now we're going to talk about
the plot John Travolta is obsessed with
devon Sawa there's the plot it's a very
repetitive
it's like scene where John Travolta
tries to interact with him and devon
Sawa tells him to fuck off you say
repetitive I say building tension his
first encounter
well first encounter is a non encounter
yes his his paparazzi friend who looks
about as old as John Travolta's
great-great-granddaughter who was
hanging out with a man who is nearly 70
years old yeah clearly and doesn't
doesn't act like he's odd at all it's
very weird and and looks like he could
snap at any moment and needs to be
institutionalized but she thinks he's
his warm and cuddly friend yes or her
warm and cuddly friend so she is working
this like red carpet thing at a wrap
party for a movie that Devin saw was was
in yeah and she sneaks moose in oh my
god moose are you okay because she's
working the gig by helping Hayley that's
worth possibly losing your job it's
worth losing her job letting a man in
who looks and acts crazy and who could
possibly be dangerous she helps him hop
a fence and sneak into the party so he
can get an autograph she is extremely
naive yes so he goes in there he tries
to find Devin saw he's not there stop
stop it I came here to see what your
dumb bar the
yeah ii encountered devon Sawa aka a
hunter Dunbar Hunter Dunbar where the
movie opens with a quote from him which
is a weird choice - it is a weird choice
they did whatever they couldn't
post-production to save this movie the
the voiceover from the girl is a
post-production choice to save it to
make it more artsy and so is the the
animated oh yeah there's like sketchy
interesting yeah which are kind of
cool-looking I like those yeah that they
did it to add it add some artistic flair
to it to make it look like more of an
art art films distract you from the fact
that the movie has almost no plot right
so he tries to get his autograph he
tries to get him sign a jacket he's that
like a comic book kind of store like a
movie memorabilia signing his book John
Travolta is next in line hunter Dunbar
has to leave and then he has problems
with his ex-wife his ex-wife yes we get
a little intro introduction of that VAX
wife and the son and and then they first
meets mr. space vampires have an ice on
your face with my fucking fist that's a
collector's item you're not gonna want
to take home trust me desert this is I
think a movie mistake - I think that's
the problem with this movie is that it
comes across like the theme of the movie
I guess is that like everybody's shitty
I don't know what this movie was trying
to say like if the movie started out
with devon Sawa being like just a good
guy you know maybe he's a little too
nice and that's what hooks moose into
wanting to get more and more involved
with his life but like the first thing
he says it's like I'm gonna punch you in
the fucking face John Travolta
so he's like an asshole from the
beginning and that never changes yeah if
they were commenting on the pair of
social relationship then yes you're
right devon Sawa should have been more
like hey buddy yeah sure I'll sign that
and then that leads him to want more and
more or which is a plot that's been done
before but at least it makes sense it
makes sense yeah and based on the ending
Devin Sawa's turn at the end would have
made a different angle to it yeah oh
yeah what I've been more impactful when
I starts stabbing John Travolta in the
eye
so he shows up at Hunter's house again
has a fight with them same scene
basically same scene based away and then
it just continues to escalate and we
don't want to just explain the movie but
he gets into the night of his house I
think he comes back again he gets inside
the house he comes back again he fucks
around while demonsaw was sleeping in
his chair watching Night of the Living
Dead right night of living dead is in
the flashback when when moose is a child
we we get a 10-second flash back to when
moose was like maybe ten years old and
he's watching Night of the Living Dead
on TV and in the background we see his
mother who's I don't know being
flirtatious with a gentleman caller
he's being neglected and that's the only
flashback we get that's the only and
it's it's identical to a flashback in
the Cable Guy with Jim Carrey so it's a
similar scene in and it looks like he's
just a regular kid it doesn't seem like
he has any problems right so I think
they're they're suggesting that because
of parental neglect and over stimulation
of watching movies by himself that's
what turned him into a socially awkward
adult and that's the confusing thing too
is like Devin saw was an asshole John
Travolta is a lunatic but making him
have like mental problems are we
supposed to sympathize with him that's
any you don't of course because he's
terrifying
you are or hysterical depends on how you
look at it but but that's the thing it's
like you don't like either character and
then by the end of this movie where
devon Sawa like blows his fingers off
and like it's like pathetic when he's
like stabbed and John Travolta's like
crying on the granola I know and I'm
like what am I supposed to be feeling
here I had no clue I sympathize more
with devon Sawa because I'm just like
okay sure you know he's kind of pompous
he's an asshole he cheated on his wife
with the maid yeah this is it's alluded
to that that's probably what broke up
their marriage but he does
didn't want crazy John Travolta coming
near his house yes I get it got it um
and then John Travolta I think is
supposed to be portrayed as loveable
you're in what is your takeaway it's
like who is the hero and who is the
villain we don't know so it's kind of
like Martin Scorsese's king of comedy I
want you out of here now
it's that plain enough I understand is
that clear yeah yeah Jerry I said look
well you're tired that's okay I'm gonna
leave this stuff here okay read it to
Lygia and let me know what you think
Robert don't be so don't be usually is a
man's telling us to go he is not telling
us to go will you stop that mr. lankford
I just want youto shoes Roger Robert De
Niro's character he's a little too
obsessed with Jerry Lewis the Jerry
Lewis is also kind of an asshole but
there is a very clear like humanity to
both of them that this movie doesn't
have with either of them yeah no I mean
yeah that's a problem well sure but but
I like that ambiguity of like because I
felt that both of these characters could
have been real people it would have been
more satisfying from a film perspective
to where there was clear lines of
definition where Devon saw was a nice
guy and how it was his own fault that he
lured in this crazy person by being a
little too open with him and then open
now we got to draw the line oh god he's
coming into my house and we clearly said
with sympathize with hunter Dunbar but I
think the movie was was trying to make
John Travolta lovable even though he
clearly crossed the line many times when
you find the cookie jar it's hard to not
go back for more it's true but I suppose
when you find the cookie jar
it's hard to not go back from more devon
Sawa it lives alone in his Hollywood
mansion and there is a maid there and
the maid is scared because she sees John
Travolta running around their property
later on the maid confronts John
Travolta on the property and he kills
her oh my gosh are you okay
and then for 45 minutes it's never
brought up again yeah and that was a big
flaw because the movie expected you to
forget about it it's all I could think
about after a while it was when demonsaw
was tied to the bed is like what about
the fucking maid it's such an impactful
moment the audience cannot forget about
yeah and I thought John moose just
murdered somebody they also introduced a
gardener character and he's like you
know can I leave it's raining you know
so reassume he won't be back for a
couple days so they introduced him
because he's the one who finds the body
but it would like the body is just
laying there in in broad daylight for
days and you could probably see it from
his window like I don't know so it if
moose had dragged the body into the
bushes and kind of concealed it a little
yeah that would have been a good choice
in the movie because then as an audience
we would have like let it go a little
yeah but really you're like what about
the maid well maybe every once in a
while we cut to an exterior and you see
those legs stay now Italian or something
to keep reminding you yes that's fine I
mean if we forget about it that's great
because it comes back as a surprise at
the end but the way they handled it we
could not forget about the maid the maid
is lying there dead nobody finds her for
days yeah and another like that's the
thing with this movie is like there's
all these great little ideas all over
the place that I like but all these
screws are not quite tightened and I
just want to go in and kind of fix them
it's like that the the photographer
character should have been didn't really
need to be a photographer character it
should have been his adult daughter
checks in on him and says you know dr.
so-and-so says you're doing okay as long
as you keep taking your pills
yeah giving us real clear like lines of
what's wrong with him sure or the
photographer character could be more
like instead of that paparazzi person
could just be another weirdo fan that
takes things too far that's I guess
that's kind of that's exactly sander
Bernhardt and king of comedy that's what
it feels like like some of that's
helping him break into events and stuff
like doesn't feel like something that a
professional like a photographer working
in the industry would say who is it
feels like something that another weirdo
fan would do yeah but a weirdo fan who
knows where the line is yeah I am NOT a
stalker I am a fan Leah his obsession
with with devon Sawa the nature of it is
it not quite clear whether it's sexual
in nature plutonic or jealousy the
characters are stagnant yeah they're not
dynamic characters they don't they don't
really change Devin Sawa as an asshole
from the beginning and then Travolta's
crazy from the beginning yeah and and
the the the intensity of the interaction
increases from scuffle in the alley to
get away from my gate to get the fuck
out of my house that it escalates but
the nature of the characters don't
really change yeah and I don't know if
that's close to King of Comedy where you
know yeah but like you said if John
Travolta was just kind of like a normal
guy who like movies and stuff like that
and then got worse and worse and worse
and worse
yeah as hunter Dunbar was more open then
he becomes closed and then they both
kind of yeah and escalates to some kind
of dramatic conclusion thinking the
comedic version is do you remember what
about Bob yeah I'm not kind of what
happens in that movie
yeah yeah is this some radical new
therapy what about Bob rated PG it was
very comical when Devon saw was tied to
the bed
I think he gets loose I don't remember
specifically what happens but he has a
shotgun like above his bed but he the
way it's framed he just sort of reaches
above frame and pulls the gun down and
looked like a naked gun gag yeah but was
that established in a master shot or
something I don't think so I think he
just reaches up and put down the gun
thinking the shotgun came out of nowhere
yeah but I think that's the idea is
that's supposed to be above like his
headboard yeah so John Travolta ties him
to the bed
you know misery style Kathy Bates wants
to smash James Caan's legs
well she beat well she doesn't wanted to
leave so he can finish it so further
keep him a mobile so he could finish his
book right got it does John Travolta
want to have sex with him at one point
he berates him about easily you should
be better dad you should have ice cream
in your fridge for your son
yeah and then the next minute he's like
even though he's a fan of him as an
actor then he starts berating him about
acting I could do I could be an actor
right and I was like I don't know what
he wants then he comes out in a Jason
costume videos full Jason Voorhees and
stabs him pretends to stab him
and then says you you were no Jamie Lee
Curtis or something yeah that's like oh
that's the wrong movie do people still
put on hockey masks and try to scare you
it's a wrong movie baby right but do
people ever do that what Michael Mayer
oh he pulled on the mask
Uh, Devon Sawa then interestingly, instead of just saying, "I'm gonna punch your fucking face,"
FUBU he he appeals to him he talks to
him like he you know he wants to be his
friend and all he convinces John
Travolta to untie him well he says he's
gonna sign autographs for him yeah I
will sign whatever you want whenever you
want for me for a real fan you sign for
me and it's like is that the entire
thing did John Travolta just want
autographs because that's kind of where
it starts and there's a bizarre creative
decision here where like the camera is
like this purple tint to it that's the
fantasy yellow that's where again feels
like it's supposed to be romantic or
something but then yeah devon Sawa gets
both of his arms free and then shoots a
shotgun so in the magical shotgun comes
out of nowhere and blows John Travolta's
fingers our John Travolta runs away
falls down stairs the hunter Dunbar gets
all of his ropes off and then he starts
like shooting at him to scare him yeah
well he has like his ear rings shotgun
blasts and then he takes out a Rambo
knife and stabs him in the eye
just a little bit just a little bit the
tip not enough to puncture the brain
yeah but enough to seriously wound him
and then it's like that's what well
that's it should be sad because as bad
as John Travolta's been it's still like
this is a human being but it's again I
was laughing
because it's so awkward and confusing I
didn't know how to react and then does
he just let him go and explicably yeah
devon Sawa opens the door John Travolta
stumbles out and he closes the door
it doesn't call the cops for some reason
the next day the cops show up with the
gardener who has discovered the body of
the maid there is motive for devon Sawa
to have killed the maid because
presumably she was involved with him in
an affair that will cost him his
marriage right
and then devon Sawa submits to the
police with no wait a minute wait wait
he doesn't say a word he just accepts
the fact that he's being arrested for
the murder of someone that he didn't
murder I didn't understand any of this
but J we don't see what happens when he
gives at the police station that's true
they read him his Miranda rights he says
okay I'm gonna wait at the police
station he spills it on the John
Travolta I came in my house with the
Jason Voorhees bad wig I also the thing
too is John Travolta is alive and out
there with missing fingers and a stab
wound in his eye but yeah then he gets
the the fame as a street performer that
he's always wanted I guess it's the
what's happening there are you talking
about the moment where the foreign guy
the foreign guys are like oh that's
great makeup I'm like what yeah I don't
know if that was supposed to be like sad
for him like oh no he's really injured
help him you know yeah I think it is
like cuz yeah he's a you know earlier we
see him doing his a poppycock poppycock
poppycock and uh no one's paying
attention to him yeah it's implied that
he will go on to be a famous street
performer because the the the paparazzi
girl finds him obvious and him leave yes
she's driving by oh my gosh obviously
get some medical attention but he can
now be a really good pirate street
performer because they show they had a
cartoon and it has him with a hook hand
and he stabbed his eye out so he wears
an eyepatch and a hook hand and now he
and be a pirate that is shown in a
cartoon I don't remember that and and
it's it's him and she's behind him and
she is like angel oh yeah I remember the
wings yeah yeah but he has a pirate hook
hand and eye patch because devon Sawa
put a Rambo knife inside so now he could
be a really fucking good pirate on the
Hollywood Walk of Fame he could even
show people I'm really missing an eye
and make a lot of money and and achieve
his dreams of making an adequate living
as a Hollywood those people that perform
in front of the like the Grauman's
Chinese Theater are like homeless people
well they would make any money I mean
he's he's almost there but now they
could be a pirate I guess and and and
like real pirates of Ivaldi got away
with murder because devon Sawa will not
say that he did not murder the maid and
he will not tell about the home invasion
by a crazy person even though the police
probably would have walked around his
house and said why are all these ropes
on your bed and what is with this puddle
of blood on the floor oh yeah and we
have social media pictures of a guy in
your house while you're asleep you've
been using your social media to
broadcast criminal activities very
easily devon Sawa could convince the
police of what what the truth was
and very quickly because any character
can find any character very easy yeah
they just show up everywhere you can
very quickly find moose and arrest him
it'll be hard putting handcuffs on
bizarre movie bizarre choices
interesting performances we've just done
a deep dive on it other people that have
talked about this movie it's just so
it's funny bad but it's more interesting
than that the mechanics of it are
interesting and your choices are
interesting whether it's a performance
choice or a plot choice it I I follow
John Travolta's performance very
intriguing
I bought his performance as a person
with severe mental problems and I
enjoyed it it doesn't make me wonder if
it was in a completely different movie
if it would have a different sort of
reaction for me because would the way
the rest of this movie operates I found
everything he did have hilarious
and Fred Durst's Direction wasn't wasn't
bad it's fine I think it was the
mechanics of the script and and and the
story so I'm glad we took this movie and
we really analyzed it because it needs
it it it's yeah someone just go and
watch this movie John Travolta yeah
gonna do it he's got this weird hair
good to be fair I do think that is a big
selling point of the movie it is but to
me the performance wasn't like little
I'm laughing you know at it it's hard to
I mean maybe I just keep thinking of him
aside English Bobby maybe from an actor
perspective like like you laugh at Rosie
O'Donnell we're not awful terrible
people we don't laugh at people like
that no that's the fact that that actor
is trying to pull it off yes and there
and and it's a very hard thing to pull
off without it coming off as as like I
want an award or I'm making this bold
choice as an actor I'm taking on this
challenge Robert Downey jr. said it best
he knew what he was talking about when
he wore that black face so I guess we're
recommending the movie right a lot of
people that watch our show our fans of
film film writing construction they
watch they watch us talk because they
like to hear about a deeper analysis
share of a movie and if you like that
sort of thing this is a movie to watch
based on that yeah not necessarily for
entertainment value because as we said a
few times so far it's not laughably bad
it's not the room
right you know it's not a movie like
that but it's not a really good movie
that that should win awards for this or
that yeah but it's it's fairly well done
with lots of problems so if you were an
aspiring filmmaker or a screenwriter or
whatever it's a good movie to watch or
if you like watching things like that -
it's like watching a moderate train
wreck where you're like oh I see how
that could have been prevented right
yeah that train like Madore instruct ID
of - we're kind of smashed it a little
and bunch of oranges spilled out on the
road yeah yeah it didn't derail the guy
who was driving the orange truck he
broke his leg yeah yeah it got smashed
he broke his hip I'm the Train head over
and really that's really kind of neat to
look at but but it's not a flaming
disastrous wreck sure that's what that's
my thoughts on it you seem to laugh more
it's specifically a John Travolta the
rest of the movie like I said like it's
not that bad it's it's just him it's
like taking something that shouldn't be
in this movie and dropping it in this
movie it's a Saturday Night Live skit
kind of thing yeah like when you have a
celebrity guest on Sur Night Live that's
not known for doing comedy I think we
brought that up before like when you
have like a football player or something
you know like you just threw everything
off
well Suns going down it's almost
nighttime time to head out to the
Hollywood Boulevard
yeah I'm assuming a lot of people don't
realize that we moonlight as performers
on Hollywood Boulevard yeah you have a
picture right oh yeah here
