Jun 9, 2019
Godzilla: King of the Monsters and Dark Phoenix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uu9JFs-Dmb0
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1129016913106034689
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156463811592634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-godzilla-king-of-the-monsters-and-dark-phoenix

half in the bag Margaret keep making
movies yeah well why don't you check
that list again yeah I'll wait while you
check it Mike and Jay is he checking it is
he checking it yeah
Nothing?
Well, f--, what the fuck?
This is unacceptable.
No, I'm not drunk.
You're drunk.
Fuck that guy. 
Yeah, fuck him.
Finally the world has opened a VCR Hall of Fame and Exhibits in Toledo, Ohio, and we weren't fucking invited to it.
god dammit don't they know that we've
been busting our ass being VCR repairman
for the last eight years not to mention
we have one of the few remaining
operational VCR repair shops in the
fucking world don't they know who the
fuck we are if anyone deserves free
tickets to a soft opening of the VCR
repair Museum it's us god damn right
from exhibits to the very first VCR
built by Aberdeen schmeckle Dorf in 1948
to the most current released model and
the history of VCRs the impact on pop
culture and American life I mean goddamn
it I want to see those exhibits we've
done more for the name of VCRs than
Toshiba fact J you could say we've done
more for the name VCR then mister VCR
himself was that somebody's name I think
it's I think it i think it's shortened i
think it means something else victor see
rumble dwarf i always thought that's
what it meant does it stand for
something is it an acronym where did you
even get that name from he's the guy who
invented magnetic strip tape CJ this is
why we need to go to the soft opening of
the fucking vcr museum we're not frauds
just pretending to know everything about
VCRs for money we know we know are sure
we're the only VCR repair shop that's
approved by these companies and we are
are approved by Sony and Panasonic and
Toshiba we've got the fucking stamp of
approval to fix their VCRs and we don't
even get an invite have we done this
long enough no should we talk about
Godzilla now the bit I mean yeah yeah
yeah we'll talk about
Godzilla king of the monsters it's the
sequel to the last Godzilla movie no not
that one the one before that one the
only recent one that matters because
it's American and we invented Godzilla
damn it
king of the monsters is about Godzilla
fighting a bunch of other monsters some
boring human characters do some boring
human stuff - well Godzilla is busy
fighting a bunch of other monsters what
else can you say
that's the movie that's the review
thanks for watching Mike what did you
think of Godzilla king of the monsters I
didn't hate it it should be pointed out
that both the movies we're gonna talk
about him on Rotten Tomatoes they have
very low critic scores but pretty high
audience scores and I think the reality
for both of them is kind of right in
between that that's true because you
know to jump ahead to our next film I
also enjoyed Dark Phoenix but I wanted
to coin a term and I don't know if it's
been coined yet I have not googled this
it probably has but I want to say we
watching these two films both green
splats critically I wanted to call them
flop busters because they they come out
and they're like oh ho Godzilla if
there's a 40% it's terrible and then
this gets good high ratings and then I
look on Box Office Mojo and is that 120
million opening worldwide like Godzilla
didn't make that much oh maybe worldwide
us it made like under 50 million or 67
760 you know hundred I don't trust the
budgets on I'm assuming that's a guess I
don't know who knows but um it might be
one of those that squeaks by or
underperforms whatever yeah that's why
it's a flop poster sure cuz it does
pretty good but it's not a disaster it's
not a Jupiter ascending or you know and
it's also not a Marvel Avengers end game
and I'm feeling end game will be the
last true blockbuster ooh I just and
it's appropriately titled to
because I can't think of something I
mean you sure you got this new new
Batman movie coming out our stuff starts
when when I saw the last Jedi trailer I
was like oh where are they going with
this I'm interested because you know
it's following up the force awakens
what's happening in this and then this
it's like I watch it and there's ray
yeah in the same clothes no there
doesn't planet yeah the usual Falcon
flying shots I'm surprised it didn't
attack two or three tight fighters mmm
pursuing it shooting at it yeah that's
every movie now it's all it's all the
same I think well I think that's that's
what both of these movies are talking
about kind of suffer from is the fact
that nobody's impressed by anything
anymore everything's gotten too big
we're now you have these movies that are
okayish but it's like they're they're
not infinity war you know they're not
like this this grand epic thing that's
gonna like get people like riled up in
their seats there okay I don't know in
the foreseeable future
I can't I can't really see anything
because the the DC model burnt itself
out the universal movie monster is self
destructed Batman Superman restart x-men
x-men is gonna be rebooted now x-men's
and flames pun intended so it's like
yeah what's gonna be the next big thing
that's gonna bring worldwide audiences
out all these all these IPS are all like
in in ruins so I bet if you asked people
leaving the theater from this Godzilla
movie did they if they knew it was a
part of a cinematic universe they
probably would have no idea most people
wouldn't this is related to that Kong
movie that came out I think I saw that
it was okay
Kong scolar Kong Skull Island it is it
is see you didn't even know I didn't
watch it you know what and while
watching this I could not remember if
everyone in this movie was in the
previous Godzilla movie oh the only
thing I knew was that Bryan Cranston was
in it I wanted to quiz you on that
because I after we saw this I rewatched
our Godzilla 2014 review because I don't
remember anything about what we said
about it and I was surprised because we
show trailer footage in that review
and I was like Oh Sally Hawkins from
shape of water she was in the last movie
she's in this movie briefly I recognized
Ken Watanabe Ken Watanabe he doesn't
last he famously said scorch Tila like
like they do in the old movies not being
racist that's the way says it so you
could stop your comments right now the
early edition guy the the lady from the
conjuring Vera Farmiga of course it's
Vera
everybody loves Vera Vera loves her
paychecks I was like was she I know the
the little kid from stranger things was
not because that's when she was boring
but but let's uh let's brush aside our
cynicism our discussion of franchises
and cinematic universes and properties
and all that stuff let's just talk about
the movies
Godzilla 2019 aka Godzilla king of the
monsters which is sexist because we
don't know Godzilla's gender godzilla
was a male well he could be gender fluid
I know one can understand
I guess Vera Farmiga kind of can but she
never asked him if he was gender fluid
mister she just wanted to get him to
calm the fuck down
but she didn't ask him his preference
so so I guess the movie takes place a
handful of years later Vera Farmiga and
the guy from early edition have two kids
I have son I guess he gets stepped on at
some point you guys so then that kind of
Tears their family apart the the father
is an alcoholic he goes off to like
learn the hunting habits of wolves
she's whatever well that's that's the
thing is the they took note from the
last Godzilla movie which had almost no
Godzilla in it and they said let's have
a lot of Godzilla in this one lots of
monster fights we got Mothra and Rodan
and Ghidorah or eater uh we'll have tons
of monster fights oh but I guess we have
to have a human element so we have this
this the most stock of family drama
stuff that we've seen a billion times
that that yes I will agree with you to a
certain extent the the family drama felt
very raw and Emeric which is funny
because we say that exact same thing
about the last Godzilla movie sure this
one I think it's even more so because
you had every roland emmerich movie has
the strains parent-child relationship
the strange dad and then Bacchus yes and
this has that and you're like oh no and
then the movie never really does
anything to flush them out or make them
much more interesting Vera Farmiga the
most although she goes so far crazy at
one point where you're like I think you
even said you're like she better not be
redeemed at the end but you know where
it's gonna go and it's like that's the
problem with a Godzilla movie like III
could under I'm not a big Godzilla fan I
don't even think I've seen a Godzilla
movie I've seen pieces except for the
Bryan Cranston one yeah that doesn't
count but through osmosis and pop
culture I'm aware of Godzilla Mothra
Rodin oh sure
Mechagodzilla monster zero you know yeah
yeah I've lived on this planet I've
absorbed pop culture I know what those
things are so going into it watching it
it's Mothra everyone
knows Mothra yeah everyone knows
Godzilla and so it's like they picked
out the three or four big monsters that
they wanted to highlight they explained
to us their their dynamic their social
dynamic Godzilla does not like monster
zero they're the two alphas that rival
for control over all the other monsters
Mothra is the wild card she kind of has
a special bond with Godzilla I got all
that they explained all that and it was
clear on who was fighting who it wasn't
a Michael Bay transformers movie without
a little too much murky rain and snow
stuff but yeah you still get a sense of
what's it I wish I found the movie very
exciting up until maybe like the halfway
mark that that when they go to
Antarctica that whole sequence I thought
was neat oh yeah there's a lot of stuff
first half that was great and then it's
like okay you know your balance we have
to have human characters we don't want
to bog it down like we did last one yes
too much exposition too much drama of
people talking blah so sprinkle didn't
throw out and they had four or five
monster set pieces I thought the ending
went over the top and and that leads in
into the Dark Phoenix discussion because
I thought the Godzilla movie I was so
like I'm so sick of movies that overstay
their welcome yeah I like us when things
scale it down a little bit well Godzilla
you kind of have to do that this gets a
pass when it comes to that stuff that's
Godzilla's whole thing and like you
mentioned you get to understand the
dynamics of all the monsters and that's
really because this movie is directed by
Michael Dougherty who did our favorite
Krampus Krampus is a masterpiece he
clear that trick-or-treat he clearly
likes monsters and you can tell that's
where a lot of his attention went to in
this movie and the characters are almost
like an afterthought because this does a
really great job they're not just
mindless monsters that start stomping
around they all have like behavioral
patterns and lots of detail and
attention to that type of stuff just
them acting out their their general
nature they're not just
big stupid monsters Ghidorah has the
three heads and they all have different
minds different personalities they don't
even make a line about that you just
kind of pick up on it because when I
snapped at the other yeah yeah they're
like they like bicker with each other
and so you can tell like that's where
all of his attention went and I think
all the battles are just the right
amount of excessive where they're not
exhausting right
it didn't get Man of Steel
my favorite part I laughed out loud
twice first part was when the pilot
ejects from the thing right into the
monster's mouth that was the best part
of the movie
among some joyful monster stuff also oh
I left all out three times
oh when there's the gut in in the early
scene when maater is the larva stage and
there's the guys with the guns and
there's this giant like fuckinng larvae
a monster like right and then they're
like and then Vera Farmiga yells out
from behind the glass window stop it
you're scaring her so that was kind of
funny and then lastly Boston it looks
like an atomic bomb dropped on it and
then a early edition guy gets out of a
car and he starts going really yeah
there's two giant monsters fighting
and-and-and like barfing fire at each
other but can you hear me a cacophony of
noise yeah and a destruction and fire
and brimstone everywhere that's like I
said every time they pan down to the
like I understand what they're doing you
gotta have the you have the big action
but then you have the human drama
they're not as laughable as that Man of
Steel moment when when the entire city
is being blown up and then they pan down
and the camera zooms in and there's a
Laurence Fishburne and someone has their
shoe lace collar under a piece of
concrete a tiny half a second but yeah
it's like it's like as big as the set I
mean our VCR repair shop well speaking
of CGI and zooming in can I mention that
this movie does what has become my most
hated cliche of any of these movies
which is when there is a shot that is
clearly completely CGI
and they do the snap zoom to try and
make it look like documentary and real I
think I can guarantee they do it
multiple times in Man of Steel they do
it in this stop it it's so it's so tired
I want to say that may have been first
used in the great film star
episode 2 Attack of the Clones oh really
that's 2002 I ain't never seen that
before yeah it's all CG shop that tries
to look like a snap documentary
cameraman yeah but now every fucking
movie does it and it's so tired it feels
a little dated yeah
that's the only thing when it comes to
the big monster stuff that was the only
one that stuck ours like come on the
rest of its pretty good yeah yeah
compared to the last one I think I was
bored during the last one
Bryan Cranston was sweating a lot well
that movie every time Godzilla starts to
attack they cut to like news footage and
you see it on happening there it's like
we're not gonna show the monster battle
or to show it on TV this movies like
fuck that like this is what people came
to see I would imagine if you're a big
fan of Godzilla and and all these
monsters and stuff like I can't imagine
not being satisfied with the amount of
monster fights that are in those well
and and that's that's a good point
because I I don't want to sound
hypocritical when we say when we you
know knock on the Transformers movies
and we say well people come to see big
robots fight each other that's what they
got you know I mean yeah but those you
don't even get a coherent story you know
what the fuck is happening that's thing
that this movie accomplishes pretty well
it's it's it's it's boring cliche
melodrama stuff but at least I
understood it it's a plug and play
characters into your story they didn't
they didn't go crazy they really could
have that little family unit at vera
farming is great she's great and
everything but yeah I will underutilized
Millie she was all right except for I
think they had a team of people giving
her that wet hair look yet haven't fall
just the right way extremes this way and
another thing to note the Michael Bay
transformer scripts you have those those
obnoxious stereotyped characters you
have those those really over-the-top
comic relief yeah I feel like they're
out of like a Wayans brothers comedies
from the nineties I'm so like nauseating
yeah that this this movie ignored all of
that even even that like who's that
actor that guy with the glasses and he's
got the white hair Oh Bradley Whitford
yeah use it use the dad and get out he's
been in yeah yes yeah he was on West
Wing one of those shows he's got that
keys like that he's kind of smart ass
he'd teeters on going that way but they
never go too far what he's looking at
he's a cup he works for monarch it's
like a monarch bug and he's just not
yours on it yeah so he's he's a nerd
he's a technical guy he's does his own
place by his own rules that he's that
character he doesn't follow orders he's
you know a genius type but he doesn't
get obnoxious yeah and then the other
comic relief character they're spread in
the two is that guy at one point the
Asian lady says something that that
creature is called Zuba Zuba and then
he's like did she say gonorrhea oh yeah
I roll that's the worst of God yeah in
terms of stupid comic relief I prefer
comic relief in the form of a fighter
pilot ejects into the mouth of a monster
I prefer that kind of humor and that was
smarter that's the type of stuff that's
in like I said that's the best moment in
this movie because it's it's it's silly
but it's not like distracting or
obnoxious or takes you out of the movie
Kong Skull Island which I like much more
than this that whole movie is stuff like
that really really kind of like
inventive colorful set pieces a lot of
its during the day so you can see what's
happening unlike this movie there's so
much rain all the time I was annoyed by
that you you want to take it take it as
it is
it's a Godzilla movie about monsters
with some some boilerplate human
plotting that is necessary well I made I
don't know if it's a good decision or a
mistake because in retrospect it made
this movie much worse right after
watching this just for comparison's sake
I watched hidden Godzilla from 2016 the
Japanese reboots there had been a
Godzilla movie and like over a decade or
something that's a movie that has very
little Godzilla but it also has no
protagonists and it's fucking great it's
very like tactical and logical where
it's like it's a complete reboot it's
like if Godzilla showed up today what
would how would evarin reacts
like like okay this giant monster just
showed up on shore what do we do and so
we have scenes with like the military
have scenes with the government we have
scenes with scientists and it's like
everybody trying to work together but
there's all this like political red tape
so everything's taking way longer than
it should and that's the whole movie and
it's fucking awesome I think as like a
like a Star Trek fan like a TNG fan you
would actually like it because it's very
I in rewatching or Godzilla review from
2014 you're like I would love to see a
movie that's just scientists trying to
figure out what to do and that's the
movie I like a good procedural drama
that that's what it is a big studio here
it's not gonna take that chance without
the lovey dovey parents and kids and and
the stupid plot with that because
Godzilla was not made by Americans
Godzilla and and it does not translate
all that great yeah because gods
Godzilla is what like from the 50s it's
like the whole movies about the fear of
like nuclear fallout it's atomic age
it's the collective horror of the
Japanese from being nuked yes in world
war ii and it's like it's like ingrained
subculture and that's kind of what it
sprung from and it's so it's like
something that us as Americans don't
quite get so we want to see a Michael
Bay kind of monsters punch each other
look Vera Farmiga wants to bring these
monsters back to destroy cities and kill
a bunch of people to redeem the death of
her son I would have been okay if like
you know she was just good hearted
scientist who wanted to talk to the
monsters and then an insane asylum bus
crashes near the compound and we're
missing one patient mister mister a bird
Aberdeen bumble Dorf he's super bonkers
everyone we got to find him hey what's
this button do oh no Aberdeen bubbled
all the monster
there's your plot okay basically what
I'm saying is happenstance accident
technological failure versus bonkers
built Bond villain desk political agenda
or or you know whatever agenda
just gonna switch those components
around whatever gets the monsters out
you
[Music]
why did you make me do that the worst
summer season for movies is officially
underway and adding to the pile as the
poorly reviewed Dark Phoenix the third
or fourth time the tale of Jean Grey
going bonkers has been told throwing
some themes of us versus them family
teacher-student love/hate revenge and
you've got drama to the nth degree
complete with a blue ape what movie
couldn't use more blue apes x-men Dark
Phoenix is the best-looking TV show to
ever play in the movie theaters that was
exactly what I was gonna say about this
movie is that it feels like a two-parter
TV show episode it's time to open a tank
7 bye Boulevard Brewing Company are we
sponsored by that what is happening
absolutely not it's just a beer I like
to drink and it's refreshing and
delicious and it has 27 percent alcohol
well Jay what did you think of x-men
Dark Phoenix
well like you mentioned it kind of feels
like a TV show the script feels like a
like an okay first draft that they
didn't flush out or make it better like
you would mention that you know you kind
of hinted at it with the Godzilla
discussion but you like that it feels a
little more small-scale I do to a
certain extent but with this particular
story where it hinges on the idea that
Jean Grey is now the Dark Phoenix and
she's turning evil and this may turn all
of normal people against mutants the
movie doesn't really do anything to
display that she doesn't do anything
particularly evil and she kills spoilers
[Music]
if she kills one of the x-men the worst
x-men in this franchise Jennifer
Lawrence aside from that she didn't like
like if you're gonna really make that
like the big threat like oh fuck you man
he's gonna turn on us again just when we
got people to like us she needs to kill
like a stadium of people or something
like you need to have something big
happen and the movie never really goes
there
I loved this movie oh my god I thought
it was the best x-men movie I've seen
since x2 you're lying I'm not lying you
are seriously I'm trolling you I some
people are saying it's the worst x-men
movie and it definitely isn't this
doesn't have any I'm the juggernaut
bitch moments
"Don't you know who I am?"
"I'm the Juggernaut, bitch!"
oh God oh so many
other worse ones x-men origins Wolverine
let me let me take let me let me add
some more in here okay so there's x2
Logan which is more of a real movie yes
and then everything else and then maybe
Days of Future past future past I like
delay so I mean the bad ones you've
liked you've liked because they're just
complete garbage
well like x-men origins Wolverine and
apocalypse what are you doing
well apocalypse of schlock um and NC I
enjoy I enjoy schlock this one this one
was just there was something different
about it and I liked how it was just
kind of very simple because it starts
off with a kind of things have settled
down and that's that that's the real
problem with this this whole x-men
franchise going all the way back to 1999
2008 99 1 of that first one come it's
just like all over the place yet ex ex
I'm I don't want an x-men - Bryan Singer
movies where I can talk about that your
head your cast great cast yes x2 was
there Empire Strikes Back and then Bryan
Singer leaves to go direct Superman
Returns and says I don't want to do
x-men 3 give it to give it to that other
sexpert other sex ranter ranter
and then and then oh God then let's
start making origin movies and oh god
let's reboot the whole thing let's go
back to the past yeah this franchise is
all over the place that's like okay and
spoilers Dark Phoenix spoilers mystique
dies although I don't think it's ever
been established that it's a separate
like like splintered off timeline
peasant but now mystique dies oh wait no
it has I can't keep track of shit
listen at the end of at the end of Days
of Future past Logan
Wolverine returns mm to present-day we
see all those characters again we're
like why but they've altered the future
right because at the beginning of the
movie it's like oh like a dystopia so
it's like that's not the same timeline
in the future from these movies it's
possible we have a Kelvin and prime
situation although I'm not sure because
they're still technically the same
characters and this movie takes place in
the early 90s just a couple years before
the first x-men movie so I don't know
how Michael Fassbender looks like Ian
McKellen and the course of like six
years
a whole lot of cocaine did you hear what
the kids are calling you
Phoenix speaking of inconsistencies even
in this timeline things don't make sense
because I only saw apocalypse once we
saw it in the theater and I had a vague
memory if something happening at the end
that I had to double-check after
watching this movie which is at the end
of that movie to defeat apocalypse James
McAvoy tells Jean Grey like unleash it
unleash it she unleashes the Phoenix in
that movie which takes place before this
movie where she gets the Phoenix powers
in this movie what happened they just
completely ignored the ending of the
last movie in this movie x-men 3
it was Jean Grey and in the you know the
singer era x-men movies in the pervert
errands can we call that the perfect
timeline she was able to do telekinesis
and do some things but Professor X kept
her mind in check by by building
firewalls or safeguards in her brain
so x-men 3 she kind of got AB crazy so
she turns Patrick Stewart to dust
and then goes bonkers and it's only
Wolverine and it's mutant healing
ability that allows him to get close
enough stab her in the heart yeah that's
that Dark Phoenix this dark Venus is
space entity which is more accurate to
the comic books I don't care about
accuracy comic books I care about
consistency of story well know if you
care about consistency of story the this
the the story contained within this
little film called Dark Phoenix is
consistent but this movie doesn't exist
in a vacuum exists in a part of a
franchise they fucked up the whole
prequel backstory or soft reboot of the
x-men from the get-go so this whole
franchise is a mess it's probably good
that it's done you could tell you could
tell they're doing their best McAvoy
Fassbender well that's that's a lot of
quality the only one who's really
showing her disdain for being the Hearst
Jennifer Lawrence yes so what we wear
matching costumes and smile and pictures
well that's the whole mystique character
originally the idea is that she looks
the way she does she can transform into
a normal human but she doesn't shouldn't
have to I hear she's just constantly
Jennifer Lawrence because she didn't
want to put on the blue makeup she looks
miserable with the blue makeup on yeah
to the point early on and some of the
early scenes I thought that that was
either a stand-in hmm who looked like
her close enough to wear the makeup and
then they 80-yard her voice or it was a
CG face
that's her attitude of the whole movie
we're just talking to like Xavier she's
just completely mean - I mean obligated
yeah well it's a it's to be fair to her
like when she did that first one first
class she was like a nobody yeah and
then she kind of blew up but now she's
like a pretty big-name actress and she's
like oh fuck I gotta wear this blue shit again
no pun intended
are you sure about that but in the if
we're looking at this movie in a vacuum
I didn't really like what they did with
Xavier because I know that opening scene
establishes Jean Grae a little kid your
parents are in the front she's using her
powers to change the radio station she
causes a car crash and I was like oh
okay this is establishing that the
Phoenix has always been with her and
she's always had this dark side and
that's what Xavier is trying to repress
but I guess he's just repressing a
traumatic experience that a normal
person would have it just seems very odd
xavier got the shaft in this yes I'll
explain why because everyone was yelling
at him he did nothing wrong
he's the only one keeping this shit
together when Jennifer Lawrence is like
like the the men never the women always
have to save the man I was like he's in
a fucking wheelchair to save all of you
people what are you talking about he's
doing this bus too like that's why I
loved that opening scene when they go up
and rescue the astronauts I that was
very x-men he's like I like that stuff
all on the x-men it's the president and
then little sequencer Nightcrawler is
jumping in grabbing the astronauts and
they rescue everybody I was like this is
fun and then they get and that that's
that's everyone's using their power for
specific uses right that's what they
work as a team you know this that was
always the theme of x-men as teamwork
unless you're Wolverine excuse me I'm
"Excuse me, I'm Erik Lehnsherr.
"Charles Xavier."
"Go fuck yourself."
yourself and Xavier has basically kind
of achieved his dream of running a
school working alongside human beings
and then Jean Grae gets infected with
the violent space alien and everyone
blames him yeah for not being able to
control her and for also having the gall
to control her yes and he's like I just
wanted I was like just shout from the
hilltops
James McAvoy she's got a fucking space alien
in here I have nothing to do with it
everybody there's an evil space creature
in her his
divest it got a little dramatic and Josh
car accident to parents yeah no she's
fine
everything was fine until a space alien
came yeah so well that that's why I like
the idea of I mean I know it wouldn't be
true to the comics but like that opening
scene I thought was hinting that she's
always had this darker side and that's
right
Xavier is trying to repress but the fact
that that's not the case makes Xavier
look like a dick for just repressing the
fact that her dad's still alive and
those traumatic events it's a little
muddled it's very muddled and that was
that cross and that's the entire premise
of movies so that's a problem I thought
in terms of of telling a smaller scale
story that felt like television I mean
TV shows look like they have bigger
budgets now I enjoyed that someday we're
going to get Marvel level x-men battles
and and we know we will I'm saying I
don't know if I want plan right that's
why I was there's a lot of things in
this that I preferred like I mentioned I
think in this particular story you need
at least one kind of larger scale event
to happen like yeah if you're looking at
it from a story perspective yeah I'm
kind of looking at it from this movie's
not exhausting yes kind of like a
simpler x-men storyline yeah when
they're all fighting in front of Jean
Grey's dad's house that was great yeah I
like that little secret it all these
x-men movies always have always feel a
little reserved in terms of goings too
far over the top with the action yeah
well and they never want the the villain
of the week route that all these other
big combo movies do it's always just
about the kind of conflict between
Xavier and Magneto and I like Magneto
and this probably more than any other
movie I just loved his like angle I love
that beast went rogue there it was it
was it had a lot of darkness in it and
like kind of the end of an era
which it is yeah because mystique was
wanting to leave they're questioning you
know whether or not all the fame and
stuff was appealing to Xavier is vanity
or
he really was trying still trying to
achieve his dream which that was weird
too because I was like I don't think
there was anything in any of the other
movies to hint at anything like that
that kind of came out of nowhere but
that was that's that's where Mystique's
character is it's not a soldier
she's not a cyclops who's just follows
orders right she's more of a lone wolf
kind of character which is why she
always gravitated towards being a bad
guy yeah and so you know this all those
elements are in play and I thought it
was very serviceable and enjoyable
I enjoy x-men movie I enjoyed the Train
action scene at the end because it was
just on a train right did you know that
entire thing was reshot so I think maybe
the original ideas they were supposed to
go up into space with Jessica Chastain
and her group aliens whatever those guys
are and then she turns into Laser lady
and saves the day
III don't know for sure but I know that
entire ending is a reshoot mm-hm
and it's the most exciting part of the
movie I guess we won't talk about the
dreadlock guy of a goofy character yeah
his mutant powers is dreadlock yes
dreadlocks that can whip around I guess
I don't know pick a couple of cooler
henchmen although all the bad guys in
this movie that Jessica Chastain and all
of her henchmen they were all weak the
Groot aliens yeah they were yeah and
that was a budgetary thing it's like now
that it looks like people yeah I should
have been aliens and like big battle
armor they sure look like the like I
said the entire runny-nosed reshoot so
maybe the original ending of the movie
was more grand who knows you know I've
been funny if it was it was all reshot
and and they were actors wearing like
those those dot suits the motion capture
yeah like they're the green spandex on
with like mocap dots and like a head
thing like an eye and and and they said
they try to pass it off as their their
alien uniforms
there's like one off-camera 80-hour line
that mentions that they have stay
certainly have weird alien costumes that
have been so awesome but as far as the
little I'm like the little set piece was
magneto pulls the subway car out of the
ground and oh yeah I was thinking of
Ghostbusters cuz it's in New York and
like the ground breaks open but like
he's much it feels like a TV show cuz
that whole scene it is in New York but
it's just unlike this tiny Street set
it's very small scale and I was I was
fine with that I was fine with the N
taking place just on a train and I still
some day I will hope to see the full
extent of Professor Xavier powers and
during that whole battle all he could do
was concentrate on one character at a
time and just sort of distract them
momentarily
yeah when really he could just stop
everyone from moving or make them all
kill themselves
the ability to do like much greater
things but he doesn't so that's that's a
storytelling problem where you're like
well then we don't have a movie yeah it
is it is that's why they got Captain
Marvel out of Avengers I'm game for most
of it
she's all-powerful she can kill all
these peoples with just just fly through
and kill everybody in a second she's got
to go do something on another planet
cool I like this movie okay I don't hate
it I don't think it wasn't schlock bad
like now enjoyed it on that I think that
was my it was very bland it felt a
little dated you know maybe 10 15 years
old it felt kind of like that Fantastic
Four movie with Jessica Alba oh this is
much better than no no it's about
production Wow okay where's like there's
a little set piece yeah on the Golden
Gate Bridge oh yeah it's not a Marvel
movie no it's not a Russo brothers
Marvel movie and that's fine that this
was the stuff I liked in this movie was
when it was just like the x-men working
as a team and you know like the opening
scene in space the the stuff on the
train was fun
when Nightcrawler just like goes fucking crazy
and starts murdering people like
that's fight of all that it's a lot of
the connecting stuff and like the way
they treat the Xavier character throwing
they threw Xavier under the bus yes more
or less
so that they could cross their fingers
and hope because because they set it up
for potential potential sequel territory
because they renamed the school like the
oh yeah the Jean Grey the Sun gray
school for the gifted youngsters they
take off xavier name he quits for
failing in his dream just the core of
the x-men
yeah and which and then beast Hank McCoy
takes over as head professor yeah with
the giant picture of a dead woman on his
desk staring at him denying the giant
promotional still yeah but so there's
that but you know Fassbender top-notch
what's-his-face McAvoy McAvoy is always
good everybody's good and then now
you've yeah yeah yeah you burned through
these property is so fast
you you cannot do this this Dark Phoenix
shit anymore
at least not for twenty more years this
is the second time they've done it
you've got you did you did apocalypse I
feel like I know the the Logan movie
like that was the you know that was the
Wolverine movie but that to me kind of
felt like the end of this whole era of
it and then oh and then we also have
this movie or big fight and train at the
end this almost feels like an
afterthought I'm still waiting for us to
get another x-men origins movie there's
rumors of a Tatum Channing Channing
Tatum Oh gambit I think that's long dead
it's all along dead now everything in
the world is owned by Disney monopoly
where where one company owns every
property people are excited because now
the x-men can be in a Marvel movie I
heard
just a couple days ago Disney also
bought Hasbro oh so they now own the
monopoly on monopoly so Mike sounds like
you would recommend Dark Phoenix I loved
it
it's ok you know it's we don't have
movies anymore that are just okay where
it's like okay for a movie to be okay
you talk about like oh I watched this
movie it was on cable the other day it
was okay I enjoyed watching it while it
was on cable every movie has to be
fucking amazing now and both of these
movies are okay ish they they they did
their job Godzilla was a Godzilla movie
yeah Godzilla fought other monsters and
humans kind of ran around and helped the
plot along yeah it was serviceable it
provided what it promised it didn't
annoy you and it was an obnoxious yeah
and didn't didn't make you want to kill
yourself and and there was care taken
with the monsters which is the most
important part yes and and x-men we've
got to see the x-men doing their thing
there's a little Jean Grey Dark Phoenix
storyline magneto was in it I got to see
Cyclops fight magneto I'm a sucker for
x-men schlock
[Laughter]
now earlier in the show I was a little
upset about us not getting an invite to
the soft open oh sure sure the the VCR
Hall of Fame Museum and I just want to
say nobody told me you know to apologize
for my outburst about being really
fucking mad about not being invited to
the VCR Hall of Fame opening I just want
to make it clear nobody nobody told me
from lightning-fast VCR corporate that I
have to apologize for that but you know
I was just I was just impatient
let's same passion anger is not the best
word impassioned because you and I are
at the forefront of VCR repair and you
know they don't invite us and I wasn't
asked by anyone to apologize but you
know when that museum opens I'm not
going that museum can go fuck itself and
I know this is an apology for the
outburst earlier this is an apology but
we were in the right we were in the
right to be upset so it's not really an
apology lightning-fast VCR repair this
Mike Tim wants you to talk about the VCR
repair Museum
