Apr 28, 2019
Avengers: Endgame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAni8PwSvSA
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1122482254620573697
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156366899682634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-avengers-endgame

Half in the bag.
Movie theaters are like the inside of a dumpster.
thanos part 2 chronicles the further
adventures of Thanos a purple nutsack
man that tried to do the universe a
favor by wiping out half of the
population some ingrates and silly
costumes tried to stop him for some
reason what a bunch of assholes
what a bunch of a-holes
bring on the mass genocide daddy Thanos
all we're doing with our time here
anyway is posting pictures of tacos and
shit on Instagram Mike what did you
think of Avengers end games
Avengers end game was it good yes was it
great was it as good as infinity war
nope was it a satisfying conclusion to
the 10 years of Marvel movies sure it's
not as good as infinity war infinity war
is is very has a much cleaner narrative
and this movies kind of a bunch of
different movies which helps the three
hour runtime every every act is like a
new movie which which helps but as far
as like a cohesive narrative not so much
and before getting into spoilers I have
what I liked a lot of it but I have one
big gripe and it's kind of a major one
which was a list of great okay well bye
my major one is is the resolution of
dealing with Thanos I I did not find it
satisfying
and is very underwhelming without
getting the spoilers I can't say much
now odds a spoiler spoilers because
everyone was pissed about endgame
spoilers that was a trending thing on
Twitter don't spoil one game hushed uh I
will say going into this I wasn't
spoiled I didn't see any spoilers I know
maybe it was refreshing - nice Thank You
Internet yeah people did a pretty good
job but also like after infinity war
which end so dark and open where like I
was like I have no idea where the next
movie's gonna go and that was kind of
refreshing for one of these comic book
movies where it's like most of the the
standard just like the standalone movies
you're like they're all basically a
variation on the same story right so
it's nice what this one was like I
legitimately have no idea where it's
gonna go
maybe time-travel cuz I got the stone
time stone although the time-travel mr.
movie doesn't even relate to the time
stone it doesn't which was interesting
and kind of fun it's hard to talk much
about this movie without getting into
spoilers yeah as a list of not gripes
let me correct that I have a list of
questions okay which may or may not have
answers are they time-travel related no
I left those out because they dealt with
that in the movie spoilers there's
time-travel in the movie I think lots of
us knew that Mark Ruffalo poo-poos any
ideas of like the the grandfather
paradox and things of that nature like
Bill and Ted's you know excellent
adventure when they we got a hide-a-key
in the bush yeah so that later our
future selves can find it can affect
it's it's typical confusing time-travel
nonsense a reference other time-travel
movies you back to the future and you
know movies like that and then they
basically say ignore all those rules
yeah we're making up our own and they're
just as nonsensical but whatever and
that's okay that's right they're just
like don't think about that
yeah let's that scene in Austin Powers
how could I have been unthought in the
nineties and traveled back to oh now
I've gone cross-eyed I suggest you don't
worry about this sort of thing and just
enjoy yourself
that goes for you all it was messy but
kind of in a good way where there was
all these pieces smeared all over the
place and I don't know it wasn't like
like I said a cohesive narrative
infinity war cohesive narrative yeah and
game still good movie but all over the
place yeah and that led to lots of
different unexpected things yes yeah
yeah you weren't sitting there going
okay now here's the part where they have
a no so here's the part well they they
subvert your expectations right away
when the fucking cutoff man was his head
in the first ten minutes right which I
almost wished that that was it for
Thanos and Iceman might be I thought and
then the rest of the movie is them
trying to figure out how to reset the
timeline so locations ensue yeah I'm or
a different villain emerges to take fan
osis place to kind of like he wants
stopped them for his own gain or
something yeah I would have been fine
with no main villain wish I would have
been completely okay with that and
that's my biggest problem of the movie
is Thanos because we get Thanos from the
Past ends up being the main villain for
this which means he's essentially a
different character he doesn't have the
the experience or he's not the one this
version of Thanos is not the one that's
responsible for the snap in the last
movie so it's almost like they're
dealing with a different villain and
that kind of takes away from a lot of
the weights of what Thanos did at the
end of the previous movie so that that's
my biggest gripe with the movie is the
the the dramatic stakes are lessened by
the fact that this is not it is Santos
but it's not really thin os-- yeah I
would agree with you there
I was kind of like okay now if the
analyst is hip to what's going on and
now he's kind of coming in as the bad
guy the first I don't know how you
structured this film I guess that would
be an act it's got a three act structure
so first chunk when they do their thing
where they kind of like okay what where
we what are we going to do we can jump
through time time now right there are
three Infinity stones in New York
roughly at this time period there's two
over here and there's one over here
making six let's go get them let's back
to the future to it let's back to the
future to it we're gonna
lit up into teams and and I was like hey
this is kind of like an adventurous
heist movie I would have liked that idea
stretched much further because we
discover their plan as it's happening
because they all go okay everybody knows
their missions let's go and they're well
we're running ok the mission was this
wait what was the mission it's happening
now oh the mission was this this is like
in example the first Ocean's eleven
movie they practice I think I've
referenced this recently cuz that's a
great movie and it's really really solid
heist movie yeah um
the safe in the Bellagio has lasers on
the floor we have to get a Chinese
Acrobat in through this little tiny
hatch we have to steal sneak him in
through a money cart the whole movie is
them planning it basically or yes and
it's like here's our plan in detail and
if one thing goes wrong everything falls
apart yeah and I didn't know their plan
I mean you understand what their goal is
but like a way to accomplish it is kind
of brushed it and so when there's
complications in the plan and I don't
know what the plan is it deflates a
little of the excitement of what's
happening because I was like I know they
have to get that tesseract but I don't
really know what they're doing
yeah it's fun it's fun but here comes
Stannis
well that's the second act of the movie
you're talking about the first act is
wallowing and misery which I enjoyed
of course you did well know it I think
it makes the ending more satisfying cuz
it's like the ending of infinity war
you're kind of left everybody's just
like completely in shock and then the
movie comes to credits and so this movie
like it really lets you kind of see how
everybody's been dealing with us where
the world is it's almost
post-apocalyptic when they have a man
walking around the streets and like no
one's been picking up the garbage and
like all that stuff where it's like this
is where we're at and it so it gives a
little more weight to once they start
trying to correct everything so it's
like it has that where it's like okay
we're gonna take our time but the
problem with that is
then when you get to the time travel
stuff they rushed through the setup for
that speaking of time travel I'd be
remiss in my duties if I didn't bring up
Star Trek so the Star Trek Voyager
series finale opens on the the USS
Voyager landing on earth and as we all
know the entire series has been the ship
trapped in the Delta Quadrant trying to
get back home which would take about 60
or 70 years 60,000 space lie miles but
at the end it's in the future
it took them 23 years to get home and
then we flash forward 10 years after
that they get home but at a great cost
along the way sometimes seven of nine
dies Chakotay dies of a broken heart
Captain Janeway stands over his grave
and says I'll avenge you when I'm
through
things might be better for all of us
Tuvok had a mental condition which she
was unable to treat all those years in
the Delta Quadrant cuz he didn't have
the proper medicine just back on earth
so he gets the the Vulcan equivalent of
Alzheimer's oh my he's insane and so
Captain Janeway is very dissatisfied
with how things have turned out are you
familiar with a drug called chronic
saline we've been testing it at
Starfleet medical to determine if it can
protect biomatter from tachyon radiation
she seeks out the doctor to give her an
experimental medication which will allow
her to time travel she discovers a
brilliant Klingon scientist who was who
has built a time travel machine in the
past the Voyager crew discovered a
cluster of wormholes that appeared to be
hundreds of distinct sources that was in
the hub of a bunch of Borg ships it was
like a nest a Borg hub and there are
millions of wormholes that the Borg used
to shoot all over the galaxy and so in
the future after all these people had
died and Jane we had this kind of like
this this future sucks I want to go back
in time and fix it she steals the
Klingons time travel device
this will do just fine uses the PIM
molecule to protect her from time travel
and then travels back in time and tells
her younger self look I'm gonna armor up
the ship with future technology that
will make you impervious to the Borg
then you could take this ship and fly
through that wormhole and get everybody
home 23 years earlier and all these
people don't have to die and then
younger Captain Janeway is like no well
I'm still me and this is still my ship
so no more talk about what's going to
happen until I decide otherwise I'm
younger more moral Captain Janeway an
older more bitter more cynical Captain
Janeway kind of expected her to do that
so she double-crosses her and sacrifices
herself to the evil Borg Queen and says
luckily can have a cake and eat it too
you guys fly through the wormhole and
I'll blow up the fucking Borg hub
so that the evil Borg Queen can't get it
just like the annals can't get that that
Infinity Gauntlet their plan works
Captain Janeway and everybody return
shoot they fly and Earth and then the
giant exploding Borg cube to a fleet of
starships that come to meet them to
fight the Borg just like all the
superheroes came and bought the the
Thanos and all these bad guys and the
name of this final episode of Star Trek
Voyager and game and game is it actually
that's pretty fucking amazing
Jay am I
suggesting this was plagiarized by the
duffer brothers I mean I mean the
writers of Star Trek discovery I mean
the Russo brothers way did you mention
Star Trek Discovery
[Music]
you
but does that final episode of Star Trek
Voyager have a a tact on completely
pointless cameo from a character that
they just shoved in there for no reason
Oh captain Marvel's appearance in this
was almost comical she shows up at the
beginning she says like one word she's
like hi I'm here and then she's like I
got to go bye she had to go and try to
remove all those press junket videos
over off YouTube that's kind of open
with this like Doctor Strange you know
in his own movie is like whatever but I
really liked him an infinity war yeah so
it's kind of hoping they pull through
with Captain Marvel in this or it's like
okay I like her now but she has nothing
to do I think the Russos didn't know
what to do with her unless Captain
Marvel was super integral with the fan
OHS storyline in the comics to where it
would have been like riots and the
streets if they didn't include her if
they didn't include her but and then and
then in this she shows up at the
beginning she helps Tony Stark fly the
guardians of the galaxy ship back to
earth and then she's like I got to go
and then we have a booty went back to
his home planet moment yes I have to go
now my planet needs me and I want to
talk about that that's one of my my
questions um and then she comes back at
the end and as laser lady shoots through
Thanos his big ship and blows it up and
crashes it yeah and then literally a
minute later Tony Stark puts on the
Infinity Gauntlet and smokes everyone
hmm Captain Marvel could have just
zipped around and smoked everyone so it
deflates Tony Stark's sacrifice almost
entirely by her even being involved in
the story yeah whatsoever and they're
there and that's a nice segue into my
first question okay and these aren't
gripes these are questions they may have
answers
so if you know the answer keep it to
yourself separately don't care
Captain Marvel brings Tony Stark ship
lands and says hey I'm Captain Marvel
and nobody really cares yeah it's kind
of interesting they're not like who
let's say they just they had to put her
in yeah she's just sort of standing
there yeah it's already bizarre I like
this one there's there's a mild
earthquake somewhere and someone says
there's earthquakes happening and then I
think it's the lady from Black Panther
the bald lady and she's like it's
happening all over the world it's also
happening on other planets ever since
Dennis did his thing and then Carol
Danvers aka Captain Marvel says I gotta
go look into this well why don't you
stay here says Thor or somebody and
she's like there's a thousand other
worlds out there and I got I got to go
check into this shit and then she leaves
yeah never brought up again this
earthquake problem maybe that's another
movie I don't know it looks like we need
a reason for Captain Marvel to fly away
and leave the movie until the very end
what could be more important than saving
50 percent of all life known to exist in
the universe yeah I get the universe is
a big place and there are other problems
that Captain Marvel has to go
investigate but I was like you what yeah
what and and mind you these aren't
Promethean level questions oh no these
are just a couple of little questions I
was hoping if they would expand on her a
bit in this movie and make her a little
more interesting but instead they were
just like get her out of the movie her
only definition is sassy mm-hmm and like
Stark is sassy but there's so much more
going on with Stark
yeah and that's that's one of the things
I did like about the movie was that all
those personal resolutions with a lot of
the characters yeah Thor with his mother
or start with his dad that's all the
stuff that really worked with the movie
I've never cared this much about Captain
America right he was he was great in
this
they really he wasn't he was
underutilized and infinity work well
that I mean infinity war was the Thanos
movie that was his story and so now like
that's been told it's an hour it's
really focused more on the original kind
of core Avengers characters and and
wrapping up a lot of their stuff and all
that was handled really well all the all
the emotional kind of closures were good
yeah yeah that stuff is is the heart of
the film you can overlook the technical
details but some technical details I was
just kind of confused on another
question Thanos is a big pretty tough
guy when we first see Thanos an infinity
war they they bring out the Hulk but
Thanos is able to beat up the Hulk and
then when they're fighting Thanos on
Titan at the end he has four out of six
Infinity stones and he's fighting
everybody and there's they still managed
to stop him and then Tony Stark even
holds his own against Thanos pretty well
enough to draw blood that for a drop of
blood but ultimately is defeated by
Thanos and that's that I was holding for
Infinity stones on earth Thanos has zero
Infinity stones and is able to take on
Thor Captain America and Iron Man at the
same time yeah and even Captain Marvel
for a little bit until he grabs the
Power Stone and punches her
I thought danos was just a big strong
purple guy with the stones he's
virtually indestructible right without
them he's just a big strong purple guy
and a big strong purple guy versus Thor
alone and versus all three would just
die well that's why I like I said I
think this would have worked better if
Thanos was just out of the movie I know
how strongest Thanos supposed to be
could not live with your own failure so
this film end game opens with Hawkeye
teaching his daughter how to shoot
arrows having a happy family picnic
outside and then without being too
graphic and showing it his family turned
to dust
it's very tastefully done it tastes
really done it's daytime and Thanos when
he snapped his fingers he was in Wakanda
in Africa and it was also daytime why
wasn't it nighttime in the US because
they wouldn't be having a happy family
picnic at night
so once the Avengers collect all the
Infinity stones they use an Iron Man
hand to attach them all to hmm which
works so why did Thanos go through all
that trouble to have Peter Dinklage the
dwarf smelter harnessed the power of the
Sun yeah they make a big deal out of
that an infinity war in order to forge a
very special unique gauntlet almost as
powerful as Thor's hammer yes to wield
the Infinity stones when iron man's hand
could do it which is just a simple earth
mechanism again I don't have the answer
somebody help they're mine again not
complaining I guess that one's a little
bit of a complaint because I know why
it's like what do we do well yeah we
can't go back to urban whatever Peter
Dinklage's plays Peter Dinklage's place
and reforged another gauntlet and come
back to that scene again yeah that's
that's a grape I have is they redo the
scene from infinity war with Thanos and
Gomorrah when he sacrifices her they do
that exact same scene basically with
Hawkeye and black widow but it's just so
it's so visually similar it's not like
like it's fun to see them go back into
the previous movies and go like into the
original Avengers movie like that
stuff's fun but like we just saw this an
infinity war so they have the same sort
of setup the same looking scene
and this is not a complain fest no I
mean well the thing is the movies got
somebody solid things in it that this
stuff sticks out more infinity war is
like it's that movie is like a miracle
that that works so well if any Wars Tyee
yeah this this movie is it's super
entertaining there's lots of great
moments but we'll talk about those we'll
talk about those to it but first we're
gonna finish our gripes the complaints
and grievances in the space you better
not throw up on my ship
Cancer America's Ark lovely he says I'm
done being camped in America I'm just
gonna live as Steve Rogers yeah
I've been I've been alone and out of
time and out of place for all these
years now I'm gonna go back and live the
life I should have with with my ladies
so I'm assuming Steve Rogers and his
lady lived out their normal life while
all the Avengers action was happening
yes
which probably created some problems or
it's like he had to just like Captain
America that travels back in time and
then lives his life out with Peggy
Carter all the events from all the
previous movies are still happening
because he can't affect that he can't
change that so it's like it is he just
has to like sit back and watch while
like the shield gets taken over by Hydra
and all these horrible examples until no
the dangerous spots to avoid that's true
because you want to go into New York
City today we stay home and Netflix and
chill so okay that's that's my question
there and then Anthony Mackie aka the
Falcon goes and talks to him and then
Captain America basically dons him as
the new Captain America here's my shield
but Anthony Mackie is not biologically
altered super soldier now I think he's
just a guy with a with a falcon suit yes
by now he's going over the Falcon suit
and a shield would he politely decline
the ship and say I've got the Falcon
suit yeah which would protect my head
and chest well I'm wondering if that is
just a little cuz there's a couple
things in this where it's like little
nods of where I think the future of this
franchise is gonna go yeah he's gonna be
the new Captain America valkyrie is
gonna be the new or the thor basically a
v-mail Thor yeah but none of these
characters are terribly interesting like
it doesn't make me excited for the
future of Marvel movies and potentially
Thor will be part of the guardians of
the galaxy that's the only thing I'm
like hey I'm okay
with them he is fun with them an
infinity war comes worth is this is an
incredibly talented comedian I think at
some point along the line they figured
that out because they cast him is Thor
probably cuz he's like he's big and
hunky and then somewhere along the lines
of making these movies they're like oh shit
he's actually funny let's give him
more and more comedic stuff to do which
reaches its apex with this movie as fat
Thor Thor who I think there was a thing
when infinity war came out there was
like people on Twitter or whatever like
thirsting for Thanos they're like vanos
is hot that became a thing so I have a
feeling in the wake of this movie fat
Thor will be a thing
[Music]
[Music]
that's it on my questions and I thought
the Tony Stark conclusion was great the
ending of the three of them the the core
Avengers you could say Thor Captain
America and Iron Man fighting
Thanos great and Tony Stark
sacrifice and death I was thinking about
that during the big CGI battle with
hundreds of thousands of characters in
this and it's thinking back to the first
Iron Man movie now the conclusion of
that is like Jeff Bridges awkwardly CG
into a robot suit and that's look at it
it just feels so quaint oh sure
all good things yes which was the title
of the final episode of Star Trek The
Next Generation look at that yeah in the
last episode of Star Trek Enterprise
know what that was called Thanos it was
called Thanos and the Infinity Gauntlet
oh my god that was nobody pointed this
out before that was about a purple space
monster trying to collect all six
infinity gems from around the universe
really said no more surprises I was
really hoping to pull off one last move
I feel a great sense of of relief as a
conclusion to what this has kind of
become over little over ten years of
making these movies this is a wonderful
conclusion the great shot at the end
during Tony Stark's funeral where
characters are awkwardly awkwardly CG it
into one continuous shot wait a minute
did you look that up I didn't but I have
a feeling that they did not get
everybody together see that that's
that's my cynical brain as like as well
as as I'm watching that shot and I'm
like wow this is impressive this is
impressive they did this old-school
style the really got one long take you
know it's that it's that shot at the end
of Titanic when the Rose dies that she
goes through the doorways and all the
characters are there and they move up
the stairs and there's Jack Dawson by
the clock I'm just picturing them
filming like Jon Favreau on a green
screen yeah yeah
that motion controlled camera it
slightly simulated like that Steadicam
and look and it's kind of going through
and it's just on this like robot rig it
took 48 days to shoot it Sam Jackson's
coming in but he can only be here for
six minutes Michael Douglas was there
right it's crazy how many people like
not just celebrities but like legitimate
movie stars show up in this movie for
five seconds like Robert Redford shows
up which is funny because he was in a
movie last year called the old man and
the gun and that was like a big deal of
being like his final performance like
he's retiring from acting it's like oh
no and then they just gave him a big
check to show up for those two but as a
you know I guess you could call it
fanservice all the little cameo is Tilda
Swinton but but it's all kind of in
service of what's happening and it's
actually fun it's not just remember this
it's like it's affecting the story and
all the the back to the future to stuff
of interacting with the previous movies
it's it's goofy and fun yeah well it's
not only part of the story but it's all
part of the the lineage or legacy of all
the films yeah for it so that's a nice
way to write that's like it's like the
it's like the final episode of Star Trek
The Next Gener--
And if any franchise has earned that
it's these fucking Marvel movies
I mean it's a
testament to how well they've they've
done this whole cinematic universe thing
every other franchise or studio that's
tried it is like failed horribly less
their entries than others you know but
overall all quality films in in the
category of superheroes right except for
those guardians of galaxies movies those
stand out they're a little different
they're not they're not just good for
superhero movies like I legitimately
like those movies a lot fun comedy
sci-fi adventure yeah and these last two
Avengers movies I would put in that
category two good things the Marvel
movies over the years well not only
talking about endgame but we're all
talking about closing down this entire
cinematic universe wrapping up I should
say too wrapping up this start
with phase seven I would if they start
this next phase and it's not nearly as
successful as all these previous ones
then they'll be like we're bringing back
Iron Man Tony Stark's daughter now I
found one of the issues for me though
would be reestablishing the new threats
that haven't been done before yeah you
can't get bigger than fan oh that that's
what was the most like surprising and
satisfying about these last two Avengers
movies is how interesting phantos turned
out to be that was the real shot because
they kept awake hinting at him in the
previous movies and he was never it's
like I was just a big purple space guy
whatever but then giving him the depth
that they did an infinity war it's like
wow that was legitimately surprising
yeah and then the end of this movie
which is just like chaos of all these
characters this big epic kind of Lord of
the Rings style battle it's like yeah
you're gonna have to really take your
time to build up another threat but what
are you gonna do that you got to start
from from the ground up and and that's
kind of one of the things I want to talk
about when we do when rich and I do our
Star Trek Discovery is is is called
rapid burnout and that happened with the
JJ Abrams Star Trek films which I
predicted almost immediately because
like then you blow up planets yeah
multitudes of planets in your first
movie and you do like these fifty and
fifty thousand Starfleet ships just
obliterated by the Shia and then you
burn it too fast it burns out well
that's whatever those DC movies - yeah
the Man of Steel movie and then they
were immediately like Batman and
Superman in Justice League and discovery
I mean I don't know it shit the bed so
badly at the end of the season where
it's like you want to talk about crazy
you you do something too quickly
it burns out that's why the Fano
storyline was so satisfying because it
literally took ten years to get to and
it was kind of like hinted and planned
out from the very GetGo
we're gonna work all the way up to this
Thanos and and and power stones from the
universe that control everything you
don't do that in your first movie you
know what I mean
yeah so it's like if they do reformat
and re reassemble the Avengers into all
new characters whether or not it's
someone else playing Captain America and
this or that you got to start at the
ground up and it's kind of hard to go
back our new villain in camp in the
Avengers New Avengers that's what I'll
call the New Avengers is Wiz reloj
[Laughter]
your ear lobes into grapefruits
oh no oh we defeated Wiz row and then
the Avengers just destroy him in an
instant and then the movie ends
okay we've dealt with Thanos can we just
get to the next big villain
[Music]
so Mike would you recommend avengers'
une game absolutely I think upon some
extra views of this I will probably like
get more out of it's for three hours it
certainly did not feel its length which
is just good well like I said each act
kind of feels like a its own little
movie the first act is the dour
depressing living with this disaster
second act is fun Back to the Future 2
goofy stuff Captain America fights
himself which was fun surprisingly
little action until the finale that
restraint is sort of interesting there
wasn't expecting that but it was saved
other cash for the yet as a good amount
of funny
despite the subject matter being kind of
depressing and we've got a save
everybody yeah yeah your your your stamp
of trademark Marvel humor is still there
Thoris of The Big Lebowski I don't think
anyone was expecting lads negative the
movie going into places you wouldn't
think and that's the thing it's like
yeah you if you don't read spoilers if
you just go into this kind of as a
sequel to infinity war that goes in all
sorts of weird wacky directions and and
I found that particular aspect of it the
most enjoyable yeah III my eyes glazed
over for the big battle at the end of
course and you know which is the the
porn that everyone's looking for but
that's yeah I was just like yeah I
enjoyed a lot of it it didn't have the
kind of there's lots of great little
moments during the big epic battle at
the end of infinity war so it's like
it's not quite as satisfying as the
action and an infinity war it was
exciting when when all the Doctor
Strange portals started opening up in
all these characters that's like I said
like the first act the first like hour
of the movie is so like depressing and
and miserable or it's like once you get
to that point at the end when people
start coming back it feels earned so
even though the actual fighting is a
little like guys glaze over a little bit
but that initial reveal of all the
characters showing off is like oh this
is great but but after this I I'm I'm
taking a fan o vacation I'm not yeah I'm
gonna go sit out
the farm and look at the sunset kind of
collect big berries and lick my soup
yeah I'm a little Hut huh
until people show up to kill me I'm just
gonna make my soup in my little heart
and hey the new spider-man movies out
hey there yeah so it's time to hang up
our marvel hats and put on our Star Wars
hats as we watch beloved franchises go
down in flavor
I guess that's the best thing you can
say about this movie they don't fuck it up
it's it's not a horrible embarrassing
disaster
