Jul 31, 2019
Once Upon a Time in Hollywood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPR43PhX6PE
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1156566200878604293
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156584214117634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-once-upon-a-time-in-hollywood

Half in the bag.
"And I'm shutting your butt down."
Whoo, it's hot in here.
Did Mr. Plinkett forget to pay the electric bill again?
No, the lights are on.
did mr. blanket forget to pay the
air-conditioning bill that bill is not a
separate bill it would be part of the
electrical bill device is so fucking hot
in here cuz mr. Plunkett forgot to pay
his electrical bill oh okay
what a twist speaking of twists have you
seen the new Tarantino movie Once Upon a
Time in Hollywood I reject your
hypothesis
I'm Rick Dalton it's my pleasure then
mr. Schwartz I'm involving put it there
"That's your son?"
"That's my stunt double, Cliff Booth."
Bonafide spastic-fucking foot weird, Quentin Tarantino is back.
But more importantly this is
Tarantino's most foot filled movie yet
you get Margot Robbie feet you get the
co2 Fanning feet young feet old feet
Manson girl feet there's so many fucking
feet oh there's also some story about
Leonardo di Caprio and Brad Pitt's washed-up
movie careers intersecting with Sharon
Tate and the Manson Family do we see
Sharon Tate's feet you fucking bet we do
before we start real quick I just want
to mention Quentin Tarantino still
shoots on film right yes not a digital
guy yeah how many feet of film do you
think you shot oh my god I feel like we
should end the episode right there it's
like George Costanza like believe it boy
your head get out while you may know
yourself well you're ahead but now I
guess we got to discuss the movie while
we're burning alive because it's fucking
100 degrees in mr. plinkus house yeah
Mike what did you think of once upon a
time in Hollywood I reject your
hypothesis I also reject I also almost
rejected your idea to go see this film I
was like I love Quentin Tarantino movies
but this was 2 hours 40 minutes and like
all Tarantino films just like see here's
the thing what I'm so glad I did I see I
knew that would be the case as I've
mentioned this on their last episode how
it feels like Tarantino is like the last
real filmmaker this is a big release
movie and I think it was like number 2
at the box office not quite number 1 but
still doing well a lot every time a
movie comes out tons of people talk
about them they're about stuff they have
real performances they don't just feel
like like generic you know they're not
Marvel movies or not the sequels and
remakes and I know we talked about
midsummer last time and that's kind of
the same thing but that's a smaller
movie it's a whole
movie big movies that everybody goes in
season talks about the only one left is
Tarantino pretty much and I think that's
worth savoring which is why I'm fine
with his movies being long oh yeah yeah
yeah no I'm glad it was it didn't feel
long at all no and I I was washed over
with like a feeling of profound sadness
the movie the movie not the about the
movie no well no the monthly state of
the world but the movie that kind of
ties in with the movie because a feels
like it's about the end of an era
yes exactly I was gonna say it felt very
meta because here you have I mean if you
want to lump Tom Cruise in there you've
got the last of the big movie stars
yes Brad when Brad Pitt and Leonardo
DiCaprio are starring in a movie
together and it is second to a movie
with CGI lions that you've seen before
yes it's like literally the exact same
movie you've seen before the era of
Hollywood a-list stars is done in my
opinion I don't know it's like I'm sure
there's gonna be other bigger movies
there's other celebrities there's people
that are still in movies that people
like and go see but as far as like
everyone will go see this movie just
because it's a Tom Cruise movie and he
flies a plane no one's talking about the
top gum sequel so on that level there
was there's a meta quality to it and
that's of course what the movie is about
Leo plays who I really liked in this
movie yeah I eventually don't like him
but I thought he was excellent in this
and then Brad Pitt is he's always
charming and and likable and he's never
looked more like Robert Redford Brad
Pitt aging gracefully and still has
class and charm and he's great it's
funny he's kind of reminded me of the
dude there's a little bit of a big
lebowski quality to it but him
especially his character cuz he's just
so like affable and just kind of goes
with whatever he has no like overarching
plan and life he's just kind of like
going along but watching Tarantino make
a movie I mean I'm sure there's people
from Los Angeles and Hollywood that are
just like oh that's that that's this oh
yeah well there's a lot of stuff that
the the night of I mean everyone knows
it's about loosely about you
the Manson Family and the Sharon Tate
murders but that when it's showing like
it's almost like the start of the third
act when it's showing all those signs
lighting up you've got like their
Wienerschnitzel and there's a Taco Bell
even in there so they're like onic Los
Angeles landmarks and all that so you
know this movie would probably speak
more to an LA native than like people
like us but the technical side of
Quentin Tarantino's filmmaking is just
like it's so like pure yes and I
remember watching I don't remember what
the movie was okay but I remember
watching a recent movie that that took
place in like Hollywood in like the
1970s or whatever right and then there's
there's like one shot and you know
there's like a stop sign and the rest of
it is like digitally met okay and then
the rest is inside he has like a hundred
period cars and he's driving down nine
fucking billboards everyone real and
it's not rear-projection like driving in
a car you can tell they're really out
there with a rig there's so much shots
of people driving cars in this movie and
that's the part of it is yeah just to
show off the the scenery yeah there's
there's just like this just takes a
moment and says Brad Pitt's gonna drive
his car around yeah for five minutes
just enjoy it as as we see out the other
side of his window just all this fucking
detail on the streets that we we set up
now just for these shots and it's just
like great and there's no it's not rear
screen it's not I mean I'm sure there
was some digital effects to fix things
here or there but you've a very minor I
know it's John Dykstra at credit at the
end for visual effects I know they did
digitally insert Leo into the rate of
scope briefly so there's things like
that but as far as like the backgrounds
and the billboards and stuff like none
of that's nothing stuck out is snart
official no I was saying as some of the
building facades when they show the old
like Columbia Pictures had had office oh
yeah you sure I think the Fox live yes
like a panther with Fox on it
what what was real and what wasn't there
I'm not sure but you tell a lot of care
was taken to really recreate 1969 Los
Angeles
as real as it could look is that
richness to the cinematography to all
these places feel lived in the Manson
girls have like pimples and greasy hair
like everything just felt so like lived
in on an authentic that nasty ranch Span
ranch yeah yeah but the only thing I
think I didn't like was the inserting
Leo into the movie felt a little Forrest
Gump II felt a little out of place place
because there's lots of like Family Guy
s quick cut flashbacks like a gag on
Family Guy obviously they're not all
gags but there are lots of like
someone's talking about something cut to
that thing happening in the past but
when he thought about the Great Escape
he's talking to Timothy Olyphant he's
like Timothy elephant's like weren't you
up for that role that Steve McQueen got
and he seems a little bitter about it
leo does and it just keeps cutting to
him in the movie and yeah it feels a
little like he wasn't in the movie
though so what is this supposed to be
this is a fantasy but that's the only
moment in the movie that's like that
that was a little because I'm ten
minutes later margot robbie goes to the
theater to watch the Sharon Tate movie
yes and it's not her it's actually
Sharon Tate yeah which is bizarre but I
mean it works just contrasting with
putting Leo in that movie yeah and I
guess it would be kind of disrespectful
to Sharon Tate and her memory I guess
because she was murdered and it's
replacing maybe they plan to do that and
then the the Sharon Tate family said no
it's possible I know he had like
Tarantino like openly talked to them
about this movie yeah they wanted to
push the release date back because it
was originally supposed to come out I
want to say in October right around the
time of the actual murders and they're
like can you push this up so he pushed
it up a few months out of respect for
them
I do wish there was more Sharon Tate
stuff in this I reject your hypothesis
you haven't really given her many lines
in the movie and I wondered I guess that
was a deliberate choice on your part and
I just wanted to know why that was that
we don't hear her actually speaking very
much well I just reject your hypotheses
I well there's that whole thing not that
she literally needs more lines of
dialogue like that clickbait Eve
reporters
trying to get out of Tarantino but she
keeps showing up early in the movie she
doesn't really say a lot doesn't do a
lot they go to that party at the Playboy
Mansion and they just have a character
say like here's who she is here's who he
is the green it's Steve McQueen but it
just felt very I don't want to say lazy
because nothing about Tarantino movies
are lazy it just felt like an exposition
dump yeah in a way where it's like
instead of showing their relationships
they literally just say as a guy playing
Steve McQueen saying here's who these
people are but then the moment that kind
of saves it as yeah that whole afternoon
where Sharon Tate's driving around she
goes to the bookstore where clew Gulager
is the bookstore owner which is a
wonderful little cameo girl here who
everybody knows from uninvited he gets
eaten by a mutant barf cat but then she
goes to watch her own movie and it's
like okay now I feel like I know this
character but that's like halfway
through the movie yeah if you spent a
little more time with the the Sharon
Tate character as opposed to I don't
know it seemed like leo and Brad Pitt
the movies felt to me more about Brad
Pitt oh yeah but then leo has this
really extended scenes of him like
working and perfecting his craft and
trying to get back on top a really long
indulgent like like scenes that meet you
know long indulgent scenes is just crazy
does I know usually they're they're
wrought with tension though and there
was a lot of that lost yeah when Brad
Pitt goes to the the Manson family ranch
fucking great that's great that reminded
me a lot of you know most tension-filled
Terrence you know seems like the
inglorious basterds and Nazi comes into
the house yeah it's like sitting at the
dinner table
those great scenes where there's you
know something's wrong and there's some
tension but but the Leo like working as
an actor scenes I don't know
yeah what really tied the movie together
for me is the the final act
that's where everything really
solidified so we could talk about Leos
early scenes and how that connects for
me anyway connects to the later scenes I
guess we should go into spoilers
be sure be sure if you're going to watch
this movie then stop this video now that
you're gonna say if you see this movie
be sure that you know about who Charles
Manson and the Manson family is that too
because I was thinking about that I was
like when you get to the ending of this
movie if you don't know who though if
you're like maybe a younger person you
don't know anything about this to be
like what
why was Margo Roby even in this movie
read up on the Manson murders because
yeah you see Sharon Tate pregnant you
know like oh my god but okay so spoilers
from here on out know what I was going
to say is like I was okay with a lot of
this movie not having tension because
it's not that type of movie until you
get towards the end but it's really like
a love letter to a very specific piece
of Hollywood history which is Tarantino
he loves his character actors he loves
the people that are just sort of like
you know not the super big famous movie
stars but the and which is kind of what
Sharon Tate was you know she was on the
rise up but obviously her career was cut
short tragically but that's why this
movie is filled with like clue Gulu her
shows up for a second and all these
people and so the end of the movie if
you're watching this we're going to
assume you've seen it now is much like
inglorious basterds how it kind of
rewrites history
this tells that in a way that one lets
these innocent people because this is
about the end of an era and it feels
like the end of a more innocent era both
in Hollywood and like the world's like
politically and the Manson Family was
fucking evil and so taking these evil
characters and turning them into a joke
and a farce is like removing all of
their power and I thought that was so
fantastic yeah well yes enjoyable um I
can see it being controversial or some
people saying like oh yeah I mean I
remember thinking holy fuck with the
amount of violence at the end yeah and
at the same time and laughing yes and
it's it's it's it's a twisted little
game Quentin Tarantino has played
because we know what happened with the
Manson murders and you know Sharon Tate
is six seven eight months pregnant and
she gets fucking murdered and three
other people in the house yes and and
it's like he's telling you all that and
he's like he's like Oh Kurt Russell does
a voiceover and kind of explains the
night's events yeah almost like a crime
show I mean at 8:02 p.m. and you're
watching these people next that lived
next door to Leo and you're like wow
yeah but we know people that know like
what happened no I guess if you're not
aware you you are probably finding it
very confusing but it's building up to
that and and just sprinkling Sharon Tate
in throughout the film you know she's
gonna get murdered
it's and then really it's like hidden
rewriting history like he didn't
inglorious basterds yeah I don't like
the Manson Family I don't like what they
did and why don't you all laugh on Brad
Pitt kicks their fucking ass it is
horribly violent and shocking of course
but he portrays them as buffoons at that
point and then Leonardo DiCaprio breaks
out a fucking flamethrower and it's
complete farce at that point why the
need for so much do some graphic
violence why not let us behave is it so
much fun chan get it but it's one it's
it's it's mocking them for being so
fucking vicious and horrible
and it's allowing innocent people to
live its rewriting history where these
young Hollywood people which Tarantino
loves can continue on but in the logic
of the movie they didn't do anything
wrong yet who the Manson Family
yeah well in the logic of the movie they
were to that ad I mean they don't know
it intent to murder they say that
they're gonna murder them sure but they
at that point all they did was break in
and kind of threatened and and I mean
Brad Pitt you know he brutally brutally
bashed the face into that girl and you
could say well who the character was on
acid yeah well sort of an excuse and so
that's why it's controversial because or
probably will be I don't know because
there's so many it's like a what-if
comic book
what if the Manson family like broke
into a different house yes and there is
a a Hollywood stuntman slash warrior are
lucky vicious dog who beat up Bruce Lee
earlier in the film who is on acid but
but has an attack dog well-trained
attack dog yeah it was the sweetest dog
the whole film's until he gave it its
command chopper SiC balls and and then
you you get this like joy watching the
Manson family not achieve what horrific
things are going to do and that yeah
it's like whoa what's going on yeah
loved it
well there's also kind of throws a
monkey wrench into this and I'm not sure
how I feel about it yet we just saw the
movie but there's a backstory to Brad
Pitt's character like yes we're watching
him violently murder the Manson clans
but there's something that they bring up
and they don't really go into too much
detail where they say that he killed his
wife and we kept to a flashback of him
on a boat it seems like a reference to
Natalie Natalie Wood Robert Wagner kind
of a loosely inspired by that very
loosely Natalie Wood no Christopher
Walken though did you know that
apparently Christopher Walken was on
that yeah of course I know that it's
bizarre but I we don't have a zak bagans
haunted museum Jay oh that's right
Natalie Wood died very mysteriously
there's something that isn't out in the
public yet in order for her spirit to be
at rest that's there they got pieces of
the boat there right yes oh yeah and
Jack Baggins recently purchased Sharon
Tate's wedding dress zak bagans you sick
fuck uh but yes so we cut to the splash
back of him and his wife kind of arguing
on this boat he's drinking does he have
a harpoon or was he yeah he's holding
like a harpoon and so you're like oh is
this gonna be an accident what's gonna
happen but then we just cut away and we
don't know what happened and it's not
even really referenced in the rest of
the movie so it's like alright did he
intend to kill his wife was it an
accident the movie is clearly
intentionally not telling us so why is
it not telling us and at the end of the
movie when he kind of takes it upon
himself to stop the Manson Clan save
Leonardo DiCaprio's a new wife and also
Sharon Tate who is
married and his pregnant is a sort of
like a redemption thing because he
accidentally killed his wife or maybe he
really murdered his wife and well
technically Sharon Tate was never in
danger it's interesting it's like you
take these two fictional people played
by Brad Pitt and Leonardo DiCaprio and
they and drop you dropped them into this
fairytale
that's kind of then credits you know
fairytale font and they unintentionally
alter the course of history but but
Manson's ultimate goal I think was to
start a race war yeah that doesn't get
brought up a lot but that was kind of
yeah it was it was like they would you
know rich Hollywood would blame like
they would just assume it was like black
people this is murder yeah I think that
was crazy LSD thinking well yes that was
their whole thing they're all out of
their mind they didn't have a very good
plan but that had a component in it and
so this then sort of their motivation
changes to Hollywood taught us violence
yes it to them yeah that's where yeah
history starts to veer off into an
alternate history where one of the
Manson girls just fucking leaves they're
going to kill Rick Dalton and whoever
else is in that house Uma Thurman's dog
that's yeah Ethan Hardin or Thurman's
daughter and and I know in reality that
didn't happen but she's like oh I forgot
my knife in the car and then she just
drives away it's fine it's fun playing
around with history it's interesting to
talk about the the execution of it is it
brings a lot of different emotions out
of you like I said it like it was
practically a farce but at the same time
it's horrific violence laughing at
horrific violence that happens in a
Quentin Tarantino movie goes back a long
way you saw BC Jan you're all messed up
because you're talking about real life
you want to talk about the movies we'll
talk about the movie let's say I mean
that's always been a discussion around
him but it's like he very clearly falls
on the sight of movie violence is not
real violence which is why movie
violence is fun
so much fun chan yeah and here he is
taking real-world violence taking it out
and moving it over here into movie
violence it's it's fascinating it's
something different it's not spider-man
I love that stuff you know like killing
a lot of Killam yeah obviously we watch
a lot of bigger movies and and I just
like watching this just so even some of
the just the shot choices or some of the
things to include and so many movies are
so calculated and so like by the numbers
and so like a very committee feeling
like oh we go you can't do that yeah
you've got to include this this and this
this has to be this long this you have
to add this for this market you have to
end of it and here you can't ever seen
that's 35 minutes long that is just
establishing that leaner Caprio fucks up
a line of dialogue right line it's just
it's just so nice I was talking about
that with Colin recently we were talking
about how like the the Marvel movies how
they'll have like storyboards for the
big action scenes and like previz done
for it before they even have a script or
a director and I was like why even have
a director anymore just just have a
heavier your producers come up with a
series of sequences they pre visualize
everything hand it off to a crew you
don't need a filmmaker anymore you don't
need a voice to make those movies just
thinking just modern-day politics like
there's a there's a five-minute long
sequence where Brad Pitt is smashing a
woman's face against a brick ledge man
in the house and she really did nothing
hold a knife up to somebody and just
that that but we're informed by what we
really know happens so that's a part of
it outside of that what but my point is
what young filmmaker no sure have the
gall yeah to do that in the political
climate we live in today not that those
things are good that they need to be in
movies but a young artist who wants to
tell a really like
original even fucked up story artistic
story sometimes a story needs to go and
uncomfortable there are times you need
to be challenged or made uncomfortable
in scenes and I don't think I think
that's something that a young filmmaker
I'm gonna make this movie about this oh
no you can't do that yeah because that
might upset people yeah
this studio isn't going to like that
this script will not be approved by all
these people yeah unless you're Quentin
Tarantino I'm fucking Quintin Tarantino
this is my movie yeah and they say all
right do what you want I know I'm gonna
be lighting a single word yeah they'll
baby ease up on the n-word okay well not
even just like violence or things like
that but also just general like story
structure or pacing things like they'll
say you can't have it a 10-minute scene
or the only thing that happens is Brad
Pitt feeds his dog that's like my
favorite scene in the movie
no but you you haven't you haven't
fleshed it out but I it's not my job to
flesh it out no it's my it's my job to
try and ask you see and I'm shutting
your butt down it's one of those things
where it's he and that is a part of the
theme of the movie is just how much
Tarantino loves actors and loves giving
actors like really great material to
work with
yes and savor which is why the scenes
are so long I think I felt also felt
profoundly sad when I saw Pacino not
embarrassing himself in some like direct
to Redbox movie yeah like you have these
great actors that are still around and
there's not really great scripts for
them great material or movies and that's
why I did the cambrian was really good
in this but I'd be curious how someone
else would do in that part because
that's kind of Tarantino's thing he's
done it plenty of times where he takes
like an actor that has maybe washed up
or hasn't done anything good in a while
yeah like like a John Travolta in Pulp
Fiction of course or Jackie Brown with
Pam Grier and gives them like really
great material where it's like hey this
is an actor that hasn't had a chance to
shine boom or are maybe they haven't in
a while and there's that scene in this
where DiCaprio is talking to the little
girl on set of the western show
and he's talking about the book he's
reading and how it's about a guy that
you know it used to be at the top of his
game now he's kind of a husband and he
starts like crying because he's
obviously relating it to his life there
and I was thinking about like the
residents that would have if you had
like an actor that was maybe in that
position in that parts Luke Perry Luke
Perry who shows up in this movie would
have all sad to see him forgot that very
small part but yeah someone like that I
kept thinking of Cameron Mitchell and
watching this yeah it's kind of the
Cameron Mitchell story yeah the guy
who's in westerns and then just kind of
I really liked Leo in this I think like
a different actor though someone who's
less of an a-lister well that's what I
mean because then it would have been
more meta more profound too and he's
talking about blood kind of a husband
yeah Leo is not a husband he's had
nothing but success from without doing
comic book movies though when you look
at the movies at Leo's done they're all
somewhat challenging and interesting in
original movies I'm gonna have to change
my opinion on that man never sold out he
never sold out he could have at any
moment he could have despite his
horrific violence Quentin Tarantino
remains the national treasure because he
makes weird fucked up movies and you
don't know what they're gonna be about
yeah and they kind of touch you in some
way or the other whether or not it's
it's emotional or he laughs at it you
you feel uncomfortably challenges you
you are shocked by what you see you're
engaged intellectually historically
there's something else yeah they're not
a Marvel movie and like it's important
to see movies that are channeled that
challenge you I just had a visual image
of Quentin Tarantino standing on stage
with his phase 5 films just five movies
up there in him go
here's my corporate plan for the next
six years Twenty twenty Twenty twenty
one twenty two twenty twenty three
that's that's the world I want to live
in keep making movies Tarantino I know
you've said you're gonna stop soon but
please don't leave and don't let your
final movie be a fucking Star Trek film
ooh yeah that's uh that's a whole thing
in it I don't think that'll ever happen
that's Tarantino's that's so many random
ideas he's gonna do a third Kill Bill
he's gonna make a movie about the Vega
brothers well he didn't he didn't write
the Star Trek movies
I think it's written he was just gonna
directed which is also not his MO no no
but did you see that quote about him
about JJ Abrams like Tarantino or he's
like fuck that I want to like hug him
what is what is a Kelvin universe yeah
it's like David Lynch like yelling like
with his earpiece in he's like it's a
Calvin universe this Kirk and there's
Spock under this and there's this I
don't know what that crap is that JJ
Abrams's crap Star Trek happened it was
the 60s show and I'm making this I don't
know what that crap is JJ Abrams is
garbage his films are a garbage can that
Kelvin is crap what is that
all right whoops matter partner can I
just say how fun it was to see Leonardo
DiCaprio edited into like shitty Italian
movies oh-ho yes that was a great little
detail to a whole sequence we've seen so
many shitty Italian movies on best the
worst when Leo said I don't want to do a
fucking Italian westerns they're fucking
garbage I hear you leo but yeah
ultimately kind of bittersweet this
movie for me yeah just because like
Italy we said it feel I mean the movies
about the end of an era but it feels
like it's being made at the end of an
era mmm it's interesting that we started
half in the bag like at the the start of
like phase 1 of Marvel movies because it
feels like our show has been the the
documentation of the death of movies and
not that Marvel is the sole cause of the
death of movies or anything but the the
entire landscape of the way movies are
made how they're marketed how clickbait
articles are written about them like
it's all changed so much and then you
have like just the opening credits for
this movie that classic like Tarantino
kind of yellowish font comes up and I
was like I'm home and then it ends and
it's like a like a happy ending to what
in reality was a very tragic ending for
a lot of people and it's like this that
to me even though this movie's violence
and an indulgence it's like that to me
represents the magic of movies even
though this isn't my favorite Tarantino
movie I don't think by any means it's
just like it's like a like a comfy
blanket yeah but with a little twinge of
hope at the end Leo Leo the door is
opened literally yeah for Leo to to
potentially work on better more artistic
films that's that's kind of the
implication at the end yeah and Brad
Pitt is will certainly continue his
employment under Leo if he'll continue
being a gofer yeah he's fine with that
well like you said it could be some sort
of redemption for a Brad Pitt's
character having killed his wife like
whether it was accidental or on purpose
so
the characters were concluded
satisfactorily cuz I was wondering about
that when he won her coming back from
Italy and they're like oh yeah and Leo
has a wife now it's like not too random
to throw in towards the end of the movie
but that could be why and also saving a
wife and mother there's three Manson
movies that came out this year I haven't
seen the others another one that is
directed by Mary Erin who directed
American Psycho I think that's more from
the perspective of like the Manson girls
and then there's another one called the
haunting of Sharon Tate Sharon Tate and
that is played by Hilary Duff and it's
the worst fucking thing I've ever seen
it's so you want to talk about like like
this movie changes history which maybe
some people could say that's tasteless
and not respects you know even though
what happened is tragic and horrible but
not respect the reality of what happened
even more tasteless
Hilary Duff watch this audience share
hate where they turn her life into a
generic slasher movie and she's played
by Hilary Duff and it's just fucking
terrible mmm so you can alter history
and make a movie that respects the
legacy of somebody in a way that
something that's maybe more close to
reality dozen but Mike would you
recommend the haunting of Sharon Tate
yes okay okay
yes definitely Hilary Duff Margot Robbie
you got nothing on Hilary Duff yeah
although I don't know if they show
Hilary Duff's feet in that movie mmm
dirty feet what is already feet this
would be dirty is that his new thing
Tarantino's new thing he said just be
feet now it's gonna be dirty feet yeah
the Manson girls feet probably dirty
does that make sense there barefoot
hippies but Margot Robbie puts her feet
up on the chair in front of her in the
movie theater and they're like filthy
Tarantino's has an ever-expanding fetish
Jay okay but does that the foot fetish
extend to men like Leo's floating around
on the pool there are lots of men feet
in this movie and so maybe I don't know
and dog feet spare Brett Pitt's
tag was running around
