Mar 27, 2019
Us and Paddleton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7BryT6WatTk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1110994141239001088
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156299245132634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-us-and-paddleton

Half in the bag.
Close down the cinemas.
it's nice to have a cup of warm hot
coffee on these sub-zero March days
hey Springs here it's finally 12 degrees
out is it 12 vote it's all the way up to
12 we're set for summer I got to get on
my bathing suit Oh
told you Oh lightning-fast VCR repair
this is Mike how can I help you but no
get lost go fuck yourself I paid my
bills bill collectors they say I owe
money to Netflix so I keep telling them
Netflix is free oh that reminds me you
know everybody's talking about the hot
new Jordan Peele horror film it was a
big hit at the box office over the
weekend so let's discuss an indie cancer
drama that was dumped on Netflix alright
listen how about this how about I'm
gonna make a statement and if it's a
true statement and you don't have to
correct me is what Michael has incurable
okay that's a question paddle ten is a
movie you haven't seen it's on Netflix
along with a bunch of other movies that
they drop on there and don't tell you
about and you don't know exists and so
one of your co-workers says hey did you
see paddle ttan and you say I've never
even heard of that is it in the theaters
and they say no it's on Netflix and you
say oh we're on Netflix I don't see it
in any of the thumbnails all I see is
the office over and over and over and
it's about a guy dying of cancer welcome
to our comedy review show paddle ttan
Mike before we say what we thought about
pals and why are we talking about a
little film called paddle ttan well Jay
oftentimes I browse around
trailers movie trailers you can you can
find clickbait articles top 20 movies
that are on Netflix right now that's
that's kind of where you can hear about
a little nut flick
Jem's top 10 movies you haven't heard of
right and most times they're movies
you've heard of yam the Oscar goes to
but then there are apps with with movie
trailers there's websites movie trailers
and and so III actually instead of
heading the advertising come to me I
sometimes go to the advertising and I
watch trailers and I go - nope nope nope
although Ray Romano who stars in
Paddington with Mark Duplass was on the
Conan O'Brien show but I don't is that
still on I think anybody watches that is
the Conan O'Brien show dumped on Netflix
I think he's on TBS but he's dropped his
format of like late-night talk show host
with the desk and it's like it looks
like in between two ferns chillin
they're just chilling chairs okay
there's no desk there's no pretense like
a cast but it's Conan I just so everyone
the whole like Jay Leno Conan thing
happened and everyone was pissed off at
Jay Leno for ruining Conan's big break
and then Conan was not allowed to be on
television for like a year and then he
came back and everyone was like he's
back he's on TBS but he's back Conan's
back and everybody watched him that
first night he was back and then
nobody's watched him since but yeah Ray
Romano was on there and he like spoiled
the entire ending of the movie and stuff
I saw after the fact okay but I saw the
trailer for this and I was like alright
alright Ray Romano has had a bit of a
renaissance yeah a Romano sense so
that's the reason we're talking about
this movie you just wanted to make that
one Joe I did he was in his first
feature film debut after his hit
television series
everybody loves Ray Romano was called
welcome to Mooseport and it flopped and
then nobody heard about Ray Romano for
43 years then he came back in a movie
called the big sick very good film and
you're like Ray Romano and then I saw
and I saw him in this trailer and I was
like I like him he's a charming man yeah
and he's he's in an indie mumblecore
movie I tend to be drawn to that kind of
thing when like I like a broad comedy
guy is like I'm gonna make a depressing
feel bad movie there they usually
bring something to it that just a
regular dramatic actor doesn't yeah if
there's anyone who's who's born to do
mumblecore it's Ray Romano this cuz I
learned from his interview that almost
this entire movie was improv
oh he's like like Mark Duplass is like
yeah here's a couple here's an outline
okay here's the scene
any of some funny anecdotes about it but
the premise of the movie is two guys
they're they're very very simple men
poor their neighbors they're just
friends with in an apartment complex one
lives above yeah I have a dirty gross
apartment complex and one of them gets
diagnosed with terminal cancer
and the premise of the movie is we have
to go get a drug that will kill me
what do they call it assisted suicide
right it's legal in Seattle they should
tell some of the homeless about that
Jesus it just comes out oh my god it's
the most horrendous thing you've ever
said yes so I watched this movie and it
it was like it's such a simple movie
with with such a really kind of nice
simple characters in such a
light-hearted tone and it gets so
fucking dark and depressing
yeah that it it it's it's really amazing
and that's why I wanted to do this movie
because I have to I have to make a
formal public apology to mark Duplass
because I found myself over the last
handful of years ever since we reviewed
Jeff he who lives at Holiday the worst
fucking movie ever made that's that's
one of our very very early episodes no I
did not like the movie you flat-out
hated it I think it was probably one of
your most hated movies at the top was an
atrocious pretentious nightmare and I do
Plus brothers we've looked up interviews
and stuff with them and they came across
like the douchiest smarmiest assholes
right you know as much as we are
quote-unquote improvising things tend to
stay on the rail
the narrative path it's just a question
of like getting there the most organic
and fresh way possible Jay and I both
drive Priuses we actually use no
blocking on our sets what happened a lot
if you're shooting your master and one
of your actors is having their moment
right there you're on a wide lens
you're fucked, you know
they both act they both write
they both direct Jay Duplass was on
transparent mark Duplass like hell
acting things he'll write stuff he'll
direct stuff we'll just this does a
bunch of everything true renaissance man
i like him in those creep films i don't
know if you've seen those yeah very I've
seen the first one that's that's sort of
like mumblecore horror it's always like
these ideas where it's like the simplest
idea and it's just observing a person at
this very kind of narrow point in their
life yes because what the Creek movies
kind of are even though they're horror
films found-footage horror films and
that's what this movie is too and that's
what kind of works to its advantage just
the simplicity of it and the strength of
not only the performances especially Ray
Romano but also there the relationship
it's like they're they're very simple
men they're not complicated people
there's no big emotional speeches in the
film right it's not melodramatic it's
it's not terms of endearment right um
and and Ray Romano is just like you know
you know mark Duplass is the more kind
of like level-headed guy he's not like a
smart guy he's real simple but but Ray
Romano is basically playing an adult who
has not been diagnosed with Asperger's
essentially yeah there's parts some of
his like mannerisms in the movie I was
wondering if he has like ADHD or
something they don't specify that he is
on the spectrum but he's so old at this
point you know he's probably from that
generation when they just smacked you in
the back of the head yeah stand in the
corner put on the dunce cap he's just a
little odd now now that Hugh is on the
spectrum give him medicine and put him
put him in a special school
Ramon was too old for the Romano's
characters too old for that so there's
something wrong with him
yeah but he's good-hearted and the
relation he's a bond over kung-fu movies
yes yeah their relationship is platonic
yeah and and it's and it's great and
it's very
like it's very sad it's very moving
it's I just I just loved it yeah well
it's it's emotional in the way that I
mean if event happens to you in real
life or someone you know in real life
you know nobody has these big emotional
speeches or the music swells it's just
everything just kind of happens in life
and there's some wonderful dark comedy
in this the best scene in the movie
where they go to buy the the suicide
drug and Ray Romano insists on paying
for it and it's like well mark Duplass
is gonna die what does it matter if he
pays for it yeah yeah yeah but his
credit card gets declined so as he's
trying to buy the suicide drug his
current card gets declined and that and
then he goes back to the pharmacy and
buys a little child little girls plastic
toy safe yeah so they could hide his
friend's suicide medicine at what our
normal combination zone then that that
wonderful discussion they have like
what's going to happen after you die oh
yeah very what kind of sign you're gonna
give me I don't know if there is life
after death you want me to like let you
know to give you a sign it's just yeah
is it's a conversation like I don't know
simpler people might have and it's great
yeah but not in a way where the movies
talking down to them or II know it
treats the characters with respect and
it's a very simple movie and it's it's
just wonderfully paced and enjoyable but
then yeah like it says it doesn't try to
pull at your heartstrings
lishus why it does pull at your
heartstrings it does is feel surreal it
doesn't use any of those tricks and and
I kind of like that that realistic edge
that he puts all of his stuff and I
think that's I think he does a lot of
improv and I think that's that's where
that a lot of that comes from it's not
heavily scripted yeah and and overly
thought about it's just like there's
people in this situation and it's it's
not like Joe Swanberg it's trash why is
that so easy yeah and there's absolutely
no like it has that same kind of indie
feel like the mumblecore alike like
loosey-goosey everyone's just kind of
doing this stuff has no point there's no
like it's trying to observation but
there's nothing to drag you in Martin
you and Mark and Jay Duplass have
mastered the observational mumblecore
movie that has a narrative structure to it
combined all the elements they don't go
over the top
they don't go Joe Swanberg where you
want to punch your TV screen no way that
ended what the fuck happened nothing and
then you want to punch Joe Swanberg if
you've ever seen a picture of him he has
the most punchable face I don't know Joe
I don't know Joe knows us I'm sorry I
don't know what your face looks like so
Jay is the one saying it's punchable
that's just it's all on me again I think
he has a very lovable face a face I
would sit on his face if you would let
me oh you just wrote an episode of easy
it's the entire episode I want you to
sit on my face I'm a dude and then
they'd sit around in a coffee shop for
fucking 45 minutes just talking about
nothing
how do you watch TV talking about like
making spaghetti or something and
they're like oh we're gonna sit on my
face let's go to there I just wrote an
episode of that stupid joke before or
after the spaghetti during oh wait no
that's like a clever ending oh yeah no
no it'd have to be spaghetti is
unrelated to anything I would just have
it and they just talk for a while and
then something happens and I think the
camera would move out of like the
restaurant that they're in and there
would be a guy like paying his parking
meter and then he would just look at the
camera and then it would end was a
parking meter all about I don't know um
anyways that's they parking meters in
real life man yeah it's just a thing
that happens and I I observed it with my
camera
to live like this you can adapt this is
how bees see
leuthar you would said well it's
interesting to point out especially in
contrast to us or you know we just did
Captain Marvel will be doing Shazam soon
movies that get released in theaters now
they don't make any fucking money unless
they're big come book movies or horror
films and that's it's yeah it's the only
there's no the mid budget sort of drama
doesn't exist anymore
true and we kind of go back and forth on
Netflix sometimes we criticize it we
call stuff dumped on Netflix but then
they also do a lot of good they release
a lot of things that would otherwise
have no place in the current kind of
world of theatrical films yeah I would
say most reasonable people with a good
sense of taste would watch paddle ttan
and get something out of it on an
emotional level on a movie level but if
Panton played in theaters mr. Spielberg
in theaters with a wide release yeah it
would tank
exactly sink like the fucking Titanic
yeah but you have to find your audience
you know but you're right it's a sad sad
situation okay I don't even know if I'd
call it a sad situation it's just things
have changed so much where they're in
the mid budget movies are just they
don't get released anymore all that like
theatrical movies now are the big
spectacle and nothing else even like ten
years ago is still like the Judd Apatow
comedies and that kind of stuff that
stuff's gone it is just the big tent
pole stuff now and now everything else
is and it makes it harder to find stuff
like this panel to move II I had never
even heard of it you mentioned it and
it's like oh this is a wonderful little
film but but it's so hard to find stuff
on one there's so many different
streaming services but then also Netflix
in particular stuff just gets buried
because they add new things every day
the audience is so kind of like
segregated on what they're looking for
well well that's a good point you raised
because I think we've said this in the
past is that movie theaters they need to
put the seats on hydraulics now and
because they're basically amusement park
rides yes the big movies which is
fine because I would have gone insane
watching petal tan in a theater with
someone crinkling a fucking wrapper in
my ear yeah or some good looks well the
benefit is no one will to be in the
theater tank well you know my point is
that you have you have niche movies like
a paddle tin that yeah you don't go
watch with a crowd of people you watch
it at your house yeah on your big
fucking screen TV in the dark where it's
completely quiet and no one would bother
you right and and movie theaters I don't
care if someone's crinkling a rap or
during Avengers endgame because it's
just gonna be a bunch of noise and
punishment panels and I'm okay with that
but yeah so so it's like yeah the the
venue's are changing what movies are
still being made we always complain that
nothing being made is good anymore it's
not true there's big stupid dumb movies
and there's lots of smart little movies
still being made yes and well the
difference Lee they can find their money
because everything runs on money yeah so
if people are watching little movies on
Netflix or Amazon and buying them
renting them whatever they need to
generate a profit I think the problem is
and that's the problem you had was
exposure
I had to actively go and seek this out
you know to discover it I'll go look it
up I have to do a lot of legwork
yeah because they don't have movie
advertisements for patent on broadcast
television observe and every ad that
plays before a video on YouTube is for
like laundry detergent
mm-hm and so it's like where do you see
trailers yeah and when you go to the
theater you're gonna see trailers for
thanos you're not yeah so where do you
see a trailer for Patton where is that
market where does it happen yeah it does
it you have to go find it
so there needs to be some kind of
solution there because if the free
market economy will teach you anything
is people do not go out and seek
products it's very rare
unless it's for erectile dysfunction or
or or it's cocaine
or you know it's something like that or
assisted suicide suicide drugs that's
why we're here though we're here to tell
you about movies like Patton when we
come across or and future movies that we
happen to see on Netflix like what was
that movie we saw recently
we recommended to people Oh clovehitch
killer yeah movie like that
we started a whole new program for that
that we've never done anything with
since maybe we will eventually this this
paddle Tim while you're waiting to get
to the US review this paddle Tim would
have been a great Mike and Jay talked
about paddle ttan yeah but less people
would have watched it then if they
watched it along with our discussion of
us yes so when Thanos comes out we're
reviewing six direct-to-video Netflix
cancer dramas before we talk about the
nose but unfortunately Avengers endgame
it's a cancer drama well I mean you see
if they annals his head no Holies
you
well Mike a couple years ago mark
Duplass the star of paddle ttan acted in
another film called the one I love which
I saw which was good I think
but his co-star in that film was
Elisabeth Moss and it turned out
spoilers for the one I loved it was a
doppelganger film co-starring Elisabeth
Moss are you trying to say something
about Mad Men
there's a family our driveway it's
probably the neighbors John Scavo family
are not to be confused with this is us
which is equally as frightening is a new
horror film from key and Peele
wait I mean the cinematic genius mind of
Jordan Peele who also brought you get
out and we'll be bringing you a reboot
of the twilight zone starting on April
1st and that's not an April Fool's Day
joke in us a family travels to Santa
something rather in kal-el whatever to
go on a vacation into a beach and
discover that they have evil
doppelgangers of themselves a whole
bunch of strange gory and scary shit
happens that I can't really talk about
until we get past spoilers but suffice
it to say despite all of its originality
scares and great performances us is no
Captain Marvel I don't wanna say what
did you think of us I want to say did
you like it more than get out oh my god
I was gonna say that this is definitely
the best M night Shyamalan movie that
I've seen in years that isn't really an
insult either it reminded me of an M
night Shyamalan movie but not one of the
shitty ones the a lot of ways like the
the type of story that's being told the
the twists and turns the story takes it
all so very am night Shyamalan ish in a
good way
I think I liked it more than get out
this this felt more of like a pure
horror film get out is obviously very
there's the whole social commentary
aspect and this movie has that too but
it's more under the surface it's very
subdued it's it's much more subdued it's
there and there's probably more ways you
can interpret this then get out get out
as very I don't wanna say it's on the
nose cuz I actually like that movie
quite a bit it's not like I think when
we talked about it I've compared it to
like late George Romero movies and those
are how light or like well it's it's
specific what it's talking about is very
specific this movie it can play is just
a general horror film with a creepy
premise but there's more under the
surface if you want to look into it
right and is a smarter way to do I
appreciate that
I understand why people love get out I
understand its importance and all that
stuff but just as a pure horror movie I
like this a lot more the only thing that
kept bringing that up was Elizabeth moss
and Tim Heidecker and there was a little
bit of classism they're like well that's
I want to point out that that's kind of
that like get out was about race this
movie seems to be more about class yes
not specifically race related although
you could probably read some of that
into it too but we can talk about too
much without getting into spoilers but
that stood out to me more because you
know they they had less of a strong
family bond their little daughters were
bitches and Tim Heidecker was an asshole
to his wife and she's like I fucking
hate him I hope he dies they have a
front of a marriage yeah and they have
jokingly sometimes right yeah and they
have all the nice things you know their
house is super rich they have the Alexa
thing oh philia I think they go other
zone and you know they're and they're
awful awful people and I think the the
father character says he's like oh we
got the big boat you know he's like you
said this reminds you more of a night
Shyamalan movie or Twilight Zone here's
the thing and here's my review I really
like this movie there is a point where
it started to lose me where I was like
come on No like is this all that's going
to happen like okay they got their
doppelgangers anything that we're going
to talk about before spoilers point it
has been relating the trailer right so
the they go to this Beach Resort and
then the weird family shows up in their
driveway bursts in it's us evil
doppelganger versions of us and then you
know for the next like 20 minutes
they're battling them and I'm like yeah
and then twists and turns happen I want
to mention that in relation to I think
we talked about this with get out I was
like if you saw the trailer for get out
you kind of saw the movie yeah and I was
worried that's what was happening with
this too
which is like oh it's a cool premise
it's creepy premise but oh I guess it's
just gonna be a home invasion movie but
then it's it's expands beyond that and I
was satisfied to see that and then once
it gets to that point you kind of don't
know where it's gonna go and I
appreciated that there
kicks it up a notch but and then let's
just get into spoilers here spoilers
spoilers from here on out until the end of the show 
fuck it
fuck you
fuck you
if you watch this movie as like a visceral
horror kind of because it was very tense
early on when she's at the beach and she
sent me and that beach scene early on
when there's like little things that are
like they're setting her off and she's
like really nervous and and it's very
well done and if you just watch the
movie as as a scary movie with lots of
twists and turns and and kind of things
happening that are good for a horror
movie
great if you think about the reality or
the logic of the premise it's it's
borderline absurd and you know you'll
have some asshole out there go how did
they know booth how did they know this
because essentially under the ground is
a secret expansive humongous government
laboratory that has a clone of a person
on the surface they're tethered they say
they're mimicking the actions and
there's like this ridiculous ridiculous
moment when the camera is going around
through this underground and there's
people at a fairground upstairs doing
fairground things carnival things riding
on the rides and everyone's mimicking
you know what they're doing above in
kind of like a zombie-like fashion yeah
and a lot of them there was like a
sailor character that walked by and and
a lot of them were wearing like the same
clothes or similar I'm like yeah if you
look at it we're gonna straight off yeah
if you look at it that literally it is
kind of silly but and where did they get
300 million orange jumpsuits yes so them
but yeah so you can there'll be some
asshole on the internet who goes 100
million things wrong with first of all
how did they get all those uniforms
second of all how do you know it's not
that kind of movie
it's
it's you have to you have to just ignore
that yeah well in its I thought that you
can look at a lot of it is very
metaphorical not so literal right like I
said kind of about class you have the
Underground's and they're not treated
fairly they're not treated as well as
the people above grounds halves of the
have-nots yes and then even though
there's a minuscule level you have that
above ground like you talked about Tim
Heidecker has the nice boat the dad the
main character dad has the the shitty
boat so that's like a smaller scale
version of it but then you have people
that are literally oppressed underground
right so I mean that's what the movie is
it's not about the literal
interpretation of yeah all the inner
workings of the underground they almost
give you more information than they
should we haven't talked about like you
need to have specific rules or mythology
to things but you see though that or you
have to go the other end it's just like
the night all living dead people are
coming back from the dead we don't know
why they just are to keep it very vague
this movie kind of goes a little too far
or not far enough in either direction
the scene where the doppelganger version
of Lupita Nyong'o is drawing on the drug
the chalkboard drawing the hands across
America and logo and she's basically
like explaining the plot like the we
live down here and we do the NSA oh no
don't say at all and then the very very
ending when they're driving and and
she's she's having flashbacks to the the
girl not talking and her as her younger
self can't get her done and I was like
oh dang and then it's like flashbacks
flashbacks and the the entire method of
the the doppelganger of her as a little
girl stealing her pulling her and
putting a different sweatshirt on it I
was like no I got it from just showing
me that once in yeah therapists office
and then it needed to cut to her just
like kind of smirking at the kid kid
knew yeah he's like mmm and I was like
that's just boom cut it there don't tell
us don't give us all this information
yeah and I think I think I think because
probably germ peel was probably worried
that it would be too
and it probably would be for a lot of
people so it's like he tries to give you
more information but by giving more
information and making it slightly more
literal that's when it kind of falls
apart in the context of like picking
apart the the reality of how this place
would work and that's what happens
I mean it's that's a tough a tough thing
to sell and and I would have been I
thought it went over the line with the
fact that and it was a wonderful clever
analogy with the Hands Across America
around me to tell your story about Hands
Across America okay where yeah you had
this like we're all unified and and her
having the Hands Across America t-shirt
is sort of the catalyst of of her whole
plan yeah break everybody out and do
this thing where they're all holding
hands this is there's genius genius
framing device yeah so we're looking at
that t-shirt show the people holding
hands and that's all you need
they think like us they know where we
are
Jordan Peele is writing a very fine line
between having this great imagination of
a storyline great premises a great
concept yeah and then that that would
you know because you don't want a
scientist coming in we've we cloned the
Heidecker family and we called your
family and a half a dozen others in this
little small town it's an experiment to
see if we could send your families off
and turn them into super soldiers
another bubble you don't want that yeah
and you and then also in my opinion you
don't want Hands Across America number
of people because then you go red how
did they did how did they know Lupita
Nyong'o was going to marry
I forget the husband's name the dad yeah
how did they know you and then how did
they get their DNA at one point I
thought hey maybe they're like at night
this like machine like sweeps through
the the water you know and where
everyone was swimming and playing in the
beach and and steals all the human DNA
out of the water my god and I was like
that makes sense all the beach goers are
being cloned because they're at the
beach but that was like I gotta stop
thinking about this it's insane
yes this is insane you just gotta ignore
it and focus on the characters and the
family and their the sequence of events
and and kind of just the thrill ride
yeah the concept is great the execution
of a lot of the sequences is fantastic
and that's that's the good stuff that
kind of happen with get out - oh it's
like once you discover what the is
actually going on and then we see that
they're like like literally like
removing brains and putting them into
other people it's like okay you're
pushing it too far yes and that's the
thing that's like is like he is really
good at building tension and and the
actors the the performances are great
that just the way it's shot I mean a
great director good writer great
concepts great convoluted execution good
ish execution oh god what's a very good
execution well from a filmmaking
standpoint
executing of a story yeah yeah he could
take a promise some lunatic premise you
know killer bees flying around when a
bee stings you it it takes your soul and
then they fly back to a government lab
and the honey they make fuels a
spaceship to Mars you know okay and then
Jordan Peele could take that and gotta
make it good to make it classy
yeah and then to where you believe it
and that's kind of what these like the
swapping of the brains and and get out
and you could have just done that with
the therapist with Catherine Keener and
kind of doing like we're therapy for
psychological thing yeah instead of
literally moving a brain that's what I
think Jordan Peele is gonna be great
doing Twilight Zone I'm looking forward
to just highlights because Twilight Zone
episodes are a little little goofy at
times that's even if the the the final
result of the story isn't perfect I
appreciate that Jordan Peele
seems to really love and embrace horror
and making horror films yes
he doesn't kind of look down on it it's
not like a like a cheap like a lot of
class yeah like a lot of the Blum House
movies some were very good but a lot of
them are like truth or dare we saw that
one or they're just like cheap like we
want to make a buck movies and I will
take Jordan peels like like premises
even though they're a little little
strange they are creative and different
yeah and I will take his films over a
truth or dare or over even at this point
like a conjuring kind of movie where
it's like good there's a demon in the
house and it's gonna throw you against
the wall and I'm just like sick of that
well those are all about the the
visceral experience and journey peels
movies have an element to that but
there's also a little bit more going on
they're there they're from like a
different perspective almost horror and
yeah and and that's and that's
refreshing and everything I know you
just did your Rocketeer review which
probably won't be up when this goes up
but
you make a point of mentioning how every
little thing is set up and paid off in
that and I was noticing that a lot in
this movie too every like even the the
first shot of the movie is that TV and
it's the the Hands Across America
commercial and I was just thinking like
oh that's a funny thing from the 80s and
this takes place in the 80s they're just
doing a little reference to that but
then so much of the movie relies on that
and there's there's a reoccurrence of
the number 11 yes and eleven eleven
which is reminiscent of a now canceled
show called here and now an HBO starring
Tim Robbins which was a spooky
psychological time Spacey show about a
reoccurrence of the numbers 11:11 and so
yeah even that opening the the they say
from the the Golden Gate Bridge that's
just to upright things to the Twin
Towers of New York City to up raised
eleven what has 12 million eyes over 50
million fingers and reaches from the
Statue of Liberty all the way to the
Pacific Ocean eleven on each coast I
didn't read that anywhere I just thought
of that I know I did not notice that but
I wasn't thinking of eleven eleven when
I saw that scene obviously so I thought
of it it's this line sight this will
benefit on repeat viewings because I
noticed like eleven eleven there was
something about that on the the TV and
the dad was watching sports
it's a Kip reoccurring and then even
other little things like the the early
scene with they first get to that summer
house and they're all sitting around the
dinner table talking and chatting and
they feel very natural like they're all
great like it feels like a real family
but then we get almost similar kind of
setup with them around the table later
in the movie when they kill Elizabeth
moss and Tim Heidecker and we get
another scene with them sitting around
the dinner table
and in completely different environments
like all that stuff was great the two
twin daughters twin daughters yeah yeah
we also have doppelgangers yeah two
normal daughters to do doppelgangers um
but then even little just story things
like that first dinner scene the
daughter is talking about how she's like
if we're out here can I Drive they're
like no you can't draw oh yeah
and then later she drives so just simple
little setup and payoff stuff like that
so really like well-constructed scripts
right the little boy with his uh the the
toy ambulance blocks the door yeah and
then what do they drive home in the end
yeah yeah ha ha I'm not only does the
toy ambulance come back he's that to
outwit his doppelganger yeah but then
yeah it's an obvious setup for the thing
later which is a basic setup but the the
metaphor the visual of a little tiny
ambulance that's what helps them later
on a real ambulance helps them know
whether intended or unintended lots of
lots of little details in this though a
second viewing which would help you know
sure we get in the very first shot of
the film we see a VHS copy of chud
cannibalistic human underground dwellers
starring the guy from home alone
Macaulay Culkin yes I'm speculating I'm
just gonna throw this out there
I think there's opening text before the
film starts and I'm going to guess that
that was a studio thing going you should
probably put some in the beginning
because people are really fucking
confused it opens with black black
screen and white text it's like in
America there are millions of miles of
underground tunnels yeah this from
Subway abandoned subway lines to mine
shafts and some thousand and thousands
of miles of tunnels have no noticeable
purpose whatsoever yeah it's like okay
that's now key keep that in your mind
that's not in my brain because she goes
into Merlin's magical haunted house and
then somehow ends up like in down
staircases down a magical escalator yeah
and you're like where the fuck is she
and I'm sure during they had some test
screenings and someone said how big was
Merlin's magical castle no you she asked
that was the secret entrance to the
government laboratory that isn't
underneath the entirety of the United
States oh thank you screaming can you
write something about the miles and
miles of secret tunnels this is some
elderly was yelling um but so I have a
feeling that was it's possible or I just
wanted to make sure that specific point
was clear I don't know he doesn't seem
to be too he that's that's what I like
to about John peels movies is they have
this sort of kind of social aspect to
them but they also just work as kind of
a broad entertainment where you can just
watch it as like a solid horror film oh
yeah so he's not trying to make like the
most like really abstract you know
symbolic you know there's metaphorical
aspects but it plays as a crowd-pleaser
well and also and it's more kind of
subtle and under the surface light under
the surface it's opened some Moree
interpretations okay like I mentioned
get out is very specific so this
you know I can see people talking about
this movie and yeah yeah there's a lot
to decode like when when the
doppelganger says she's like what are
you interested were Americans yeah so
that was that had a lot of like it's
like we're we are also Americans deserve
the same rights as you but were
suppressed underground fine stuff no
pizza nyunga oh sure she mentioned to
her she's gonna get Tony collided this
year at the Oscars ocean to ocean coast
to coast
I had a chuckle cuz the Hands Across
America thing cuz I remember that shit
cuz I did that shit oh my god and I'm a
lovely little story to tell
ok they basically tell you what it is in
the ad it's just like chaired like a
fundraising thing for I think to feed
people yeah it was for well that's again
tying in with the theme of the movie and
people the
high-class and low class it was all
about like Alec helping the homeless
people that are yeah and and and it was
basically like just a gimmick that
literally there weren't hands holding
hands across the country because of you
know mountains roads roads airports
private property physical barriers that
would probably be impossible but they
had set up little routes and they're
like yeah okay this city you know you go
from here to here yeah this city if
you're involved in this go from here to
here and so my mom was like overdoing
Hands Across America put a quarter in
the bucket and we're gonna stand here
and hold hands with a bunch of strangers
down this sidewalk I was like it's so
stupid like wow I learned many lessons
that day as a wee lad I was like this is
the dumbest thing in the world because
this is gonna do anything yes it's just
some kind of showy thing and people are
still hungry so didn't solve any fucking
problems but we're all standing there
and on the sidewalk very long amount of
people know like how long you do this
for this sucks just shut up and do it
it's helping the homeless somehow then
out of nowhere the kind of guy in like
dirty jeans and he had I remember he had
long dirty hair and a big like handlebar
mustache he's like so he comes out into
the middle of stream goes okay okay
here's what we're gonna do everybody I'm
gonna need everybody to come on out this
way we're moving the line we're moving
the line everybody and and and I'm like
what and so everybody goes out into the
middle of the street and then the guy
runs away and traffic starts coming in
everybody scatters and that was the day
I learned to avoid groupthink
Oh Mike would you recommend us mm-hmm
the foundation of the premise is a
little ridiculous bordering on science
fiction virtually unbelievable in its
practicality the surface on top of that
the thrills the scares the the
performance is everything that makes up
everything on top of that works so well
I will I will take overly ambitious but
sloppy over the conjuring five but what
about wish upon me well I mean nothing's
gonna top this is no this is no wishing
I wish upon but it's just nice to see
like a like a mainstream wide-release
horror film that feels like a horror
film but doesn't feel like a cheap
studio gimmick or just a cash grab right
like Jordan Peele he knows his shit he
cares about horror clearly and he's
trying to make good stuff
there's one like interesting thing about
the movie though the guy who played
Elizabeth bosses husband looks like our
old manager Tim oh you know I didn't
even think about that I was watching the
movie as like who does he remind me out
he really looks like him yeah but I
don't think it's him now couldn't be
could it
by the way drill pilato died today I
know that's sad have I told you r.i.p
Joe Pilato he brought us many minutes of
joy in cinema mainly this one
