Nov 23, 2019
2019 Movie Catch-Up! (part 2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEW_qMxLBLc
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1198339378818506757
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156878951937634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-2019-movie-catch-up-part-2-of-2

Half in the bag.
Oh, my god, Jay.
The fucking wildfires are out of control.
Oh, wait.
That's California.
Oh, my god, Jay.
The fucking snowstorm's are out of control.
I wish the fires have make their way
this way can we have a car for myself
yeah yeah but just like fold the country
in half it's kind of overlap just just
for like an hour
jump all the snow on the fires and then
just like out like a mad like a mad
magazine oh yeah yeah get them together
and you have a new image yeah yeah yeah
can we ask our Lord and Savior Jesus
Christ to do that for us God perform a
miracle dump our fucking snow on the
California wildfires well I've got a
great segue from Pet Sematary to a very
similar kind of movie it's called hole
in the ground
I miss town once too yes Alan sweetie
maybe oh yeah Australian Irish and or
Scottish I was curious to see that yeah
great great well if you're looking for a
slow atmospheric creepy kind of very
simple horror movie yeah that's uh
that's a mother and son move into an old
creepy house and as you see in the
trailer there's a hole in the ground in
the backyard
a big hole like an acre was the little
boy
ends up going down in the hole and then
he comes back and he's changed he's
chained and there's a creepy old lady
and there's some scares the creepy kid
movie much like The Prodigy which I
think you saw this year oh yeah
I enjoyed the prodigy yeah we're not
gonna waste time talking about it but it
was fine yeah yeah yeah so creepy kid
movie but but done tastefully and not
not schlock Lee Hollywood style
Dook yeah I enjoyed the battle too that
director has a new movie out I haven't
seen it yet Hobbs in shock that's how
they do you made an independent film
that was mildly successful now we're
gonna give you Fast and Furious 12 hey
who doesn't like checks true well
speaking of horror pictures since we're
on a roll with that so I'll talk about
one that you might think is a horror
movie but it becomes something else it's
called one cut of the dead and it was
until a movie I just saw recently it was
my favorite movie I'd seen this year
it's a Japanese movie and it's hard to
talk about without getting into spoilers
because you got to go in completely
blind don't read anything about this
movie but the set up is the first like
4045 minutes first half of the movie is
one continuous shots actually one
continuous shot no like hidden cuts or
anything and it's people making a movie
in a old abandoned warehouse they're
making a zombie movie
but then there's real zombies outside
and they have to defend them off it's
all done in one shot they're going in
the building out of the building running
around but there's lots of weird little
moments very like that's an odd choice
like as far as filmmaking goes but then
after that first 45 minutes it takes a
complete shift it goes in a completely
different direction that
recontextualizes the entire thing and
explains why those odd little eccentric
moments are in there and I can't say any
more than that without giving it away
but it is one of the most satisfying and
like feel-good movies I've seen in a
very long time up there with dolomite if
you like movies about filmmaking it's
really charming and fun can't say any
more than that but if you're even if
you're not like if like if you're sick
of zombies which I think everybody is at
this point but you know you make a good
movie was on B's in it it still holds up
so even if even if you don't care about
zombies even if you're not a big horror
fan stick with this even though you
might not be into it for the first
half-hour so and and very very charming
and really well made well speaking of
the opposite of all those things let's
talk about the dead don't die zombie
movie yeah this is like this is like
more segways than a weird al' yankovic
video starring Adam driver who's also in
something else he's on a TV show called
the rise of Skywalker called rise of
Skywalker's pants
he's Unger's and girls but he was in
some other movies he was in Jim
Jarmusch's last night yeah he's a writer
paper writing which I never saw that
movie I am a big fan of Jim Jarmusch
I've liked a lot of his movies but I
heard I think I saw the trailer for
Paterson and I heard what it was about
which is animals Abbas and he meets
people that inspire him to write his
stories and it's a Jim Jarmusch movie I
was like oh I've seen it I just saw the
movie in my brain I don't have to bother
yeah yeah I was a little more curious
about this one because yeah it's got the
slight horror aspect to it
he did a vampire movie a few years ago
called only lovers left alive that's
really really good - murmurs yep Tilda
Swinton's in that Tom Tom Hiddleston and
I like that movie a lot and there's like
a Jim Jarmusch it's not really horror
but it had vampires and so I was curious
about this one and I liked the first
half until and it's weird to say Jim
Jarmusch movie isn't going anywhere
because that's kind of this whole thing
they're very you know laid-back and very
dry Oh yuck
but this one I just kind of lost
interest cuz it just felt so meandering
but the first half I enjoyed quite a bit
but yeah I would I wouldn't call it
meandering it it felt very I'm forward
moving the first half - yeah the problem
with it is I mean okay Adam driver and
Bill Murray great until this went in
great
yeah the relationship between the two
cops Adam driver and Bill Murray it was
the best thing of them yes of course
there's they're so dry and and and they
even break the fourth wall a couple
times with referencing this song the the
soundtrack
it's the dead done done by Sturgill
Simpson why does it sound so familiar
well cuz it's the theme song but then
they talk about script I read the script
Jim gave me a copy and yes
yeah the meta aspect was so
underdeveloped I was like why is this in
here it was very weird yeah it's like if
you throw a meta fourth wall breaking
thing in just a regular movie for one
thing and don't follow up on it and so
that was odd it made me laugh you know
and I think of one point Bill Murray
goes what are we ad libbing now yes and
I and I thought maybe that was like a
real take and so the movie felt like he
was just making a movie and not caring
at all and and it's so sick that's I was
waiting for it to pull back towards the
end and expand on that and it never
really did right
yeah and needed to go bigger with that
concept I mean that the zombie stuff was
fun there are some good gags some good
like Tilda Swinton with the sword
samurai sword I like dusty zombies I
don't know if I've seen Dusty's of these
before and the lady yelling for
Chardonnay Carol Kane it was a Scrooge
reunion yeah Bill Murray it seemed to
have a quasi message about
environmentalism or politics that didn't
really solidify yeah okay Steve Buscemi
has a not a make America great again had
it's just make America white again yeah
it's like trying to push it if it's too
too far it's stupid well yeah and then
so it's like okay are they is he saying
like the Trump voters or zombies or like
politics in general people have become
zombified and then there's like a
consumer element consumerism angle to
with the people looking at their phones
which is you know George Romero asked
the zombies in the mall and so I'm like
oh they're doing this consumerism
politics or environmentalism yeah
because they talk about fracking polar
fracking but they say it's on the polar
icecaps and then it causes the axis of
the earth to spin and fucks up
everything which bring the dead back to
life so
yeah now and then Tilda Swinton's an
alien that's that's the movie yeah REE
distracted at all during the the ending
like they're fighting the zombies in the
cemetery and it's very clearly day for
night oh yeah that was yeah I was that
don't do day for night ever but yeah
that's the thing is that's why I enjoyed
the first half just as this laid-back
kind of really dry Jim Jarmusch comedy
and then it's like oh he's trying to say
something many things it's to just kind
of I don't know fizzles out it's like
yeah laid-back zombie movie I mean you
take the the king of them all Shaun of
the Dead yeah where you have kind of
slacker characters who treat a zombie
apocalypse as as they should
throwing records at head zombies yeah
sort of poking fun at the genre but
Shaun of the Dead crescendoed with great
characters and emotion yes at the end
and this just fizzled out with some sort
of quasi message that wasn't quite clear
it's weird because of like with the Jim
Jarmusch movie they're usually very
laid-back and very simple but they feel
focused on like characters specific
characters or in the case of like night
on earth it's a series of vignettes of
different characters in this movie like
there's enough kernels there that feel
like it's trying to say something that
don't feel developed as opposed to just
a simple story of the small town with
these zombies in it so it feels
underdeveloped which is a weird thing to
say about a Jarmusch movie but he
planted those things in there it's it's
a it's a fork in the road situation
mm-hmm and you crash in the middle yeah
guys yeah you go either go with a
message in a metaphorical sentence with
zombies and whatnot or you go for a dry
zombie comedy mm-hmm that you're you're
going to have a fresh take on fresh take
with Shaun of the Dead was the comedic
yes that hadn't really been done too
much before and only in the fact that
the zombies in that are still treated
seriously the horror
specs of that are still there yeah but
like I said Shawna the dad comes to
comes to a head with with good
characters that you care about
yes and when your characters are too dry
and sarcastic and self-aware and then
it's like okay then yeah fork in the
road fork in the brain
my girl's poor Mexican hmm really
how can you tell I have an affinity for
Mexicans they're like my favorite people
I like Adam driver a lot as an actor oh
yeah he's good and obviously everybody
loves Bill Murray his big news story was
like lately was that he applied for a
job at PF Changs it's just cuz cuz he's
Bill Murray yes cuz he's grown married
he was at a it was an airport PF Changs
in some random city yeah and he's like
he's oh no and he filled out the
application for PF Changs while he was
there and he's like he's like that looks
like it would be fun and then he left
and they're like hey we'll hire you Bill
Murray yeah if you want to work at our
PF Changs yeah no one's gonna turn down
Bill Murray right so he's an interesting
interesting character that guy he's what
you would call a probably a lovable asshole
I'm sure someone like Harrison Ford
might just be an asshole yeah or like
Jim Cameron James Cameron James good old
James Cameron he's probably just just a
grade-a asshole yeah you know but Bill
Murray is a lovable asshole who doesn't
give a fucking about anything but at the
same time still gotta love them
well Mike I saw a Marvel movie a Marvel
movie did you marvel at it talk about
spider-man
we were done with Marvel movies after
Avengers n game that felt like such a
strong kind of closure to that whole
thing but I did finally see spider-man
fire from home what did you think of
spider-man far from home it was fine
this is why we didn't do a half on the
bag on it cuz it was just fine
it was entertaining it kind of it's
weird because it's like we enjoyed the
first spider-man spider-man homecoming I
think we both liked it quite a bit but
if this isn't a case of like oh I liked
the spider-man movie and then three or
four years later you get the sequel it's
like in between that last one and this
one you've seen fucking spider-man in like
five other movies yeah it's just
like never never ends it never leaves
your mind you don't have any chance to
miss Tom Holland is spider-man because
he's in everything this isn't just a
sequel to a movie it's you know a part
of this bigger thing and after Avengers
I'm game was like okay we're done with
that thing so the smaller aspects of
this one I liked it was like a cute like
teen comedy where the class goes on a
trip to Europe sorry sorry there's like
oh this is cute this is charming
oh now spider-man has to fight
it seems like a movie that probably
should have happened five years ago
before the biggest cinematic event of
the century yeah like it touches on that
you know the whole course the events of
the Avengers endgame but yeah it just
feels like oh now we have another spine
back to it back to normal are we gonna
take a class trip yeah I mean I got to
keep going so they're not just gonna
stop even though from a creative
standpoint it would be nice to take a
break but so spider-man Mysterio is
turns out to be a villain I assume
that's the thing is like even if you
have a passing knowledge of comic books
you know who Mysterio is sire artists
name is Mysterio but the entire arc of
the movie is you can see coming but it's
Jake Gyllenhaal and he's good
it's kind of funny because he was
potentially gonna replace Tobey Maguire
and Raimi spider-man 2 and when it's
helped me a wire or hurt his back or
something the most exciting appearance
in the movie was by Peter Billingsley
who played Ralphie in A Christmas Story
he had one small scene in the original
Iron Man movie because he's friends with
Jon Favreau who direct but Tony Stark
was able to build this in a cave with a
box of scraps and that character from
the first Iron Man movie shows up in
this and it was the most exciting thing
to me that happened in the entire film
like ah it's Ralphie hot-diggity-dog you
know what's on tonight the - our Ghost
Adventures
show that
well speaking of haunted and spooky
movies I saw the curse of La Llorona its
sec nicly connected to the conjuring
universe right nobody cares
sure it is this Annabelle make an
appearance no I ain't about got our own
movie again this year third a third or
fourth Annabelle far from home
homecoming Annabelle antibiotic cameo in
Shazam that's true yes
I don't know but ok curse of La Llorona
the lead actress Annette is oh it's
Linda Cardellini
yeah the sister from she's on Freaks and
Geeks I think she was a madman for a
while yes and hawkeye's wife she was on
new girl ah ok
new girl she plays Zooey Deschanel's
older sister so crazy older sister this
is all fascinating but back to the curse
of lalalaura wanna talk about something
more interesting like so first of all
let me tell you all about this movie
right I think just to correct you it's
pronounced la Llorona oh yeah yeah my
sharona that's unrelated but Oh Oh cuz
it's a double el and Spanish double
Elle's like like like poyo it was just
was just the Spanish word for chicken
yes it has a double al so yeah yeah LLL
Rona yeah yeah right you're right double
else equal wise I never took Spanish so
I don't know this shit but I do know
that double ELLs who pronounced as as
wise Thank You Jay hey you're welcome
thank you for for checking my white
privilige so how was the film was
boring as shit there was a curse there
was a curse of yeah you Rona I think it
was like a like an old lady
a ghost I guess it's a it's a it's a
Spanish or Mexican folklore kind of
thing yeah get that based on a true
story that's not a true story with 15
quotation marks around it when I'd like
the chupacabra the chupacabra was in it
what really yeah that was their pet pet
in the house of a triple Cobra oh my god
but okay I think Oh Oh la Llorona
I think it was the ghost lady lost a
child and so she wants to take your
child and then and then it ended
That's all I got on that.
That's all I got.
Wow, what a shit year for movies.
Yes.
That's what I'm saying.
is like I've watched much more TV
we can talk about TV TV's is tough cuz
there's so much you know it's kind of
fascinating too though is is I mean I
think we've talked about this before but
TV is like has has a the essica burn out
possibility with shows because they are
not episodic yeah yeah I just started a
show with Paul Rudd in it I know that
yeah well there's two of them
yes yeah and and it's the first episode
of 30 minutes and it's perfectly the
first act of a movie oh sure and I'm
like and it's only like six or eight
episodes right yeah so it's basically a
long movie yeah but I mean you know it's
one of those things where it comes back
that could come back for season 2 season
3 and it's like yeah I'm like I only
need two more episodes I just need I
need yeah what is how is he gonna handle
this situation then how is it going to
get resolved and and it's technically a
TV show but it's really long movie and
then you have shows that become popular
that I just give up on because I want
the movie to end and I could list ten of
them where it's like and then some of
them just get cancelled so they're not
quite up osanic yeah they just keep
going but the the quality is there as
far as like the way they're executed and
acted and writing all that stuff is
really good sometimes better than movies
mmm I didn't see the lie your own a
movie cuz it just looks like Y cheap to
make teenagers watch it horror Sookie
yeah although I think that one did flop
I think you gotta have something more to
it not really
what else you got
well let's shift gears to something good
something great in facts
I saw the lighthouse take me once a
timber man walked with being a wiki
alright the this surpassed one cut of
the dead for me as far as best movie of
the year
oh my goodness this is of course from
Robert Eggers black and white it's in
black and white it's in I don't even
think it's four by three I think it's
even narrower it's like a ghost story no
it's not I I would hesitate to even call
it a horror film it's for me I'm talking
about before man there goes a ghost
story head oh the movie Ghost yeah
that's for yeah yeah yeah the same
aspect ratio 16 millimeter with the I
thought you were saying the lighthouse
was a ghost story no no no I don't know
what it's about other than a lighthouse
well it's it's the movie it reminded me
that most of them is the shining because
one they're both about people in
isolation going crazy and there's even
an appoint in this movie when Willem
Dafoe chases Robert Pattinson with an
axe or did he that's the whole thing
unreliable narrator stuff going on but
like The Shining it has a very kind of
simple story of just yeah these two guys
stuck out in this lighthouse slowly
going crazy and getting drunker and
drunker it's like a cinematic retelling
of the filming of an episode of best of
the worst
but like The Shining there's a lot you
can read into it there's like hints of
Greek mythology and like the story of
Prometheus not the Ridley Scott film but
the actual story it's kind of like cuz
the guy directed to which which the
witch is like a straight-up horror film
this one there's a couple kind of creepy
moments but it's really more of a
bizarre surreal character drama like a
really good student film why would you
say student film because it's in black
and white no well that's that's that's
worth pointing out though because it's
like
director is so good at like not just
having interesting techniques but where
it actually ties into the movie it's not
just in black and white you know it's
it's shot on old camera lenses because
that's the period that the movie takes
place in and it's all like in service of
the story and experience of the film
wait wait this just came through on
Twitter
Robert Edgar's is directing Hobbs and
Shaw too but like the which is a very
feminine movie it's about a girl kind of
becoming a woman and becoming her own
individual person stripping away from
her family and this one is like the
polar opposite it's a very masculine
movie it's about two men left alone
going crazy there's some homoerotic
stuff there's mermaid vaginas it's very
there's a lot of like sexual tension
it's a whole lot going on so the first
thing we have seen him forever weird
like the minute it was over I want to
just watch it again because I think it
would take on a different interpretation
and re-watch where it's like like Hobbs
and draw like Hopson Shaw - I can't wait
for Robert Decker's but you have shot -
how long have we been on this rock five
leaps do days have me do they connect
I love the witch it was like my favorite
movie I don't know the last decade or
whatever but I think I might like the
lighthouse more okay well that's that's
perfectly okay there's so much going on
in it but it still works it's not just
all like you got to figure it out like
it works as a story and satisfied at the
end it doesn't leave you like confused
no it's not one of those where it just
cuts to black and you're like what the
last shot of the movie is fantastic and
yeah Willem Dafoe farts a lot
there's some really great monologues
Robert Pattinson just screaming at
Willem Dafoe about how much he stinks
just a really really great stuff a great
actor movie a great filmmaking movie and
a solid story there's a wonderful shots
this is less than subtle but like I've
mentioned there's a lot of the weird
like kind of sexual frustration stuff
because it's these two men that are just
stranded in the middle of nowhere but
there's a shot of the actual lighthouse
which is a crisp very phallic looking
what the camera is completely sideways
on it and then it goes like this
oh my god that's a boner and it is a
really funny movie too it's got that
really kind of dark dry humor to it
which the witch didn't have that movie
was so stark and serious but how long is
it
um I saw I saw ma would like shaving a
Spencer while you were watching the
lighthouse did it leave you with a lot
to think about and interpret you said I
had to rewatch it again yes get all the
subtleties I didn't see why I actually
wanted to see it because it looks mildly
campy wasn't it wasn't no it was it was
serviceable and it was it was fine
you guys want a party like rock stars
follow me let's a via Spencer go crazy I
know it never really reached like that
peak potential of being goofy and
self-aware as it should have
yeah it's just kind of turned out to be
a sad villainous character and then and
then that team characters were so bad
you know interesting premise and but
just kind of petered out I was like
Activia Spencer finally gets her her
lead performance she's always like
background characters ya know he's the
best friend the best friend yeah and
then I'm wearing a shape of water yes
good yeah yeah she's she's the friend
but then now she gets to like go crazy
and this is her like Kathy Bates
you know misery kind of role where she's
bonkers and I should have played up the
camp it looked like it was gonna be kind
of a slightly silly horror movie but
that's not the case no if you have EXO
Octavia Spencer like partying with high
schoolers like there's limitless
potential for the nominate they were
going like yet the way it's or when you
watch the trailer you see that and
you're like oh my gosh that's why I was
curious about it it's like I don't know
she is she was like emotionally scarred
when she was younger like bullied mocked
oh so they gave her like she's a back
story like a back story yeah she tried
to make a real movie
yeah and then our teens have a dated
token black friend that she puts in
Whiteface at the
oh so he could be white and and and I
think they thought it would be creepy
and it just came off like odd and does
she hacked any up with a butcher knife I
think she stabbed somebody crazy Octavia
Spencer running around with a knife
killing teenagers would be wonderful
slaw she has a daughter that she keeps
like locked upstairs that never is let
out or is rarely let out while all the
kids are partying downstairs there's
like a gate that separates her she's
trying to protect her obviously from the
outside world from being hurt so yeah it
goes more in that direction and it
doesn't go in lock like like I'm gonna
stab everybody yeah yeah I'm crazy I
just think it's so kind of seriously
that's unfortunate it doesn't let loose
with the fun now I think I think there
may have been may have been aiming a
little higher than they should have they
should have aimed much much lower
because Octavia Spencer is great you
know she was a great actress she's good
I've seen her nothing but she's seen her
no pivotal performances MA in MA you
know she's in the first spider-man movie
the Sam Raimi spider-man movie there's
no featherweight division you small fry
next started there now she's in MA this
is the most fun I've had in a long time
movies like ma or the curse of La
Llorona disposable well there there are
things that I know will end like unlike
TV show I don't I mean sure I know this
will end yeah in 1 hour and 28 minutes
and and I don't have to keep watching it
yeah in order to ultimately be
disappointed
well that's something rich and I kind of
talked about when we talked about the
boys the Amazon series you know what I
never watched your show about it because
I hadn't watched the boys yet oh and
then I finally watched the boy yeah but
that was that was we talked about that
how it's like oh this is really well
done this is engaging and interesting
and then you get to the end and it's a
cliffhanger and you're like oh that's
right it's a TV show it's like I wanted
to see this conclude this weird thing
where like TV shows are trying to be
more like movies but they still have to
continue on for seasons or they just
stop that's true and you get no
conclusion did you ever watch the santa
clarita diet oh yeah that I I started
watching I didn't really like it but
that was like three seasons and then
then it's just no I watched the first
two yeah and it was like I've got the
gist I I see what they're doing I got
the premise now I want to get closer to
then I don't I don't I don't even well I
was like I like I would have been happy
with the closure but but I didn't need
more so I don't know there it's it's a
weird it's a weird um it's a weird thing
because it's a certain like talk about
Star Trek discovery right oh you're
gonna just like this continuing thing
and I'm like and I got it where it's not
what what story do we want to tell it's
what do we have to do to make this last
longer yeah that's it that's exactly it
some some shows it works with like I
don't know I always talk about breaking
bad cuz you never seen it I know I know
breaking baby see El Camino I have not
seen El Camino I should I should have
watched it before this but Breaking Bad
is a really well done storyline yeah
that keeps going and then you got shows
you got
like madmen where it's like they're
almost like soap operas where it's like
there is no written conclusion to a soap
opera it's just tune in every week yeah
sure yeah ads but and that's a
continuing story line that just keeps
going yeah we you know I like Star Trek
shows old Star Trek shows because it's a
encapsulated episode yeah we set up a
problem and then we have a conclusion
for this episode cheers or whatever you
say there's an episode it ends yeah and
of course there are always going to be
overarching little plot things that go
on but each you could pull an episode of
cheers out and watch it you pull an
episode of Star Trek out watch it lot of
shows now you can't do that you can't
pull out an episode of maniac with Jonah
Hill and just watch it right right so
you have to be invested from the
beginning to the end and and and if it
doesn't hook you it falls apart yeah
like they're like there's a show called
the Oh a with jason isaacs I was on Star
Trek discovery and it had an interesting
premise and then and that had just
petered out so yeah I mean that's just
the way it is I think if they hold in
long enough to where they know the end
is coming then they can wrap it up yeah
and go ahead meant end it there right
every day then you have quality shit
like Barry the Barry is it's like
breaking bad to where it's good to where
I mean at least after the second season
it was much better than the first it
just gets better
yeah but will it will that fall off the
rails I mean that's that's always been
the case with TV shows but yeah they use
it's weird cuz it used to be like TV
felt so disposable or it's like this is
just something to put on to say that we
can have ads play and now it's like
movies feel more disposable with stuff
like the curse of La Llorona yeah it's
like yeah put it in theaters it'll make
money opening weekend and then we move
on right well it's not a piece of art
it's not forever
yeah the lighthouse is a piece of art
the lighthouse will last
that's not faint praise when I compared
it to the Stanley Kubrick film so it's
it's well well worth seeing
and then everything else this year was
shit what Marvel movies came out this
year spider-man far from home I talked
about it I should have just reviewed cuz
the only reason I watched that movie was
I have a very nice Dolby Atmos surround
sound set up and I mostly watch old crap
that's just in like two channels stereo
so once in a while you gotta you gotta
flex those speakers sure and it was a
wonderful Dolby Atmos surround sound mix
and that's my review of Spyder bed and
far from home other than that movie
spider-man far from home what were the
summer movies this year
yeah even like bigger movies there
wasn't much out there this year aside
from Avengers endgame that was like the
biggest movie of all time now we had
Star Wars to look forward to oh that's a
that's a that's an end game right there
yeah for Disney they should call the
movie end game Star Wars on game why not
confuse people let him go think they're
seeing something else it's an inch it's
going to be an interesting turning point
because November marks the release of
the start of the mandalorian TV show on
Disney Plus which is weird timing it
feels like their focus should be on the
main story the main movies it's almost
like they're doing that November to me
like this hours this other stuff really
they're like they're anticipating rise
of Skywalker not being very successful
yeah well I mean I think it's a very
good bet the rise of Skywalker will do
well at very least its first weekend or
two yeah kind of like last Jedi that
that you know did really well and that
it tapered off more so than the first
one I'm very curious to see what the
rise of Skywalker is and how it will do
yeah because it really is it's like a
big turning point because I think they
just announced that the game of Thrones
guys are not oh they're gone another
Star Wars thing and Rian Johnson was
supposed to have his own trilogy which
seems like a very bad idea
they've been talking about that for
years and then it's like mmm and so it's
like what are they gonna do after rise
of Skywalker
and I think after that they're gonna
focus mostly on TV stuff that seems to
be the the safer bet because because
this new trilogy is not Knut's or not
all they probably hoped it would now
they didn't plan it up because they
didn't plan it out so that's their own
fault for not for just throwing it in
the lap of Ryan Johnson and here write
and direct a sequel yeah so this very
important fucking thing you have
complete creative control go ahead that
seemed weird but yeah I'm wondering to
see how like if the mandalorian is
successful and versus the movie theater
fork in the room its fork in the road
Jim Jarmusch Forks which way do you go
TV or movies yeah and is is rise of
Skywalker going to be worth the
investment
especially since solo kind of flopped
yes yeah but we'll talk ourselves
literally in circles about this topic
talk ourselves the new Grave talking
about Star Wars there's plenty of other
videos on the internet that I'm sure are
talking about there are other people
doing videos about Star Wars yeah so you
can watch those I'm not gonna get into
all that right now
well here's to 2020 and more years of
forgettable junk
it's gonna warm up the coffee Oh
