Nov 3, 2019
Terminator: Dark Fate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hugsy-pQ61U
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1190976704854024193
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156821879787634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-terminator-dark-fate-full-spoilers

Half in the bag.
"Batman?" I keep hitting
Enter but I can't close this fucking
window has computers set my right Oh
lightning-fast VCR repair this is Mike
how can I help you or Alice mr. blinken
where the hell are you - you're supposed
to be fixing my VCR oh yeah well today's
our day off mr. blinky we were just
there yesterday remember
well why are you here today I told you
it's a day off and on our day off we're
gonna go see terminator dark fate I
thought that just came out like last
year bombed
no no mr. Plunkett that was Terminator
Genisys it's called Terminator dark fate
dark fate yeah dark fate dark fate
oh wait wait so what does that that
tomato sex yeah technically this would
be the sixth Terminator film but in
actuality it's Terminator 3 what he made
its Terminator 3 thought Terminator 3
was Terminator 3 well there was a
Terminator 3 called Terminator 3 rise of
the machines but now they made this one
and this is actually a sequel to
Terminator 2 Judgment Day
so Terminator 6 is the sync well
determinate er - yeah well then waters
Terminator 3 well - in Terminator 3 had
a John Connor in it and Sarah Connor the
character we wait that's John Connor in
Terminator 3 but that's a different guy
yeah by the time they made Terminator 3
Edward Furlong was too old and bloated
so they got a guy named Nick Stahl to
replace him so that guy in Terminator
is also John Connor yes it's John Connor
portrayed by a different actor and so
John Connor is off the grid and and he
meets Claire Danes who is a veterinarian
but somehow a lady Terminator came back
through time and another Arnold comes
back to protect him wait wait there's
there's a service the third Arnold
it's another Arnold but this time he's
he's also good
oh wait wait what about that Arnold and
the fourth one the final then the fourth
one would be a bad one because that's
Terminator Salvation so that's another
Brad Arnold yes well he's only in it at
the end and it's a CGI Arnold and who's
that guy that that bad Arnold is trying
to kill on the fourth one mr. plinkus
trying to follow a lot I'm trying to
follow on time salvation that takes
place in the far future where John
Connor is currently leading the
resistance wait a minute that's John
Connor but that's a different guy yes
this time John Connor is portrayed by
Christian Bale Batman yeah Batman and we
meet young Kyle Reese played by Anton
Yelchin wait that's Kyle Reese but
that's different guy yes and in
Terminator Salvation Claire Danes is
replaced by Bryce Dallas Howard you may
remember her from such films as Jurassic
world and Jurassic world Jurassic world
Park so Claire Danes isn't Claire Danes
from Terminator 3 Claire Danes
Terminator Salvation right ok so then
that happens in the future and then we
get to the next Terminator I'm not sure
what happens in the next Terminator at
all yeah and in Terminator Genisys oh
that's yeah it's not now it's the
original bad Arnold also it's not
another Arnold that's the same Arnold
from t1 from Terminator 1 oh my god my
brain hurts and he raises Sarah Connor
from being a little girl wait that's
Sarah Connor but that's a different girl
Kyle Reese also comes back
Carl Reese that's Kyle Reese but that's
Jeffrey guy it's a different guy Michael
Biehn would be way too old to play Kyle
Reese to the 1970s to raise up young
Sarah Connor him and Sarah Connor built
a time machine in a sewer what they they
discover that that John Connor himself
has now traveled through time
wait that's John Connor but that's a
different guy yes John Connor is now
played by Jason Clarke who looks nothing
like Christian Bale he's a super super
advanced human hybrid Terminator with
nanobyte technology in him why did you
fight what why did John Connor get the
time machine in the first place I don't
remember his John Carter solution to
everything is to send more Arnolds back
in time you think with all this decided
to go himself what I'm saying John
Connors solution to every problem in
this franchise has been to send
terminators back in time why don't they
all just go back in time why don't they
just go back to the time of dinosaurs
wait is that how Claire Danes ended up
in Jurassic world mr. Flint get this
this conversations become far too
confusing in fact I wish I could go back
in time and not answer the phone what so
I can understand the Terminator
franchise I hear you brother goodbye
goodbye well Jay let's go see Terminator
dark fate
oh I think all the vodkas gone Mike
goddamn it now what am I gonna put in my
crystal head how about this what is that
why it's some kind of Romulan food pack
ration oh it's from the hit TV series
Star Trek Picard wow that looks like oh
wow that looks like a like a screen-used
prop yeah it is how the hell did you get
that I guess it might be worth something
someday somewhere out in space a Romulan
child is starving oh it smells like an
open grave Oh what's this there's so
many new things on the desk Otis what is
this other item here oh that's our
Terminator dark fate poster we got it as
a consolation prize for seeing the movie
and you know it's kind of funny too is
since we're gonna talk about the
Terminator Dark Fae this is a sculpt it
like a metal skull with the red eyes
that the t800 looked like and which was
created by Skynet and then
coincidentally Legion a completely
different a I also created terminators
that look pretty much identical
they created the exact same thing I
guess that's just the natural evolution
of an AI you know just this is metal
robot skeletons with the red eyes well
it wouldn't be a terminator sequel if it
didn't completely ignore the themes of
Terminator 2 no fate but what we make
never minds
whoops like what did you think of
terminator the force awakens be- flesh
c+ well you got a graded on two things
as just a movie that you can just watch
and as a terminator 2 sequel okay first
of all the Terminator franchise is
fucked beyond recognition that's why I
can't get horribly upset about this even
though a lot of the connections are
awful I just it's yeah but this doesn't
matter anymore
very paralleled with that Halloween
reboot because he got an old white lady
and six sequels that they just skipped
over ya and said they don't exist
because that that one was a direct
sequel to Halloween one yes they skipped
all those sequels Halloween to Halloween
three which didn't have anything to do
with Michael Myers but then Halloween 4
with the little little girl Jamie Jamie
and then Halloween five and six and then
it's Halloween in space and then
Halloween with Busta Rhymes yes so that
was the progression they just skipped it
all and that's basically what they did
here they went from Terminator 2
Judgment Day and went right to terminate
her deep fake and I think Terminator
Genisys I don't remember much of it
anymore but I think that ignored
Terminator 3 in Terminator Salvation but
it's sad someone goes back in time
Terminator goes back in time to kill a
future leader of the resistance and then
someone else comes back in time to
protect them it's the same thing those
crazy bastards they did it again all
right well turn Terminator Genisys was
like yeah an attempt to fix the
franchise because they they they went
back in time yeah and he he it was like
Kyle Reese and the t800 went back to
1984 and it was like the they recreated
the opening of the original Terminator
with laundry day right nothing cleaning
all that nice night for a walk
wash day tomorrow nothing clean right
nothing clean right nice night for a
walk
wash day tomorrow nothing clean right
nothing clean right but it turns out
that Arnold had gone back even further
to when Sarah Connor was young and
prepared her for the 1984 incident so
she was not just a hapless waitress
working in a restaurant she was shooting
a big machine gun and and then then
there's a t-1000 that also back at the
same time in 1984 yes oh that's right
and he's also wearing a cop uniform for
no reason other than they didn't
terminate her - right and then and then
in the years leading up until 1984 Sarah
Connor and Arnold was called
Arnold cuz he's a good one he's a good
one in all of them now Terminator 2 they
set that up and is like oh that's a
clever twist but now it's always the
case yeah her and Emilia Clarke right
her and Arnold built a time machine in a
sewer time displacement device that sent
them to 2017 the present day we talked
about a ninja turtle sequel sounds like
so in that timeline Sarah Connor you
know is a young woman in 2017 and earned
present-day so then yeah that they just
said none of that happened and then we
go back to this movie it's a do-over
it's it's it's different than like a
soft reboot or a reboot yeah it's it's a
do-over
this needs a new term maybe we call it a
jump back because Halloween did that and
it erased you know it's like it's almost
like time-traveling itself you're like
what Skynet does is like yesterday at
some point you go back and you say no
this is the sequel yeah what you can't
do because those movies exist and we've
seen them and that's why this movie is
more watchable because my expectations
for Terminator movies is so low it's
like oh this is fine but if you're
watching it as a direct sequel to
Terminator 2 the first five seconds of
the movie or an embarrassment we're not
gonna make it
so John Connor aka Edward Furlong
himself in digital form and then
digitally D aged Linda Hamilton said is
that what happened it's not like a
cutscene oh no oh you think they would
shoot this scene for terminators who
know well know like like maybe young
used to footage of some unused shots of
her on a beach maybe but god damn is it
looking good yeah it looks great it's
either digitally D aged or completely CG
but yeah her and John Connor is the
exact same age as he wasn't Terminator 2
I'm guessing they got an actress with
like the same like head shape as younger
Linda Hamilton and then kind of like
morphed a digital face on her who knows
what they did with Arnold - I mean they
did that in Terminator Salvation there's
the first and that that looked digital
but no but then there was a digital
Arnold in Genesis - oh that's right yeah
that one look he was just completely CG
I think it's like a muscle guy who had
the same body type he really just you
know so they don't have to make the
whole body we got to keep digitally D
aging actors because we can't make new
movies look at the pretty goddamn good
they look great and it was the the first
thing you see in the movie is that like
camcorder footage of Linda Hamilton
freaking out as a couch or near to this
great scene and that's the great seal
rant by her yeah it's so perfect and I
was like wow and the movie starts there
down there down in Mexico because that's
how to to ends Linda Hamilton has saved
her son they've also stopped the
causality loop by melting the original
chip which miles been the Dyson used to
create Skynet yeah through a chip that
exists because of it Terminator 1
because of Terminator 1 yeah they threw
it in the hot lava and then Arnold says
I got the one more chip but we got to
melt it and then we stop the bad future
from happening yet we have a very
emotional ending little Edward Furlong I
order you not to go and he does the
thumbs up dude one of the best endings
to to a sci-fi film then in this film we
learned that a bunch of other random
terminators are just being sent they I
guess at the same time that they sent
the terminate the t1000 back in
Terminator 2 they just sent other Arnold
terminators back as well it's so stupid
and then he just walks up and shoots
them in front of all these people we're
not gonna make it look like a beach
resort Oh God
okay well but I guess you know what
though like it didn't negate then here's
another problem and I'll talk about the
positives too because there are many
things I liked about this movie but
another problem too is that killing the
killing of John Connor was utterly
pointless at that point he Arnold I
think in this movie says something like
I didn't know that design that didn't
happen it's based on a wacky
misunderstanding like a sitcom
it's like Three's Company I was still
going under my programming to kill John
Connor and so yeah it's like okay well
just you know Oh shitty luck for Linda
Hamilton
you know they shot just save the day oh
we're not gonna make it
are we he's no longer going to become
the future resistance leader because
Skynet doesn't happen he's just some kid
who's gonna grow up to be a car mechanic
which could be an interesting story if
you made that movie about we stop like I
was going to be the leader my mom went
crazy cuz she knew the world was ending
we stopped it all now what do we do or
in therapy some sort of yeah I'm not
even like but it's some sort of like
moral thing or some sort of like
psychologically how do you deal with
that
that would be thoughtful Draya that's
that's terminator terminator - or
thoughtful film the the neat thing about
Terminator 2 is that there's one Arnold
and one t1000 and they're there - sent
back in time that's it's like that's how
we could send yeah and they have to do
battle for the fate because the world's
no closed apocalypse and we have limited
resources limited resources and then but
so now we learn that Skynet sent many
ARMs back over the course of years
because it is a just sudden while back
at the same time no no because remember
Linda Hamilton my name is Sarah Connor
Sarah Connor stays in contact via text
message with Carl yeah and every couple
years she's om attacks a with
coordinates on where the new terminators
were appearing over time I hunt
terminators I think Skynet said okay
well son one two 1984 one - 1985 oh so
the starting point was the same starting
point was the same I think they popped
in throughout the timeline just in case
the first like three failed and there's
a fourth one in 1993 then there's a
fifth one in 1997 just keep trying to
kill John Connor that almost alone would
be enough for a movie
sure but then they still have to make
Terminator 2 again we saw it would it be
called growing up with terminator my
high school prom they're more of a mild
inconvenience of the college graduation
John Connor do not take that diploma hey
guys the birth of my first child my
wedding why do you keep showing up
all the important events of my life
those darn terminators that's what I'll
be called yeah great yeah John Connors
just trying to live a normal life yeah
and as his mother his mother is always
around she shows up at his job like
armed to the teeth that's working in a
cubicle I thought today might be the day
John no bomb what's wrong with your mom
dude his coworker is the same kid that
he was friends with in Terminator 2 the
red-haired kids salute your shorts yeah
for all I know this could be the plot of
that Sarah chronic Sarah Connor
Chronicles show that nobody watched
oh yeah there's might be about that who
knows everybody forgot about that
sarah connor then says like yeah she's
talking to grace the Augmented human
from the future and she says well Skynet
and grace is like what's that
no no it's called bleach and so no
matter what you do at some point your
Google Alexa devices will start and the
apocalypse yeah someone somewhere on the
planet will get AI to a point where it
will want to kill humanity and it'll
turn itself into endoskeleton and
coincidentally the robots will look
exactly the same in any scenario yeah I
mean there are some like they showed a
clip from the future where there was
like one with like tentacle arms and
some crazy shit going on but eventually
the actual terminators they all look the
same
I mean like you think an AI would be
smart enough to just manufacture a
biological weapon that would just wipe
out humans and yeah like well I was
thinking about that or like during
because of complex robots is well I
figured out that they're in the first
you know that it's the same scene from
Terminator 2 where John Connors in the
hallway of the mall and then Arnie shows
up and then the t1000 shows up and they
fight there's that same scenario with
the new girl and this who's the new you
start out thinking she's the new Sarah
Connor but she turns out to actually be
John Connor what's her name debby Dina
in the movie yeah the most gettable
Danny the most forgettable character in
the movie which is a problem but that
scene happens and so we have the two
robots fighting and is this like with
the way things of advanced technology is
advanced this seems so outdated like
having this kind of scene you look at
the first Terminator and it's like
quaint and cute how Arnold's like
looking in the phone book to try to find
Sarah Connor but that's because it was
made in the 80s that's what we knew but
the entire concept of the Terminator at
this point of yeah sending a robot back
in time to kill someone just feels
really like corny and outdated now cuz
yeah he said they creates some sort of
biological weapon and just nuke
everybody it's like if your house wasn't
infested with mice right what do you do
you build lots and lots and lots of tiny
robotic mice to individually attack them
all yeah
not put poison out right that's what
people do yeah yeah thousands and
thousands of tiny robotic mice that have
mice fur over them designed to look like
other mice you go through that kind of
trouble right yeah that sounds right
when you're dealing with a biological
organism that can easily succumb to
disease yeah so you're right
like like a man covered in rubber like a
robot covered in rubber skin that's kind
of kind of looks like a person sent back
in time to kill somebody and he's kind
of indestructible like not really but
you know you hit him with a truck and
you know it'll still get up and it great
concept and and and it's perfectly
quaint and but now the robots are like
out of control crazy indestructible and
yeah you're trying to kill some girl and
it's like it's overkill yes and the
concept has gotten out of control to
where it's ridiculous but this is all to
see this is all the things you think
about as far as like a sequel to a great
movie tourney or two is a great movie
and then now it's just a convoluted mess
yeah but it's still this movie is still
the best sequel since Terminator 2 yeah
which is faint praise but it's true I'd
have to rewatch salvation I remember
thinking that that one was okay there
was some kind of motorcycle chase in
that book it was pretty neat a lot of
people hated that one just I don't know
I it's not a great Terminator movie but
at least it did something different yeah
and all these other movies are the exact
same thing it felt more standalone ish
and I don't remember there being like
more time-travel II kind of stuff I
think they're trying to like branch off
the franchise and that was supposed to
be the start of a new trilogy yeah
and then this it's now it's like I'll be
back and I'm here to protect you and
let's go back to what we know and I
think the worst part of this whole movie
was Linda Hamilton and Arnold
Schwarzenegger I'll be back I I really
liked Grace ya prize early on I thought
she was great
I thought the actress was great I
thought like that idea of just an
enhanced human being sent back and I
really liked that vulnerability shed
where she can only fight for so long
before becoming like ill and needing
medicine
that scene when they bust into the
pharmacy like all that stuff that whole
like first act went right off the bat
when she rescues the girl from the car
manufacturing plant and they go full
like they go full third act right up
right off the gate
you know big crazy action yes the big
hidden drivin the the pickup truck and
it's it's home it's like the end of t2
when he's smashing the car it's kind of
the exact same point in the story is t2
when he's driving the semi and they go
into the like aqueducts no I'm talking
about the ending when he's also the
driving the semi no and he's like
Arnold's driving the little pickup truck
he's this is the vehicles paparazzi and
he's like stark smashing and there's a
helicopter or member of the helicopter
it's just like a bonkers chase until
they end up at the smelting plant yeah
so that was like boom and I was like oh
no like I loved the movie up until that
up until like Linda Hamilton showed up
yeah and then I was like because I knew
that scene was so big I was like I would
love that scene at the end as I was
getting it bigger isn't it that opening
action sequence in the daylight in
Mexico when grace is throwing the rebar
at the guy and build up to that it was
like that's this action scene is so well
done and I was really enjoying it and I
understood what was happening her her
actions as as a enhanced human were kind
of the actions that normal like your
your your female protagonist who's an
action hero would do in a movie oh sure
yeah really yeah and I'm like okay I am
okay with this because she's an enhanced
human and I get that and then at the end
she wasn't just like I'm super enhanced
I'm awesome
she's like I'm gonna fucking
pass out because I need medicine
because my body's at it's lit the
characters are all vulnerable yes that's
great yeah except for the ending that
way halfway through look you have a 98
year old woman who's who's flying out of
a plane inside of a Humvee crashing onto
hoover dam in going into the water old
people just have to turn slightly they
injure themselves but Mike Linda
Hamilton Sarah Connor is the most badass
action hero let's ever exist so we have
to have her do that more this is a great
kick-ass action hero she's not waiting
to be hunted by a terminator she hunted
them if she if that was her scene in the
beginning when she showed up and just
kind of fired guns at the guy maybe she
just said I'm gonna stay behind in me a
cabin okay maybe she maybe she you it
was used as like a foil for when the Rev
9 showed up and she distracted him and
then died user in a more believable
scenario and then after that Sarah
Connor is going you know because I don't
believe a 96 year old woman can do any
of that without becoming horribly
injured and that's what you know well
there's that part where her shoulders
dislocated and then grace puts it back
in and then she's just fine again it's
like she should have been like limping
around like for the rest of the movie
she could have broken her or her
shoulder by relocating yeah elderly
bones pretty easily and so so I'm not
asking for believability in a Terminator
film but I had it cuz you know the
girl's brother Diego dies and it's sad
it gives her a little motivation gets he
gets injured in a car crash as you would
know and yeah gives her motivation and
and I've wanted Grace Danny fighting rev
9 sure I know that would be exactly
Terminator 1 but but then throwing
Arnold in there and trying to their best
to fucking explain why he's there oh it
was a robot and then over time I learned
emotions and he he cuddled John Connor
and his wife he killed John Connor and
then over time he started to feel bad
about it a fucking robot cut to the clip
of Kyle Reese and Terminator 1
explaining the the motivations of a
terminator
that Terminator is out there I can see
you're very upset it can't be bargained
with that can't be bargained with
it can't be reasoned with it doesn't
feel pity or remorse or fear and it
absolutely will not stop
ever until you are dead I'm going to
help you predict the girl they wanted
they wanted Arnold from t2 yes
but Arnold from t2 got dipped into hot
molten metal you can't get him back by
any reasonable stretch of the
imagination
no there's just another so there's just
another one and that that's what that's
what made this movie shitty because I I
can picture like I would Tim Miller
directed this who did Deadpool and and
and there was like Tim Miller story by
June 15 people for the story yeah
somebody said well you got to have
Arnold in it yeah why don't we bring
back Sarah Connor well you got to have a
a sequence where a plane crashes and
everyone floats around in zero g and
fights each other why I don't know I put
that in there put this in there put that
in there put this in and so I would
imagine Tim Miller seems like a smart
clever guy the Deadpool movies were good
yeah I don't know I would imagine he
would be like yeah are you sure about
Arnold calling himself Karl and having a
loveless marriage out of convenience for
some poor woman yeah we do not have sex
I
she loves me because I listen and I
raise her son what yeah it was weird to
do remember when Arnold cheated on his
wife maria shriver
yeah romantic made oh they had a love
child and and he's a grown up dude now
yeah he's like 20-something and just
saying it was eerily that's why if there
was one more writing credit on this
movie it would have been Arnold and he
would have said get that out of there
right or I won't be back but yeah like
that's the central idea that like you
mentioned the Grace character like I
liked her as nicely I like that actress
Mackenzie Davis
she she's our Miller she's on a really
good episode of black mirror and she was
Tully in the movie Tully with Charlize
Theron yes yes she's a good actress and
it was nice to see her in like a big
movie like this and she handles it well
I was worried like you see like the
promotional images for this movie and
it's
the three women walk in and I was like
oh no they're gonna be like like
feminist movements J that let something
to mention I haven't seen any like like
Ghostbusters esque this this movie is a
new the first all-female action movie I
haven't seen any of that for this movie
which is weird yeah but I saw that like
that image I was like they're just gonna
be like like heartless action heroes
with like you were saying I'm like where
they can just do anything and they're
not there given enough material to work
with they try to even give a Linda
Hamilton some stuff to work with they
all have like vulnerability and they're
all like they're they're well done even
though the Danny actress is kind of
forgettable he's the most forgettable
character in the movie and the whole
thing is like she's the crux of the
story I'll be back
one where was the one where John Connor
traveled through time and a T 5,000 body
from the future inhabited his oh that's
Genesis that's Genesis yeah and you're
somewhat John Connor is a terminator now
and you're like I didn't what are we
doing some asshole's ideas like how about
John Connors the bad guy these movies
are like Taco Bell was like the same
five ingredients and five ingredients
and they just put them in different
orders that's the best analogy that you
could possibly come up with I think the
fact that this one doesn't get horribly
convoluted is what keeps it kind of on
the rails right dad why it's the best
one since t2 yeah as faint praise as
that is they're not trying to do some
weird overly complicated confusing
sci-fi plot like they did with Genesis
but that kind of makes it less
interesting though like Genesis goes off
the rails but at least that's I don't
know is so bizarre it's kind of
interesting it's almost free I cannot
hold
oh no this one's just like hey like
terminator here's another one
yeah I'm just bigger with more up to
date action sequence yeah which
unfortunately makes one and to
antiquated
and kind of pathetic in hindsight but I
will take that any day over the airplane
sequence so they drive it to a military
base rev nines on a helicopter is flying
and jumping out of a helicopter
exploding and then they oh let's get in
this gigantic military cargo plane and
then they get in the military cargo
plane and then they're just flying it
and then there's jets yeah I thought it
was okay that they take this plane and
grace just like hope they don't shoot us
down anyway let's talk about the plot
we're talking about the story and you
just stole a military-grade cargo plane
based on some guy was yelling they have
the authority to do it conveniently and
then Oh Reb nine steals a different
cargo plane and rams into into fighter
jets and then just keeps flying I'm
pretty sure any midair collision would
both planes but maybe not and then rams
into their plane so then the back of the
cargo things open and everyone's
floating around well in Arnolds a van is
in there to Arnold because I drove the
van into the yes the plane as it was
taking off I guess is that what happened
so then yeah he crashes is playing in
the airplane and then there oh my god
there's a there's a Humvee oh yeah yeah
holy with all yeah with a parachute on
it we all got to get in the Humvee then
I'm he flies out that it's hanging on
the side of the dam well she's she's on
Grace's unhooking the parachute while
they're falling I'm like oh yeah she's
hanging on to the bottom of like the
pallet that the Jeep is on boobies on
cross the limits of Grace's abilities
there sure and they crashed there over
damn I think was it Hoover down I thinks
it looked like in the planes
everything's exploding and on the thing
falls off the dam
it's ridiculous but that's why the movie
exists which is the problem there's a
weird thing to mention this earlier but
like yeah when they're riding the train
when they're sitting on top of the Train
they have a long dialogue scene and I
kind of like that they set up that Grace
and Sarah Connor don't like each other
but then that's just kind of dropped at
a certain point but I like that
initially but they're talking about at
this point in the movie you think that
Dani is going to give birth to the
leader of the resistance but then
halfway through the movie it's revealed
and this is the closest they have to a
story to us that if she's actually the
leader but when they're on that change
then Sarah Connor is like you're not
important but your womb is and that just
felt weird coming from Sarah Connor
someone who knows what her place was in
all of this and was a very important
figure in John Connors life it's like
you have to completely ignore your own
past to make a comment like that it was
really bizarre yeah yeah like she had no
importance other than yeah this is super
important saved three billion lives
you're welcome
I never really felt like I was watching
Sarah Connor and I don't know if that's
one probably the writing but also just
like so much time has passed and Linda
Hamilton's olds is this
it was weird I never felt like I was
connected to that character right from
Terminator 2 it's exactly the Jamie Lee
Curtis situation where an incident from
sixty years ago has made them like you
know survival nuts I mean that makes
sense in the case of Sarah Connor yes
less so Jamie Lee Curtis yeah he's gonna
get out come back for me someday at 70
years a guy chased around with a butcher
knife yeah okay yeah usually gonna
become a survival survivalist nut you do
what you have to to make the movie
exists but yeah take it in a different
direction like yeah the natural
evolution from Terminator 1 to
Terminator 2 with her going crazy and
being in an asylum like I'd be curious
to see what happened to her life after
Terminator 2 but Oh John Connor died and
then she's just the same person for the
next 30 years they said I had word
for long in this why not I'm sure he
would have appreciated it yeah I'm no
longer the leader of the resistance
I'm pointless he'd be happy no no robots
are trying to kill you
alright wouldn't be funny maybe he grew
up and became like a like a Mark
Zuckerberg billionaire and created like
Facebook and then started interest in
technology he actually ended up creating
the AI there you go
there's a convoluted twist Sarah's got a
kill John oh my god right now stop
coming up with ideas for future
Terminator movies he's testifying in
Capitol Hill like Mark Zuckerberg always
does like defending his uh his BOTS and
all that technology later John Connor
but he thought Capitol Hill when he
leaves that's when we plant the bomb and
there's the robots and there's no robots
well you can't do a terminator Ruby
would know where it would be great it's
like as if as if if he has the very
first the t1 and it's like the very
first AI prototype that's like kind of
like does you know the Japanese robots
are just like oh yeah and then and then
Sarah Connor just gets open the door and
then just pushes it over and it can't
get up its roll it around on the ground
so Mike would you recommend terminator
dark stool I would say I didn't hate it
it's kind of like on the fence for me it
wasn't enjoyable to a certain degree the
first half was really good and then it
just got a little too stupid I really
enjoyed that very first action set piece
I thought that was great starting from I
like the pharmacy scene after that where
there yeah way up until when grace is
finally just like fuck it she just goes
behind the pharmacy and get yeah
and she was a likable character her
performance was very like yeah I think
they said you know be as human as you
can meet Lane and and and I think you
connected with that because she was like
recited she was vulnerable she had a lot
of emotions going on and and the actress
pulled it off and because it's like yeah
don't act like a fucking robot act human
I am human just enhanced you know
increased speed and strength which means
I can rip your throat out if you piss me
off so don't the worst decision in this
Terminator movie was including Linda
Hamilton and Arnold Schwarzenegger and
that sounds weird to say but you got to
put him in but that that's what that's
what waited the movie down yeah and but
without them it would have been a
essentially a soft reboot of the
Terminator so Jay would you recommend
terminator no no I mean it's watchable I
did like Mackenzie Davis quite a bit in
it and that's kind of about it so I want
to say it was it would like I was kind
of like Oh it'll be nice to see Linda
Hamilton again but then yeah when you
see her and she comes out the first
thing he sees she's got that giant gun
and she's a no badass action star and
like no I thought maybe they could do
something interesting with her character
but nope they don't like I said
si si plus we look for the positives J
we're not just poop ORS we're not just
haters would it Pickers anytime you have
a criticism of a movie it means you're a
nitpick right we are not nitpicking we
are we are thoughtfully analyzing what
works and what doesn't work in in a
movie and that's why I say C+ /b -
because there are things that worked and
there are a lot of things that didn't as
it's one of those movies where you just
think you just want to like go in there
and rearrange all straining yeah
why'd you do that why'd you do this that
really works no this doesn't happen well
you can just you can feel all the
interference all the different all the
different voices yeah do this do that
put this in there when you see
or screenwriters and nine-story buy
credits yeah all for all for just the
simplest story all for terminator to
again offer I have to protect you from
bad things yeah or you die and there is
no leader
that's the plot and then all the other
stuff is just junk
it's just visual junk yeah and like you
said the the previous films the action
scenes service the story this is the
story services the action scenes it's a
complete inverse so you are an on
recommend I am a the hesitant recommend
if you want to see a couple good action
scenes check it out but it's very
skippable Batman
