Sep 8, 2019
IT Chapter Two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIxCrkR5FPQ
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1170789527297974273
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156677168422634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-it-chapter-two

half in the bag it's me Mike yeah
it's back your VCR from the manufacturer
we had to send it off for repairs we
didn't have the parts yes yes you can
pick it up anytime oh my god what are
you reading huh I was reading Stephen
King's it I started reading it back when
we reviewed the first movie and now two
years later I've finally finished it and
was it all you hoped for no spooky Oh we
just saw it Chapter two
we did what did you think J how does a
movie with absolutely no story end up
being three hours long I don't want to
say I hated it but I did not like it and
I wanted to leave really yes the
weirdest thing to me it felt like like
the first movie and then this is it
chapter two but it felt more like just
an adaptation of it because in the
original book it's bouncing back and
forth between the kids and the adults
this movie does that and it gives you
enough with the kids where you didn't
even have to have seen the first movie
that's true yeah and I want to ask you
something
sure let's see if you notice something
everybody loved the kids in the first
movie I think that's a big part of why
it was as popular as it was it cast very
good casts this movie also has a good
casts although I don't think they gelled
as well but great casting of the adult
versions of those kids sure but
everybody loved the kids so they're like
we got to put the kids in the second
movie too we got to bring them all back
and and shoehorn him in and to make the
movie even fucking longer but there's a
big difference between a 12 year old and
a 14 year old and I'm pretty fucking
certain they digitally de-aged these
kids whoa
and and and altered the pitch of their
voices oh I noticed that especially with
Eddie the hypochondriac kid like his
voice was so distracting to me what was
they they altered it someone someone
working in a in a cubicle sea of
cubicles did you
that was 1,500 visual effects artists
job for the last year huh well see you
just re-watched chapter 1 like I I
haven't seen it since it came out in
theaters so I was not as observant of
that as you probably work I
yeah there's a nursing thing many shots
where the other voices especially Eddie
and Finn wilford's voice or is like they
altered that voice okay okay eagle-eye J
this is what we do with movies now we
don't just make a movie we have to throw
in all sorts of needless subplots and
special effects to justify them you know
I was thinking about that while watching
this because spoiler alert not for it
chapter two but for our own content we
recently shot a review of gremlins 2 the
new batch yes
and coming soon coming soon here's still
we talked about how that movie is
basically the structure wise the exact
same beats and plot points and then I
was I was watching this and I'm like
yeah you know that 30 minute marks
important in movies 10 first 10 minutes
are important there's a 30 minute mark
there's there's there's acts lots of big
movies like these kind of movies are
just like like I'd like I always say
movies are just gonna be carnival rides
yeah where there there is no like it's
just like this thing happens this thing
happens this thing the first it was very
well structured it has a moment the low
point in the second act or the kids all
get into an argument yeah they all go
their separate ways before reuniting for
the for the third act and this movie
kind of retcons that or it's like oh
when they had that fight
here's flashbacks to them all going off
and more spooky things happen that don't
forward the story in any way but we have
to have more spooky things yeah the the
are you talking about the part where all
the adults go off to find their their
tokens or their trinkets or well let's
see how that's when we get more
flashbacks to them when they when they
all broke up as children right right
right
and much like the first one this felt
very I thought it started off very
promising and yeah they guess that scene
that's in the book yeah the opening
scene was pretty brutal
the camera or the kids name but yeah the
gay couple right with the I love dairy
hat and that is straight out of the
straight out of the book and that was
actually they throw the bullies throw
them in the water you see him bobbing up
and down kind of his point of view
underwater above water and then when he
comes up one time you see Pennywise and
the distance it's creepy it's the only
moment of subtlety in the entire film
stuff that interests to me the least is
the spooky clown stuff yeah but that's
like the first movie to I was the least
interesting stuff yeah and will probably
repeat a lot of the things we said in
the first review it's very applicable to
this movie although there's a lot of
great visuals and really kind of neat
stuff in this but I like all the
character stuff more and I wished more
than the first maybe well I'm just
focusing on chapter two right now I
haven't seen the character adults in
this movie is that kid stuff I like the
idea of seven people coming back
together as adults and then kind of like
how they've grown up and the the love
story between Beverly and Ben see that
felt completely abandoned for most of
the movie well it becomes like at the
very end yeah but I'm just saying those
things are things I like I say weren't
developed yes but those are the kernels
that's that's the problem nothing felt
developed they weren't developed because
we need scenes with the spooky ecology
that's frustrating and that's what I'm
saying it started off with promise I
think there's there it's balanced better
in the first movie where you have some
good character stuff and then a scary
scene then some good character stuff
this movie was like in good character
stuff spooky stuff happens for two and a
half fucking hours and then we get back
to character stuff at the very ends
right and that stuff felt really
underdeveloped as a result of that
Richie Tozier grown-up
Finn wolf fired in this is Bill Hader it
was kind of the protagonist it's
supposed to be Bill but he has the most
to do he has the most growth in this
movie yeah they subtly hint that he's
gay and kind of pressing it and they
never go too far with that it's at the
end that's handled very tastefully and
well done yeah as opposed to the TV
movie which I recall him just like
laying there you guys I'm gay no no
that's not in the TV movie it's not
Eddie the hypochondriac says that he's a
virgin I could never sleep
somebody that I didn't love and I've
never really loved anyone you guys oh
yeah it's a similar but that's right
that's what happens I remember something
someone says some kind of secret yeah
and they're all like what oh that's okay
you know yeah like patting him on the
back oh right
what is is that stuff in the book not
him being gay no okay and and Eddie's
not a virgin cuz he's married to a woman
that's just like his mother right in
this movie and and in the original book
they didn't do that in the TV movie he
just still lives with his mom so in this
they and that's that was the frustrating
thing they set up all this stuff early
on
Eddie's married to a you know
overbearing overweight woman that is
exactly like his mother and then Beverly
marries an abusive man and like you know
this later cyclers
is repeated right and so it's like they
set up all these things and it could be
a good story about people kind of as
adults confronting their trauma from
when they were kids but it's not really
about that it's not really about
anything in the movie it's just I hated
all the horror stuff in this and it was
more prevalent than the first movie hmm
it felt like a like a kitty goosebumps
movie
I think people like it because it's it's
obviously an important big horror novel
that was kind of like something
different at the time it is it is a
giant cocaine-fueled mess yes so we went
over all that we talked about the first
thing and and and I guess this is maybe
the closest that they could come to
putting it on film
I'd be curious to see it's like a TV
like a miniseries or yeah you'd have to
be longer than two parts the the
original miniseries was George Romero
was attached at one point and who's
gonna be like six parts and then it just
kept getting whittled down whittled down
and so George Romero was like fuck this
and he left and it's two parts this
movie's two parts and it's the same
thing where the first part is the kids
the second part is the adults and the
book it's more bouncing back and forth
between them and I think that works
better because just like the TV movie
this one the stuff with the adults just
isn't as interesting isolated
I think cutting back and forth more
between the kids and the adults and
their experiences that is it altogether
yeah I think I think it ties it together
in a way that neither of the adaptations
I have yeah I mean this this book you
take it and you do it like very
faithfully as like a 13-part Netflix
thing yeah or Amazon thing sure I mean
cuz you know T it's not like not like in
the in the 80s when the TV movie look
like junk
for a while there the first like I don't
know our there wasn't too much
clowns stuff or spooky stuff and I
remember like you know they go to the
Chinese restaurant and they're talking
and there's a lot of talk and I'm like
oh my gosh teenagers gonna be so bored
and then I then I had this like
overwhelming sense of dread that I was
gonna have to sit there and how long how
long the special effects banan's at the
end in order to make up for yeah the the
effort that you had to sit through of
watching people talk and I'm like I like
the parts where people talk more oh yeah
because it's it's unfortunate great yeah
it's it's unfortunate that in the middle
of the movie they all split off and then
we have the same scene over and over
which is one of them goes to a place and
then spooky thing happens and they run
away from the place it's very Nightmare
on Elm Street ish except for they just
don't die at the end of that scene yeah
you know what I mean yeah and which also
knocks the it character down a peg
Freddy at least offed his victims which
which intensified the drama yeah the
fear I mean that I was in the first
movie too and it makes sense from their
kids because the whole idea is that it's
you know he feeds on children and they
taste better this the more scared they
are yeah so he scares them lets him get
away and maybe eat some next time
beep beep lychee so why is this look in
the adult I don't know
cuz that's what happens because even
King look is a crazy person
yeah I think he knows they're back to
get him so he's yeah they're they're
more in the know of his origins and
stuff which they went into a little bit
in this they didn't have such a space
alien they didn't have the space turtle
but they do acknowledge that is some
weird thing from space
but it's it's again like how do we
justify this be in another movie
everybody goes off and does the thing I
don't know things happen they have to go
to their Clubhouse that they built when
they were kids that was not in the last
movie at all we're just gonna put that
in here now man you're so filled with
hate I just it just felt like it's so
much filler for not any payoff I hated
I'm not gonna say that CGI monsters
can't be scary but I'm gonna say in this
movie the CGI monsters are not scary
well I know the conversation that was
had at the studio here it goes okay
ready
yeah in the book there's a giant spider
but people like the clown clown spider
yeah that's called compromise sure sure
what about okay if like Pennywise went
away at that point and they just came up
with some really cool design for like an
alien spider monster i think they were
worried about repeating the first the TV
movie because everybody talks about how
lame that Andina is it was like those
like the gut ray harryhausen out of
retirement which would be fine if that
was like the only big thing but there's
just so many that Paul Bunyan thing
there's the part where that goes into
the her old house her old apartments oh
yeah that's the big goofy-looking it's
not scary is it and I there were parts
where I was wondering if it was supposed
to be funny walk I mean some of it's
intentionally funny but then there's a
there's the part when Eddie goes down to
the basement of the pharmacy yes and
there's a bizarre moment when the leper
from the last movie shows up again
and it starts vomiting on his face and I
felt like they start playing that just
call me angel in the morning song is
it's vomiting on him yeah for just a
second yes and I was thinking I was like
did they shoot this to be scary realize
and editing it wasn't scary so then they
tried to manipulate it to be funny just
to set it up real quick because I was
baffled - Eddie is a germaphobe a
possible victim of Munchausen's syndrome
by a mother and so he's all like
panicked about everything and then that
they the leper is in the first one he's
really grossed and that's right from the
book yeah and then the leper vomits a
black sludge all over them and and it's
this cool shot it kind of turns any evil
dead it's it yeah and it's just the and
it's not funny but but it's like a hard
edit almost like the music doesn't fade
up it just comes in it's so hear me
angel and then BOOM ah
after the cut hard cut the black sludge
that song some it it was like a mistake
every time like it's it's it's some when
you have a horrific image with with
Becky music or vice versa it produces
the laughter sure but then have that
song score the whole scene it was just
just that five seconds yeah it was so
weird
yeah or you have like the there's like a
radio on the desk that falls over and
turns on sure and that song is playing
and they all stop you know don't calm
and display and say oh my god this
horrific yeah monsters trying to eat us
but this song is playing on this radio
and it's really awkward for everyone
involved he's trying to get him in the
songs playing that's like that makes
sense
yes but it was it was not a Dietetic
music track it was part of the
soundtrack
inserted intentionally at a strange
moment for I assume a laughter effect
well yeah but that's what I'm wondering
is like was this supposed to be scary
they realized it looks kind of silly
it looks very like Evil Dead 2 so let's
just drop the song in we've got more
questions than prometheus
you mentioned the old lady turns into
like a goosebumps monster yeah I got big
googly eye yeah but the creepier stuff
is when she peeks around the corner oh
yeah that's we're out of focus in the
distance it's great same with the the
part with Ritchie in the park before the
giant Paul Bunyan thing comes up or
maybe it's after that oh and all the
people in the background are like frozen
yeah it's like oh these little
background things are creepy yeah and he
and Pennywise is sitting on the Paul
Bunyan right yeah that's me float sir
yeah yeah and then he's just taunting
him like stuff like that I prefer the
simpler kind of horror stuff there's the
dead Stan his severed head it turns and
turns into spider which is very obvious
homage to the thing it's even like the
same shots or it's in silhouette and the
spider likes come out and then Richie
says you got to be fucking kidding me
it's like identical to the thing you
"You gotta be fucking kidding."
and then of course it runs around I was so bored
during all of it like in an action movie
when you don't care about anything
that's happening then the action goes on
it's like Man of Steel this is like the
horror version of Man of Steel for me
wow yeah not that bad I didn't hate it
as much as Man of Steel but I was just
so bored through most of it I just
really wanted more character stuff yeah
I wanted that beefed up but people are
going for the thrill ride of monsters
and spooky clowns and jump scares that's
the point of it the first part did a
better job of balancing all that stuff
this movie is like the things that
worked in the first one are lessons and
the things that didn't work or cranked
up I like the premise of an ancient evil
that crashed to earth billions of years
ago that kind of like can change forms
and and feeds on fear and yeah but
through until the very end and and
they've not they never really like
solidify that like that I mean they do
it's so everything so like like
unfocused
like what what you should and shouldn't
do it really likes fear
it wants to eat children the scene under
the bleachers if the little girl was a
good see it was a good scene yeah
Pennywise was very creepy they're very
intimidating and then he's like 1 or 3 2
1 and then he's like drooling yeah and I
that stuff was really good night like
the idea that this evil either just
feeds on children and their fears and
and it's all its weakness is that you
you aren't scared right and that's
that's there but it's not very like like
solidified like you just you know don't
be scared of it don't be scared of image
and then it goes away it just sort of
seems just sort of end yeah and then
it's like okay we have this spider head
that's running around and then they
they're like they stabbed it been stabs
it like a hundred times and then I guess
it's dead but if it just made itself how
did it die you know yeah and I've always
said like horror movies really need very
very clear rules so you can relate it's
like Pennywise is over here when there's
monster it's making monsters and there
there's a but if if they were so so
focused on saying you have to close your
eyes and you know mentally wipe yourself
of fear and then it just shrivels down
that's kind of like the ending when
they're just like they realize that all
spoilers this whole things if it
spoilers it's fine um they realized the
way to defeat it is to like reverse to
not be scared of it and they start
shouting at it and calling it names and
you know shrivels up into nothingness I
mean that's the problem is that's
basically what they did at the end of
the last movie as well only they didn't
kill it in that one it just sunk into
the drain or whatever so it's like this
is just an elaboration on that but it
takes him the whole movie to figure out
that that's how you kill it even though
that's what they did when they were kids
now you're the one who's afraid what
they call a mess it's a big loud spooky
mess yeah I do like the running gag
though of Bill is of course a writer
because every Stephen King story has to
have a character that's a writer
the repeated thing of this movie or
everyone's saying that his endings suck
because that's the big complaint about
Stephen King is that his endings always
suck and Stephen King has a cameo on
this movie and he says himself that the
endings always suck
which is wonderful it was a nice little
like because I always remember the
Stephen King adaptations from like the
80s and 90s he would always have his
little cameo it was like Stanley before
Stanley you know he show up in his movie
so it's nice to see him in this again
it's not a very good actor that's fine
he got run over by a car he gets a pass
yeah he gets a pass it's not it's no
it's not his performance and Creepshow
also additionally I wanted to say in the
first part chapter 1 of this or even in
the book there was this like energy in
the town they're just there they want to
keep to themselves
ignore the waters that's that's a part
of the original story and the TV movie I
saw mr. Ross across the street he looked
so concerned I thought he was going to
help me but I couldn't believe it he he
just turned around and went inside and
kind of the first part of it it's
chapter 1 blood but that's completely
abandoned in this movie there's no
citizens of Derry in this movie all the
streets are empty they're at that hotel
nobody's working there it's like where
is everybody people at that carnival
some people to carnivals some people at
the Chinese restaurant I guess but the
people at the Chinese restaurant who if
someone was smashing a table with a
chair that was a very private room that
they had at that show does you see
people through the like the way the
window wood slats and they're just like
extras like doing the extra thing and
then wouldn't the whole right nobody
knows yeah also in that scene we were
talking about sound editing and that
you're talking about the song that
awkwardly played there is a part where I
think it's McEvoy and Chastain they kind
of you know that's a table of the six
characters they kind of focus on them
and everybody else is there their soft
focus and there's looping audio of them
like chit-chatting yeah and and it's
it's very badly mixed it's it's like um
you know clearly you're supposed to
focus on those characters and where the
the other characters are chit-chatting
right and it's like their volume just
drops dramatically and obviously so
we're supposed to focus on that I get
that sir but if you hear like Bill Hader
talking and he's like yeah something
about something something and then their
cameras kind of and then you see Bill
Hader and he's not talking I noticed
that yeah
it was very confusing as film editors
ourselves we tend to notice things like
that and I was like there was like just
two characters talking yeah and it was
like whoa all the things you should be
focusing on on a movie well we're we're
weirdos you know I don't I don't focus
out that stuff if I'm engaged by a story
I don't even think about those things
but that's true when you're bored your
mind wanders if your details
this movie felt it was weird because it
felt overstuffed
but also underdeveloped I don't know I
but this is so changed from the book
that's the thing there's so much from
this that isn't in the book J and
there's the stuff that's in the book
that's loud
spooky clouds with scare you get your
popcorn watch and leave why are you
still talking
he needs to know but if that's the case
why even put it in the movie like Bill
having a wife she has much larger role
in the original story she's in one scene
in this the very beginning never brought
up again
doesn't show up at the end they bring
the bully back you know Pennywise those
breaks him out of his insane asylum with
the help of corpse is this real what's
happening he has a bigger role in the
story and here he just kind of vanishes
from the movie gets murdered they kill
him no he's gone
no nothing to do with anything almost a
Native American axe yeah why is he even
there like Pennywise needs his help to
stab people because any wise can can't
do it himself I don't know in the
original story it's like he takes one of
them out I want to say it's Mike and
some Mike can't go down into the sewers
with them so it's like they're not as
strong because they're right all
together but here they all go down to
the sewer so it doesn't matter it's just
like a gigantic waste of time even
putting that character in the movie well
your number one priority is spooky clown
scene and that's that's what you build
that's your framework yes it's not a
plot it's spooky clown scenes and you
have to have them strategically placed
throughout the running time yeah and
then you say how do we fill this gap
between these 2 spooky clown scenes well
how about this this scene from the book
that'll be kind of shoot we put over
here I don't know you know it's it's a
mess this book is 'm is a mess it has
great ideas it has 38 different great
ideas that are all not developed into
perfect ideas
I think the bigger issue is that the
movie is just not scary at all it's it's
jump scary it's it's scary to you know
your teenager eating popcorn
I guess because there's creepy there's
creepy imagery every so often and
there's it's it's the jump scare version
of scares you you want that overarching
dreadful terrifying horror movie that
has deeper implications well I think I
suppose like
scares are like horror films what makes
things scary is like an intimacy and
like doing like epic horror like this
where it's like like an Avengers movie
but for horror like I don't know rest it
doesn't work for me I know a lot of
people of the first movie and I like a
lot of stuff in the first movie but this
one was like all the worst things about
that one just just escalated that's for
this service I found it boring and
exhausting at the same time
we need to finish
that's speaking of ADR there was another
thing when the bully shows up in Eddie's
bathroom and like stabs him through the
cheek and then Eddie's hiding in the the
shower stabs him as Eddie's leaving it's
like they eighty aired a line where he
makes fun of the bully still having a
mullet oh yeah yeah and it's like he's
like yelling it as he leaves the
bathroom it was incredibly awkward and
that was another moment like the
vomiting thing or as like did they do
that in editing to try and make it funny
because it wasn't scary yeah yeah maybe
they like you know test audience said
like oh that part was weird it was
there's a lot of door just a screenings
of people said yeah it's a little weird
he's just standing there you should say
something to him you should make a like
a funny Marvel esque joke at the end of
your horror scene mode off I don't know
can you imagine like a test audience
today like a modern audience there go
there go to an advanced test screening
of like The Shining what a fucking
nightmare that would be so boring just
keeps typing that one sentence over and
over again what kind of book is that
gonna be no no no that's cuz he's crazy
he should be typing some kind of poem
that's what I say maybe we can ADR
Shelley Duvall saying oh my god you've
gone crazy so that they understand
what's happening in the film Jack
Nicholson's performance did not indicate
he's way too subtle
I thought he had some kind of problem
if there's 50 scary moments in this
movie there's 12 to 17 ones that really
worked little girl under the bleachers
getting tea from the old lady there's a
couple of them and then there's ones
that just took it too far
yeah Paul Bunyan and dad big man landing
with the spider but then it's like kind
of works it was to me it was like this
the stock market graph it wasn't like
like this just just just decline of like
Oh God when does this end it was like a
like a hospital monitor like Harley's
you know what I mean like just hanging
in there until the end and then as a
whole looking back at it than just going
what a big big mess we don't have a
choice
I'm done talking about this film I don't
want to talk about it anymore Mike would
you recommend it chapter 2 I I would
I think it's dull it's it's dull to you
you have a different sense of horror I
think even as far as because I like some
of the bigger like I like the insidious
movies because they're like inventive
and they always bring that up my
characters I like some like I like the
conjuring stuff just fine let less less
big big horror set pieces and more
character stuff I know you are more of a
black coats daughter kind of yeah have
you seen the trailer for his new movie
no how's Perkins know I've leaned up the
girl who played little Bev from it isn't
it oh it looks great what's a coat it's
called Gretel and Hansel
oh is it what I think it's about yep
okay all right you know who plays the
witch brie Larson so I don't know I'm
kind of like on the fence on a
recommendation
it's a and you say no I'm gonna say no
and I've actually grown to like part one
more because I was kind of like mixed on
that when we first reviewed it the stuff
I liked about it I've grown to kind of
is outweighed the negative for me so I
was kind of mildly looking forward to
this one but they were half the length
maybe that would help a lot it's just
filled with so much extra junk yeah but
no just feels like the extended version
that they re release in theaters more
cash the midsummer director's cut that
recently came out I don't want to watch
more of that
anyways I have some more phone calls to
make okay I'm gonna start reading it
again
we're starting over from the beginning
I'll see you again in three years see if
there's anything you missed yeah hello
it's Mike yeah
it's back yeah
the monster from space that eats
children yeah it's back wait we have to
go down into the sewers and then find
where it's spaceship crashed and perform
a Native American ritual that doesn't
work and then yell at it until we rip
its beating heart out and squeeze it
yeah yeah can you do next week next two
Thursdays from now okay all right bring
some flashlights
