Jun 23, 2019
Child's Play (2019)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOtP5hed99w
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1142780333370368002
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156494955322634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-childs-play

Half in the bag.
from the producers of it it's the
childsplay reboot and this movie proves
that no one's ever really gone
especially Chuckie a hundred and fifty
years after the first child's play film
and 34 subsequent sequels we finally get
the reboot that no one asked for child's
play tells the story of April Ludgate
and her stupid son who live in a nasty
apartment and have a body doll that goes
bonkers and kills people at least the
trailers were good
Ju wanted to do this episode because you
love child's play films I do more than
me more than more than most people yeah
probably more than is healthy yeah
you're a real big fan of the child's
play series yeah more specifically I'm a
fan of Chucky I mean I made an oath
years ago at the top of a mountain that
I would see every child's play movie
that is ever made and I have to stick by
that so here we are yeah the biggest
detriment to this movie is that it's
called child's play because it's
different enough that it could have just
been its own killer doll movie they
changed so much of it it doesn't really
matter but the character is all of the
same names but there are different
characters it's odd I had some good
laughs in it i junked that it's a reboot
in in my intro there I had kind of a
different take on it while watching it
like instead of calling everything over
like a reboot or remake I wanted to call
this a cover you know how like a band
will cover a song yeah and and it's like
oh that's an interesting take on that
song sure that's I think it's a little
bit more of a positive look at it
instead of just oh it's a reboot it's
another reboot cuz I didn't really like
this movie I'll just say that oh I
sporadically I thought the movie was
kind of a mess structurally mm-hmm and
it lagged a whole bunch narrative thrust
it lacked but I appreciate the the new
take on it especially that it's
basically a parody of your Google home
your echo or whatever yeah Siri whatever
devices that you now have that are smart
you just set off everybody's devices by
saying those names yeah it sorry people
it's it's a kind of a parody that
there's a new 20 19 take on a doll yeah
without being obnoxious like whenever
the movies deal with technology it's
always annoying and stupid but this one
feels kind of more real yeah like how it
would really be yeah but like you know
the band covers a song and they play it
exactly the same like when Weezer
covered Africa oh god it's like
virtually indistinguishable from the you
know you want to you want a band to
cover a song to do their own twist on it
yeah change it up and oh that dad so
super weird different style of band is
covering a song by a band that's totally
not their style that's neat
I like that so that's kind of what this
felt like um but you know suffice to say
the original is still better yeah it's
it's I was expecting based on the
trailers for this to be a more kind of
serious movie than it ended up being the
whole movies like a joke it's that good
dark comedy which I appreciated and
which made more sense when you're
watching it why April Ludgate was in it
I liked Aubrey Plaza quite a bit
especially on Parks and Rec but when it
comes to like Hollywood movies she's
always been completely misused
Mike and Dave neat wedding dates and
that type of trash and it's like oh so
she's gonna play the mom and a horror
movie that's a terrible decision but it
turns out to be great because both her
and her son kind of bond over having a
kind of similar sarcastic sense of humor
I like that the fact that they they're
good they buy they have the toy is
almost like a joke like this for younger
kids but yeah kind of funny right so all
those things right I thought the
relationship between those two was it
was cute yeah I mean and fit the tone of
the rest of the movie which I don't know
is it fair to call it tongue-in-cheek oh
yeah it's it's kind of it falls into
that like gremlins Krampus kind of like
mean-spirited comedy vibe which I
appreciate it yeah and that made the
gory parts I guess they were worse sort
of funny oh I was laughing like first of
all there's a it's sort of
muddled how Chucky comes to be it's
funny because oh it's hilarious the
opening of the movie yeah because the
corporate advertisement for the Chucky
doll and there's this you know this rich
family in a house and everything's clean
and nice and just got so like a dirty
factory in Vietnam yeah that's when you
get the mean-spirited tone because it's
like there's this guy is being fired and
he's like ha ha ha you're gonna be fired
you're going out on the streets where
you came from you filthy blum and he's
laughing at him so yes well this a
spoiler you're just gonna talk about the
whole movie but yeah a disgruntled
suicidal employee is what created Chucky
and so in the first one there's that
element of mysticism I think it does
like a voodoo ritual he's a voodoo guy
so it's ridiculous ridiculous but it's
very clear-cut and yes always hiding in
Chucky's body and that one the the the
big twist is you know Chucky is moving
for real no one expects him to actually
move I think it's the kid yeah and and
in my back of my mind I haven't seen the
original truck in so long child's play I
just remember that shot where you see
him run by in the background I share
it's like oh gosh that's creepy
yeah this is you know the dolls moving
right off the bat and and talking and
stuff so there's a little deflation of
that kind of buildup in terms of like
horror movie stuff well that's why I say
it almost works better as its own movie
if you don't even think of it as child's
play because it's so different
um it works good as a comedy I wish the
Yaqui did more funny or scarier things
with the technology than just being like
taunting and and evil at the end that's
the thing is a detriment to this is that
Chucky is not really a character it is
just a malfunctioning piece of equipment
right which is why the first Chucky will
always be the best Chucky
but they have some fun with the contrast
between that where he still has this
like chipper personality but he's doing
these heinous things but then sometimes
his eyes turn red it's like is he aware
that he's evil or isn't he it's muddled
see I would have preferred it not the
not the technological guy who disarmed
all the safety guards on purpose it was
like I would have preferred it if there
was like an accident that happened to
the Chucky doll whether he got
electrocuted or fell down the stairs or
something happened that messed his
programming up to where he was a good
guy and he didn't know right from wrong
and really just wanted to be Andy's
friend and and but now it's it was
established in the very beginning that
he was just wrong
yeah I think there's a dark comedy at
concept I think that works but you're
thinking a more of like horror movie
structured thinking more like yeah clear
cut like you said it's it's unclear on
what Chucky is Chucky's motivation
motivation Jackie needs motivation
he has motivation and all the original
movies I know and he grows as a person
it gets a wife at one point he has a kid
he finally embraces being a killer doll
if this is what it takes to be human
and I would rather take my chances as a
supernaturally possessed doll it's less
complicated I don't think I think I
think I saw the second one I just don't
remember anything yeah well the
interesting thing about that franchise
is that every one of them has been
written by the same guy so over the
course of however many fucking years
they've been making those movies it's
had that same sort of creative voice
behind it on the same voice actor too
and and Brad Dourif who you know Mark
Hamill's it's bizarre like two childhood
things coming together child's play and
Luke Skywalker in this movie but he
doesn't go judgin whole Mark Hamill he's
oh he's a giant voice actor is that all
sorts of stuff and I was worried with
this and it would basically just be him
doing his Joker voice but it's not it's
a little more but because he is just a
doll through the whole thing so it has
that kind of innocence to it
he sounds like a Sesame Street character
I think that's what makes it funny so
yeah Bert or Ernie I'm not sure which
one
you know he's got that little
high-pitched voice and when he says like
crazy things in that voice it's funny
and then it kind of takes a little bit
well that that's the thing it's like
yeah don't make a menacing at all if
you're gonna go that route and this
movie models that a little bit but it's
all just so silly that I was I was
entertained all the way through it just
felt so stop Bastardi and it's like oh
why is he killing this guy like why does
he kill the the janitor and the base man
why don't have this blah elongate I know
these are horror movies like you have an
elongated kill scene where it's like get
going I did like the the plot thread
about the release of the next wave
version to and then the big ending and
that yeah I'm the dollar store whenever
I see yeah that was weird it was called
like a it was like a Kmart type store or
like a Walmart but it looks said Mart
but it looked like a goodwill was nasty
I thought it was supposed to be like a
Salvation Army or something right right
I don't know if that's just like that's
the location they had and they did some
set decoration to kind make it look more
like a Walmart or something but it looks
like a dump
which I guess is okay the whole movie
looks kind of dumpy their apartment is
dirty that's part of the look like the
Zedd mark doesn't look like a big-box
store like a target or a Walmart it's
not clean it's not big it's in like a
strip mall where like $1 it would be
like a junk store or secondhand store
yeah it works as like as a contrast to
like the chaos that's going on if they
were in like a almost like the toy store
equivalent of like an Apple store yeah
where everything's like stark and clean
spill some blood on those walls it's
kind of what they do in cult of Chucky
it's in like a mental institute but it's
got like all these like completely like
sterile hallways and anything like that
as opposed to being in this dumpy
goodwill looking in the store I think
would have been kind of neat yeah
the problem - then like you said the the
negative of the movie is that it is a
Chuckie movie when you have when you
would have a smart doll I guess would be
a term for it from modern times it
probably wouldn't look like my buddy
doll with the suspenders and the hair
and all that like it would probably look
more like androgynous like robot like
when you see the Japanese robots when
they're all like white and they have
black eyes there there's a recent black
mirror episode with Miley Cyrus that
sucks but the design it's like a she's
like a pop star in it and there's this
little smart robot in that that's based
on her and that it has that very kind of
like what are those like pop vinyl dolls
with the big heads Funko pops yeah but
that kind of minimalist design right it
would have been more like that and
that's why I say if this wasn't
connected to child's play it was just a
smart device going crazy I think it
would work
yeah that kills and and has the access
to all of your technology the fact that
this weird child's doll also has its
yeah I don't know the look of Chucky and
this is he's actually creepier than the
original like I don't think the Chucky
movies are scary at all I'd never have
been to me I just like the character of
Chucky because he's so crass first ones
a little scared the first one tries to
be a real horror movie after that
they're like fuck this oh but I think
the Chucky and this is actually creepier
because it's so pathetic looking like
when it just has its blank expression on
like there's something about it that
just looks so sad and like dated yeah
which I don't know if that's what they
were intentionally going for is just the
design is really bizarre in a way that I
actually kind of liked it looks like a
like a janky cheap robot his face is
melting yeah yeah so it doesn't fit with
this clean technology right background
it reminded me of there's a lot of like
child's play like ripoff type movies
there's like Dolly dearest's and there's
one called Pinocchio's revenge where the
dolls look really janky this reminded me
more of that like a ripoff child's play
you
but you like table replies on this I did
just fine like it well like I said the
kind of like especially with the tone of
the movie where it is sort of
tongue-in-cheek so I've been hurt like
because you can never tell when she's
being serious or not just in real life
there's always that kind of sarcastic
edge so I think casting her is like
young cut a hip mom like I thought that
worked perfectly it was kind of like
poor white trash mom little sure yeah
struggling struggling struggling sing
you had a child when she was very young
and like I think the original mom was
more of like a working business woman
who didn't have time really yeah she
worked like a department store and
played by Catherine Hicks Oh from Star
Trek for job yeah don't tell me you're
from outer space no I'm from Iowa I only
work in outer space
oh well I was close but I had to look up
this director cuz I had no idea who the
fuck he was he directed a movie I
remember seeing the trailer for it at
least a year ago maybe more in the
theater for a movie called Polaroid that
I was looking forward to cuz it looked
like it could have been another wish
upon I feel they're so stupid but then
the movie just like came out yeah ya
know what the fuck happened to it yeah
a haunted Polaroid picture Polaroids are
creepy I think you're all in danger what
are you talking about me see the shadow
after Tyler died the shadow moved this
photo I think if the shadow moves to a
photo you die
why are Polaroids creepy I'll tell you
why oh because you don't have to take
your polaroid film to a developer or you
didn't back in the day sure everyone
would take theirs their sick perverted
sex photos on Polaroid or pictures of
their murder victims so they don't have
to go get them developed okay so that's
why it's been a staple in movies of
Polaroids unpolarized I think is that my
nightmare I'm straight remake I think
it's polarized I betcha it is oh god this
guy just took pictures of all his
dismembered corpses he's been up all the
rides yeah so Polaroids are creepy hunts
are more likely to be haunted that's why
that's a good concept for one of those
like terrible movies that go in movie
theater
you know like your wish upon God all the
teens run it's like creepy Polaroid so
haunted and my grandfather told me about
Polaroids yep
speaking of dated technology that is
creepier than modern technology I
noticed this movie once in a while does
like Chucky vision and when he glitches
out there's like static there's no
static and anything anymore
you have a TV set go out in a modern
movie it's not creepy because it doesn't
go to that static
statics creepy cuz a Carol Ann yes and
this that's did you notice the
poltergeist 3 poster in this movie I did
not the one kids bedroom that there's
like stranger things kids in this movies
and in this movie and they sucked they
were really underwritten and
underdeveloped but uh that kid's room
his name was pug but he had a
poltergeist 3 poster and a killer clowns
from outer space poster it's like those
are very specific references they're the
directors fan of those particular films
yes not even poltergeist poltergeist 3
but I did like speaking of references
Chucky kind of learns to to love and
appreciate violence by watching the the
kids watched Texas Chainsaw Massacre to
which I enjoyed that was another
conceptual thing that I thought was
would have been interesting if the doll
was pure from the get-go and saw that
kids today were just addicted to their
devices and violent video games and
movies and they were just awful
like disassociated people who just suck
and he learned from watching their
behaviors sure got corrupted and twisted
like yeah it's just like a almost like
an AI that's learning and develop E and
yes it's learning the wrong things
because kids are shitheads yes that was
a it's it's it's focus but then yeah you
have the safety guards disengaged it's
sort of like a lieutenant commander data
is really evil kind of moment you know
that is his circus gets scrambled and
he's I'm going to kill you
hold very still counselor I'm date you
know that's happened a couple of times
not to bring up start right but then you
also have the Chucky just wants to be
Andy's friend and people are interfering
with that and those that are interfere
with that die you start with the cat
yeah you start then you move up to the
nasty abusive boyfriend then then which
is the best kill in the movie
unfortunately it's the first kill yeah
and which leads to a running subplot
involving them trying to get rid of the
severed head I guess just the skin face
down a watermelon that was it's so
bizarre the this is the abusive
boyfriend yes and the boyfriend of
Aubrey Plaza turns out he's married he
goes back to his home real home yeah and
his wife and two kids that night he has
to take down Christmas lights
it's really weird it's a strange setup
and then their lawn they have a
watermelon patch yeah it came out of
nowhere that was really bizarre but then
Chucky rips is face off cuz he learned
that from Texas Chainsaw Massacre nails
the face to a watermelon right and then
it ends up in Andy's bedroom and that
that prop face just kept making both of
us laugh every time they would show it
is oh yeah the great life is so stupid
yeah and then Andy and his friends wrap
it in wrapping paper so they could throw
it out they get caught by Aubrey Plaza
the mom and says where you going with
that or you I'm delivering it to the
neighbor it's like a morbid version of a
running sitcom gag or something I mean
that's the same with the other child's
play movies I definitely like there's a
certain camp element to it and this
falls right in line with that even
though it's a much different movie
there's some good laughs but the best
can we talk about the best laugh in the
whole movie there's the the launch of
the buddy two dolls at the toy store at
the end or the Kmart store and you got
the guy with the big stupid costume on
Chucky slits his throat he still has the
giant head buddy costume on and just
starts they take it off and he just
starts gushing blood all over a small
child and it just keeps cutting back to
her screaming it's like a Freddy got
fingered gag
I know your secret King you fucking
weirdo because you're the only one
laughing in the theatre oh that's
god-awful terrific Oh
the child is covered with blood it's
it's executed for laughs though and I
will say this would have been nice to
see there wasn't a whole lot of people
in her theater there was an elderly man
there's always one elderly man whenever
we go see any of these movies and I
always wonder how they ended up there
what life choices they made that brought
them to child's play at 11:00 in the
morning I know earlier is saying it's
great to see Boober that's 90 minutes
but I would call the movie I enjoyed it
but I was called it's light like I don't
know it's not gonna like stick with me
very long right I did enjoy it but I
also liked the ending felt somewhat
anti-climactic like the massacre at the
the opening of the buddy - is fun when
he starts there's like a buddy - there's
like a blonde one and a teddy bear one
and seeing that stuff was kind of fun
they didn't do enough with that but then
once that's over with just oh the mom's
tied up yeah one of the one of the fun
things about the original series is how
fucked up Chuckie gets towards the end
well sure
the ending of Part two takes place and
it's like the toy factory yeah it gets
his arm ripped off and then he shoves it
onto the blade of a knife and then his
legs are ripped off and so he's like
carting around on a like this wheeled
cart and the third one he gets half of
his face ripped off so just like the
amount of abuse he takes and because
he's kind of human
here it's just a toy so it's like they
rip his head off I don't I don't have
much more to say music was good yeah I
wanted to mention that bear McCreary who
does the scores for everything nowadays
I guess but the main theme for this
movie I thought was really good
and if hope to that feeling it had that
it's like a like a children's music box
or something he's popped up a few times
doing scores the score for happy
deathday - did you watch happy deathday
- I did it I enjoyed it those it was a
charming little wrong hit stop being a
horror movie
oh yeah there's not even a pretense of a
Xena slasher anymore yeah it's like this
goofy time-travel nonsense why recreate
the first one in a sequel let's just go
off the rails mm-hmm however I thought
of a title for happy deathday three Oh
cuz it's happy deathday to you yeah and
so I saw they should definitely call the
third one happy deathday three subtitle
and many more oh that's good because
that's the end of the happy birthday and
many more that's pretty funny huh love
house Mike will accept his check now I
just want 50 cents that's all I want
if you title happy deathday 3 and many
more I want a check for 50 Cent's okay
that's my that's my offer that seems
reasonable for for my intellectual
property of that title I just want to
check from blum house for 50 cents
yes hang it up on the wall alright
that's it then I could say I'm a
professional title maker
so Jay would you recommend what did we
watch twice 24 were you expecting more
of like yeah like an Annabelle or or
that movie was a couple of boy oh yeah
where it's like creepy doll is possibly
alive and it moved
I saw it move no yeah that sort of thing
we kind of like the a lot of the early
stuff in the original child's play movie
I was I was expecting it to kind of be
more so the fact that it's it feels more
like you know Bride of Chucky or one of
the later goofy sequels I was surprised
by that
it went full-on satirical nonsense yeah
right out of the gate yeah yeah yeah
it's um satirical almost like Robocop
stuff with the ads at the beginning for
the toy and the toy just looks so
ridiculous in those commercials yeah I
enjoyed it it's not a perfect movie
script wise but I was entertained so was
that elderly man was he
he went to go to the bathroom during the
climax of the film that's where you're
supposed to be like glued to your seat
and he's just like I'm gonna go piss I'm
just trying to kill 90 minutes just pass
the time just pass the time until I die
they know they have nothing else to do
go see anything Oh literally go see
anything yeah yeah and if they don't
like it they walk out because he'll I
paid a buck 25 I'll just go take a nap
and they just leave they have no nothing
committed to the film yeah just go in
and if it doesn't it's just something to
put in front of their face it doesn't
catch them they just leave and they
leave in the most allowed and obtrusive
distracting manner and they check their
see maybe you ought to break the popcorn
slowly like make their way and it takes
like 10 minutes and you're just like it
oh they make all production about it
yeah would you recommend the movie
