May 16, 2019
Under the Silver Lake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPqYOImouvk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1129016913106034689
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156406389802634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-under-the-silver-lake

Half in the bag.
Parents just don't understand.
apparently we're getting product
placement now from Starbucks J is that
what you're drinking Starbucks now J
because they desperately need the
advertising from us yeah you know I was
drinking that Starbucks and we were
talking about Avengers end game and I
think there's some misconceptions that
it was product placement but what it
really was was just foreshadowing for
the next game of thrones
mmm you know Game of Thrones it's that
show that everybody hates now except for
Aaron Rodgers oh yeah what's that about
him he has a cameo on it or he's claimed
to have a cameo on it or something I
think it was a joke no he does have a
cameo no he does but no one could really
narrow down where it's at they think he
might be a arrow guy in like five ten
arrow guys he's there they show a
picture of him on set and he's like monk
covered in mud and he's like he teased a
Milwaukee news reporter like six months
ago
episode 5 Game of Thrones I'm ready
there were news reporters like haha what
do you say and then they write back and
they looked at the footage like oh my
god he told us about it it's all this
about it was like embarrassing it's like
like it like a hidden meaning hidden
message kind of like that film that
nobody saw called under the Silverlake
wait a minute
there was hidden messages and under the
Silverlake
what do you get when you combine David
Lynch Thomas Pynchon Alfred Hitchcock by
way of Brian De Palma and more plot
threads than Avengers endgame you get
under the Silver Lake a movie so
baffling that even the marketing
geniuses at 8:24 didn't know what to do
with it and they sold people on it comes
at night a movie that's just 90 minutes
of people trying to figure out who
opened a door under the Silverlake stars
- one of the prettiest actresses to
grace the silver screen Andrew Garfield
Mike we're here to talk about a movie
that nobody's seen apparently called
under the Silverlake we were just gonna
do a Mike and Jay talks about which we
did once before once before for the
clove hitch killer and then you watched
the movie and he said let's talk a
little bit more about it well I have a
lot to say about it this was this was I
actually saw the trailer for under the
silver like six months ago longer even I
don't even know and I wrote it on a list
and because I liked mostly everything
8:24 puts out
can'tcan't the Cannes Film Festival
happens and the the marketing executives
at 8:24 snapped their fingers and the
movie disappeared floated into the
Silver Lake dust but but then you were
like hey we watched that movie I said oh
yeah that movies out and then I watched
it and I really liked it after it's sunk
in and I want to talk a lot about it
which may contain spoilers the Jane Mike
review is just sort of like hey yeah
check this out a little more vague
probably haven't seen this say take a
look this needs a little bit of
dissecting and we needed to talk about
the who made it how it got released how
I didn't get released or didn't get
Amazon fucked up their encoding and I
guess we'll talk about the movie - and
the movie - because the movies densely
packed I'll say that but you said watch
a real quick diversion here and it will
shout out to Amazon so I was highly
irritated you said go watch under the
Silverlake I said okay so I rented it on
Amazon and I was like this looks like
the end of Greece and the credits roll
like the VHS version of Greece yes when
you know you have a movie in widescreen
or anamorphic aspect ratio to 35 to 1
aspect ratio and then a movie that that
used to be in the two to three five to
one aspect ratio on 4 by 3 television
with credits right that that spanned the
screen they would squish it so that
everyone could read the credits so when
when John Travolta's and and Olivia
newton-john start dancing we go to
Pacific example this is my Bernie's
right I always think of the the elevator
scene in ghostbusters
I remember watching that on TV and it's
like cuz the framing to that shot is so
specific and important to the joke and
they didn't know what to do with it in
the pan and scan version so they're just
like well well yes yes exactly I've seen
pan and scans ago supposed to do that it
depends on how you saw it there's like
the VHS one and there was one that
played on TV so the movie looked like
that because it's an anamorphic movie
that was school somehow encoded
improperly to where it's squished to fit
my sixteen by nine TV the trailer was
encoded the same look up the trailer on
YouTube its proper and then III pay five
bucks to rent it okay so why is it in
Sarah's room and I'm not saying hashtag
cancel Amazon because of this I'm just
saying this particular movie was was
squished and somebody messed it up go
ahead check it out maybe it's just my
Amazon I really don't know they have
something against you personally I could
see people watching this and going what
is a movie look like this he's got
enough hurdles to get over without being
in the wrong aspect ratio a lot of talk
about before we get to the movie so
you're free of spoilers from here on out
everybody shouldn't have drank that
bottle of whiskey well the story is this
is Robert David Mitchell write his name
or David Robert Mitchell or David Gordon
greed what are those guys
he made it follows which was of course a
smaller movie that kind of broke out did
really well and so he gets his next
movie and they're giving them a little
more free rein do whatever you want so
it makes this big dense two and a half
hour confusing nonsense movie
very ambitious lots of plot threads and
8:24 is like well we got to pick this up
it's the follows guy so they bought it
and then it premiered at the Cannes Film
Festival to me Oh Kurds and negative
reactions and they said oh fuck and so
then they just they push back the
release date and then they just dumped
it on VOD with like no notice no
marketing behind it there's not even
like I think there might be a DVD
release but there's absolutely there's
no like blu-ray hose or just a DVD
release because it's cheaper it's
cheaper to put up I even release it
that's why usually at all
there's a lot of stuff that you can find
it like Walmart that's like DVD only
it's usually like cheapo horror movies I
can see the market for it now yeah and I
you know I don't blame them for not like
released trying to release this wide
because it would tank horribly but at
least do like some theaters and the same
day VOD and like promote it a bit but I
guess they just lost all faith in it
when it got negative reactions the
canned films let's go you got to put a
pile of pile of DVDs at the hipster
coffee shop it's a little little note
that says 5 bucks that's that was their
marketing campaign that they missed out
on yeah the record store yeah five bucks
a weed shop yes the weed shop well it's
unfortunate to me after watching the
movie because I think it's a very good
movie I think it's really ambitious and
unique most importantly like I can't
remember last time I saw a movie quite
like this is it ironic that you know it
follows was the big movie is it ironic
that this movie comes after that
nevermind J no you didn't mean to stay
quiet our world is filled with codes
subliminal messages from Silver Lake to
the Hollywood Hills I guess we should
explain what the movies about a little
bit well where do we start with this
movie I think the the decision to kind
of like not put a lot of money behind it
was probably smart
at least let people know it's out though
well the thing is like you said watch
under the Silverlight those are okay I
looked at the Rotten Tomatoes I always
do that I don't know why I don't really
care about the the actual critical
response yeah and that was there it was
like 5050 I saw I was looking at IMDB
reviews where it's like 1 or 2 out of 10
or 10 out of 10 that's exactly one of
those 0 stars or 5 stars back and forth
back and forth this movie's dumb as shit
it's boring as fuck you know I stopped
it halfway through and I finished my
Domino's Pizza and silence I was so mad
and then it's like it's like that I
don't and I'm like oh yeah if it's if
it's half the audience hates it half the
audience loves it I don't know what's
gonna happen there's a good chance it's
gonna at the very least be interesting
exactly and so yeah if it if it it's
going to be either really smart or
terrible and and then yeah and that was
just I I didn't read a single other
thing about this movie and normally when
J recommends a movie to me there's like
a 1% chance I'll actually like it
because you like some weird you you like
I'm not gonna be negative I don't say
you look weird sex pervert movies or
creepy things that make no sense you
know I'm more of like I'm a narrative
guy I like structure I like my twists
and turns but I like to very clearly
understand what's happening in a movie
you're more of a sensory guy you like
this has a certain feeling to it and for
once I sort of flip-flopped and I felt
like there were lots of things in this
movie that I just didn't understand and
there was lots of it I did and I got the
overall gist of it I can I could see how
a lay person would just be like angry at
this movie but I
really loved the style of it and kind of
like the overall message behind it well
that's a yeah it's funny they eventually
mention that you normally like kind of a
clear-cut story or like to understand
exactly what's happening because it's
kind of what this movie is about is
trying to find meaning or try and find
understanding specifically in like pop
culture stuff like you said you said
this movie is very old Hollywood yes yes
boom boom boom boom boom symbolism all
over the place old movie posters his
mom's calling him I really love this old
movie he says what the music the score
score is great one the same composer
that did it follows but completely
different type of music it's very old
like Hitchcock Bernard Herrmann's yeah
spoilers from here on out everybody
so there's the story of the culty part
of it and really it's very metaphorical
for how Hollywood like eats up and spits
out women yes which is interesting
because one of the things I saw as a
complaint about this movie people were
saying it was sexist I was like no
that's the thing I didn't read a single
word anywhere about this movie I didn't
read that till after I watched it and I
was like prized to see that and this is
kind of like because one you have well
there's the what what your legacy is you
as an idol like idolizing people yeah
because there's the Kurt Cobain
he's fucking that girl where there's a
Kurt Cobain poster on the wall yeah and
he's and he idolizes the girl on the the
playboy there's there's so much imagery
of that they go to the Hollywood Forever
Cemetery there's all the gravestones of
the famous people they go to that
underground party where all the tables
or tombstones of old celebrities even
all the statues of the astronomers at
the Griffith Observatory in a way as you
know you're creating statues of people
there's the James Dean statue yeah both
of those play a big part in right him
having decoding and getting noticed by
the the hobo King the hobo completely
different kinds of idols and then it's
like him and his love of the girl that
which is I love and that's how I don't
understand how anyone could misinterpret
at the end because the whole idea is
he's surrounded by all these different
women he has all these different
relationships with there's the
struggling actress that comes over and
they just have sex once in a while is
his hippie dippie older neighbor lady
that he knows and then the new girls
that he only meets once and then she
vanishes and that's the one he becomes
obsessed with and kind of sets this
whole thing off well he himself is sort
of an objective fire oh yeah that's it
send
he's very mating rear-window with him
looking out the the little killers a
nude cat lady is sort of like kind of
like a fallen Idol maybe probably was in
movies when she was younger but isn't
super famous and lives in a dingy
apartment
and so yeah and he's looking at her
boobs he's looking down the pool but
when he first meets her it's a very
hollywood-esque old Hollywood ice shot
she comes out and she's like perfectly
lit like Captain Kirk lit and she's got
that old old hat on yeah Derby hat and
she was like ooh and then there's even
that in his dream or in his mind there's
that shot where she comes out of the
pool again it's the Marilyn Monroe shot
and so they spend a brief amount of time
together barely anything and then he
becomes obsessed with her almost like a
fan encounter with the celebrity
right she's almost a celebrity to him
even though she's really not yeah so
he's well it's just because of his kind
of view of women and she's like she
looks perfect as far as he is and he was
idolizing her and he doesn't really know
why and she's like she's yeah well
that's at the very end when he finally
gets in touch with her and that's yeah
he's like I've been looking everywhere
for you that's like the the cap to the
whole thing right and then there's that
there's the you know hitch a ride on the
head scene or shot when he's he's is he
walking or driving his car and there's
like look movie auditions in some like
filthy garage oh yes an old fat guy it's
a cigar and there's a girls and they're
all dressed the same they were probably
told how to dress wear this short like
mini skirt and and wear this particular
offer and they're walking like zombies
yeah yeah very it follows this kind of
shot walking like zombies to go to this
gassing this audition and then so it's
and then the end of the movie the the
big reveal at the end it's it's
basically the Hollywood Hills or the the
hill with the Hollywood sign on it is is
a is a tomb yes to virginal female
sacrifices to the modern-day pharaohs
which are Hollywood moguls or rich white
dudes are you're Harvey Weinstein's yeah
and it's like this has been going cuz
there's imagery of pyramids Egyptian
pharaohs the anibus statue all that
stuff and it's like this this sort of
thing of like taking
taking you know your concubines or your
harem with you when you die and all you
you can ascend like a pharaoh and he's
crawling up those tunnels and the like
that the Egyptian pyramids had the lift
shafts you know just your soul up into
heaven or whatever
some people think they're a giant space
batteries all this nonsense so the
underground Hollywood Hill mausoleum
tunnels underground things are very
similar to Egyptian tombs yes which what
were what the pyramids were and so and
it was very 2001 that big empty room at
the bed yeah yeah well it's again like I
would say the idea of like everyone just
trying to find meaning in things Andrew
Garfield's very into like finding hidden
codes she's a little more susceptible to
like as she says in that scene when
she's talking him on the phone she's
like wow I'm down here now I might as
well make the best of it she's sort of
like going with you know whatever is
comfortable and easy well yeah it's just
everyone's trying to achieve greater
Fame there I mean there's his old
girlfriend who's on Billboard's yeah but
those things I don't think and that's
the stuff that could probably be seen as
frustrating because he's basically
following a trail of clues that sort of
makes sense one of the funnest scenes in
the movie that I think makes almost no
sense is when he meets the songwriter
yes I created so many of the things that
you care about the songs give your life
purpose well he's the one who talks
about I've been doing this for forever
writing all these you know songs and
putting codes into songs
I'm just so bizarre because it's clearly
a guy in old-age makeup and I was trying
to figure out I was like is that a
celebrity cameo like who is this guy
he's like just some random actor man
there's one of two reasons the reason
number one is they needed a prosthetic
head for him smash over the real reason
I think he needed a songwriter that was
so old he wrote songs going back to like
you know Chubby Checker yeah and so you
you can't find a 98 year old actor who
could do that kind of dialogue and be
that
animated like the guy yes oh you're
amazing you have to take an old guy and
just dump tons like the fucking Emperor
Palpatine
but that was I think the point cuz she's
playing songs from like the 50's yeah
and then he's doing like the cheers
theme going through all these things
that he's the real person that wrote all
these songs in the most recent example
of a song he wrote was the ban in the
movie which is Jesus and the brides of
Dracula or something like that on the
brides of director yeah so it's another
Jesus you know I'm trying to find
meaning to life idolatry yes yeah
there's there's the dog killer that's a
running thing throughout there that I
got parts of because it goes back to him
he was when he was a kid he got bit by a
dog half of me is wondering if he is the
dog killer and he doesn't know it but he
got bit by a dog and then his girlfriend
had a dog and he was kind of longing for
her still and that's why he had dog
biscuits if he ever ran into her dog he
would probably want to give it a dog
biscuit and scratch Sears right and make
get back in her good graces and then so
he had sort of a thing with dogs I just
look at his dog as God spelled backwards
there's that because that's like I think
it's the first shot of the movie you see
someone wrote on the window beware the
dog killer but you're looking at it from
the other side so it's reversed but it
on a literal level that's one of the the
it almost feels like a read harry and
like that's one of those plot lines that
doesn't really come back later
that's the important part is literal
level yeah because he follows a series
of clues from like like cereal box map
like that that's part of tempo power
magazine that that shows the location
secret location of the the the tent
where you go to yeah like and the girls
are dressed in like very cult-like white
like Roman orgy outfits yeah I don't
know sirens from The Odyssey like
there's all sorts of symbols have gone
but they drink the magic tea that knocks
them out they're next in line to spend
six months underground in preparation
for their cult II suicides yeah so
that's the map that leads him there and
then it's like well if you are like
super successful mogul or businessman or
whatever god-king men
was going to you know go through this
process you're not gonna pull a map out
of a cereal box play a song backwards
yeah oh that's all the secret coding
seemed pointless it was fun but plot
wise logically it didn't make any sense
other than just fuel for the story
yeah well it's I mean this is it's a cut
as they call that magical realism or
something that's slightly surreal but
the idea that like yeah all these big
Hollywood people have been working in
codes that they didn't think anyone
would ever crack for for decades so it
connects to that the idea that I guess
if you're wondering why they would put
the codes and things to begin with I
guess that's why the movies description
it's like you're the Silver Lake drama
comedy action horror it's everything the
question mark question mark yeah but it
to me it all flowed together really well
it didn't feel like disjointed tonally
or anything yeah it keeps it keeps a
good pace going when he makes it to that
that songwriters mansion that's where it
kind of turned a corner for me yeah and
I got more out of the overall like
Hollywood is is a big evil cult that
that sucks up unsuspecting women yeah
and and sacrifices them to the gods of
idolatry yeah well yeah basically the
message and it's like okay yeah that's
true
it's yeah yeah especially like now like
recent times in the wake of like yeah
the Weinsteins stuff and then even on a
smaller level you have like the the the
three actresses that they're there in a
movie that's playing at the hollywood
cemetery but it turns out they're also
like call girls when i go down and the
girlfriend of the lead in your favorite
sitcom call shooting the star which is
like a little I mean some people that
kind of you actresses just as that you
know and
there's a message in the music really
think you're gonna hit message in a pop
song yeah all that stuff I mean yeah
this is a movie about Hollywood in a way
that isn't you've seen plenty of movies
about Hollywood or that take place in
Hollywood but one that kind of gets to
this sort of like ooh it's pretty
disgusting it's it's not that's it's no
law and it's it's the anti la-la-land
it's the anti love but they don't they
don't hit you over the head with that
either that like he doesn't like walk by
when they're doing the Oscar red carpet
and they have all these like yoohoo
shots of celebrities yeah oh no that's
it takes place and so it's under the
silver lace it takes place in like the
dirty outskirts of Los Angeles it's it's
like the Florida Project right yeah yeah
a little bit whether it's in the shadow
of Disney World where it's like yeah
like this thing exists and it's it's
impacted all of our lives in some way
but we don't really interact with it
it's just there yeah this monolith of
awful it's just there in our lives we're
in the shadow of it we're told it is
normally a non not very narrative ly
logical movie but sort of annoying me
though and then this this this was kind
of riding the line in the first half
between like there's lots of annoying
hipsters in it yes and I'm just like is
this like which ends up being purposeful
of course but yeah is this is this
hipster Kubrick is this guy full of
himself but it really kind of solidifies
in the second half and all the codes and
you know nonsense with this and that
I'll kind of add up to that overall
overall feeling that I got of like a key
yeah and and kind of like his resolution
at the end is just sort of like I can't
stop this yeah I guess I'm gonna sleep
what this has been lady
I guess well she has the parrot that
is saying something and no one can
figure out what the parrot is saying so
there's that's still that element is
still there of trying to find meaning I
just thought it was saying Oh wah wah
while ridiculous like us we should kind
of compare this to that that's a movie
with hidden symbols all over the 11:11 s
everywhere and and the but at the end
there's the logistics of what has
happened at the end you can't look at it
completely realistic logistics of yeah
the entire underground community of
people that match the ones above what
they're wearing at the exact same time
it's all ridiculous
logically yes the the notion that there
is an underground society under the
Hollywood Hills of the satellite image
just blocked out like someone would
notice that ridiculous but what you got
at the end with movies like this that
are that are highly coated and you know
is is the overall feeling you get at the
end and that's that's where the movie
finally triumph for me it's a lot like I
said there's a lot of plot threads some
of them don't pay off as well as others
but I mean what a movie is like I don't
know I just get excited to see something
that feels so like different and unique
and ambitious especially these days
where it's like it's a shame that you
know it's just got like dumped nobody's
talking about it I'd rather see a big
sloppy imperfect movie that's really
interesting and has something to say you
know then detective Pikachu we're not
talking about the tag the Pikachu this
week everybody everyone let's talk about
detective Pikachu we're talking about
under the Silver Lake I can make a
guarantee that we will never ever ever
talk about detective Pikachu you can
also guarantee you we're never going to
talk about the Sonic the Hedgehog movie
when that comes out
ah meow I could give to fun what Sonic
the Hedgehog looks like in a movie where
the movie looks a billion times worse
yeah who cares about the design of that
creature whoever cut that trailer was
like self-sabotaging the movie half of
the trailers devoted to one sequence of
Jim Carrey improv I don't know if you
realize I'm sorry I major what was your
name because the trailer the trailer is
like the Violent Femmes playing and I
think I saw the trailer it's a dude you
know why can't I get but you add it up
add it up that cuz it's a conspiracies
and all that now and it sort of has a
like a like a light-hearted vibe to it
and there's no no music like that in the
film it's very real that's that's a 24
thing is marketing movies as something
they're not every horror movie they put
out they find some critic blurb that
says it's the scariest movie since the
Exorcist I think they said that with the
witch they said that would like it comes
at night and then general audience sees
it and says nothing happens and the
Exorcist isn't scary it's boring and
funny because the little girl swears so
I want to be like I don't know sound
like elitist like oh this movie is too
good for bother but you do look at like
the movies coming out now and you're
like that's what people are used to
seeing what they've kind of become
conditioned to then yeah something like
this doesn't stand a chance well that's
the silver lining is that a movie like
this is it very at the very least still
made you know a couple little movies
like this every year where you're like
hey this is interesting and different
could be worse we could not get that at
all we have to watch detective Pikachu
five times you have to watch detective
Pikachu 118 times to beat the world
record for how many times you can see a
terrible movie in the theater that would
be a Marvel you could beat that yeah
someone watched 100 Pikachu's
Pikachu's animated Pikachu whatever it
is see what if you want if you want to
market a movie is like the Pokemon movie
Pikachu movie just make under the
Silverlake but Andrew Garfield is a
Pikachu okay same exact movie same
exactly no change yeah
no train no reference that he's an
animated character I guess we're at the
point where we talk about whether or not
people should watch under the silver
link I think so support this movie
someone needs to see it it's worth it
it's not just like weird for the sake of
weird or anything it's a it's an
actually engaging story I think it's a
little slow but it feels like it's about
something and building towards something
and Andrew Garfield is really good night
we didn't really talk about his
performance much but he's great yeah it
was weird for the sake of weird that's
what I hate that you summed it up like I
couldn't have said it more weird but
accessible yes I think that's the key
that's that's like that's like my sweet
spot where it's like I like narratives I
like stories that make sense that have
twists and turns and plots I I can
relate to and this had a little bit of
everything because it had a little
ticking clock element with his apartment
you know certain plot devices that you
would see in movies it had a clear
progression of story where it's like I
this Clues leading me to this now just
leading me to this a build-up you said
build up and not just oh this weird
things happening aren't we weird
hipsters right this is weird lots of
weird wide it felt like it was building
to something and on top of that the
cherry on top was it had some kind of
message or evoked a feeling yeah that
came out you know where it's just like
oh okay I got this feeling out of this
movie and when a movie isn't a tight
solid perfect script but it has a really
good like look to it feeling then then I
like it so I'm not I'm not completely
opposed to Lin Chi and weirdness because
I like the Twin Peaks reboot even though
I never watched Twin Peaks I really
enjoyed that
and that's that's my that's the stuff
that really hits me is the we're really
evokes like a very specific feeling that
you don't get a lot from a lot of other
movies as long as you give it the time
and don't get angry when all the
hipsters are floating around especially
Topher Grace is hipster oh well that's a
great what a give a sphere that's sort
of the the more humorous moments is yeah
he's got a stupid little hat on and
they're in his backyard and he's flying
a drone to spy on a woman through her
window while also complaining about how
everybody is overly paranoid these days
that's great
he's completely objectifying the woman
yeah it peers in her window and he's
like this bitch must have been a
supermodel or something yeah and then
she comes in and just like a t-shirt and
her under weight she takes off her top
she starts crying she starts crying
yeah and then they just awkwardly end
yeah and see that is not that is
commenting a scene like that is a
perfect example it's commenting on
misogynistic behavior yeah or
objectification of women because they're
just yeah like that's what you get you
monsters it wasn't like good Lulu
funny music starts playing and she takes
off her top and the right laughing and
the recording it on my dress not a
Porky's mom it's not a Porky's moment
it's it ends with her just crying yeah
and so that that's a person
"Fuck you, seriously."
Seriously, go watch the movie.
But don't watch it on Amazon.
Cuz Amazon fucked up the aspect ratio, so I don't know.
You can find this movie in Walmart next to the frozen shrimp.
"Under the Silver Lake."
