Nov 10, 2019
2019 Movie Catch-Up! (part 1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaLlMQHTISI
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1193680623967313922
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156842307282634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-2019-movie-catch-up-part-1-of-2

Half in the bag.
Well, Jay, the spooky skull
has reminded me that today is Halloween
happy Halloween everybody there's a
snowstorm in Wisconsin oh well I guess
we should get on the road if we're gonna
make it to that movie on time that's
right Oh lightning-fast VCR repair this
is Mike
oh hi grandpa Joe what's that you say
power lines down roads are out oh jeez I
guess we're stuck here at the VCR repair
shop thanks grandpa Joe talk to you
later
why was my grandpa calling you I don't
know wait a minute isn't your grandpa
dead
and today's Halloween quick call Ghost
Adventures we have a haunted telephone
$50,000 at Baggins
it's haunted well Mike if we're stuck in
the VCR repair shop we might as well do
our annual catch-up video shouldn't we
do that in December when the weather is
even worse
now that's when we'll be too busy
thinking about killing ourselves talking
about star wars rise of the Jedi Star
Wars Star Wars Star Wars rise of rise
rise of of rise of the retcon rise of
spooky rise of Skywalker rise of
Skywalker the title of the film that
comes out in December that everyone's
excited for they have 16 different
endings they're still doing reshoots
they're gonna be acting out the ending
of the movie live I'm the first showing
cuz they're not done with it yet
maybe we'll be the first choose your own
ending there you go it'll be like that
movie clue one day oh yeah theaters
different endings yeah if they're that
desperate for cash like no one wants to
see this movie so release multiple
versions so the few nerds that do you
want to see it we'll see it multiple
times you're not they could do when you
buy your tickets online
you fill out like like a questionnaire
do you what would you like to see in
this movie good guys win bad guys win
Emperor comes back Jedi Order restored
you know like uh ah so then they make
the movie well that you you it's like
what like when you fill out one of those
like clickbait surveys which character
are you in you know this and then you
follow you follow all the questionnaire
and then at the end it tells you like
the results yeah and so that they base
what movie screening you go to yet to
see the movie at this theater at this
time oh great ray killed Palpatine kylo
Ren restored his faith in the forest and
Rey and kylo worked together to restore
a new Jedi Order
oh well the version I saw Palpatine came
back to life and and and turned ray to
the dark side and
Renne turn good and killed ray oh my
gosh but if it's tailored so that
everybody gets what they want and what
are people gonna endlessly argue about
on the internet which ending was better
oh okay oh this will this hospital
slough of arguments Jack III I think
this is the way to go and I think I
think Martin Scorsese is just gonna love
this idea it's just gonna love it
tailor-made cinema trademarking that a
trademark in that Kevin Feige I guess
interactive would be it the more apropos
it's not really interactive you're not
interacting with the film you're just
you're just making the creative
decisions because that's tailor-made to
your choice yeah okay so yeah you have
to fill out a survey online and then and
then you get your ticket printed you
have to go to specific theatre yes
because you know obviously and then all
those people and your theatre have all
answered all the same questions so you
have a camaraderie yeah and everybody
cheers at the exact same moments that
they know are coming this this is this
is this is wonderful so did you find
flatulence funny and then then scene
where Chewbacca farts okay shoots a
crossbow and then you know that didn't
test well originally like Chewbacca
farting and accidentally firings but is
500 people in Davenport want to see it
that's so home of the farts if you want
to see Chewbacca fart you got to drive
to Davenport that's right
these ideas are all great it's gonna be
great so Jay what films have you seen
this this year oh I still use paper cuz
I'm a boomer okay boomer what is that
does that make me a Zoomer yes okay
well if we're going in chronological
order I saw escape rooms oh I saw escape
room got it I escaped the room I did
escape the room ones who into a room
screening there was one that Tommy was
so was that oh yeah and it was like a
fucking nightmare it was like a rock
concert know where it wasn't just people
yelling funny lines at the screen it was
just like non-stop drunk babbling I
think I called it a hockey game yeah I
was just screaming I was waiting for a
fistfight to break out I was like I'm
out of here this isn't fun anymore
well Tommy Wiseau came on
there was like a QA and every question
he would just go next question that's
boiling next question yeah and then
everybody would cheer and then and then
somebody vomited yeah and then I left
yeah it was it was like a like the end
of Ed Wood was running out of the
theater yeah I go throwing popcorn
trying to Stampede the stage 
what a fucking nightmare
anyways escape room I like
movies about people being trapped in
places and having to figure their way
out of course one of the famous ones is
cube I love movies like that I I thought
this was okay it was serviceable it
jumped into the plot very quickly with
the heat room where all sorts of heat
lamps started to burn people and I'm
like oh the movie started that was the
first room in the escape room yeah it
was just like immediately McGee you're
gay gave you the bang for your buck in
terms of escape room adventures but
ultimately it was just okay I think it
was a pretty decent hit too which is I
don't know in terms of financial success
yeah I probably didn't cost much to make
but you know I yeah I saw it a few
months ago I don't remember a fucking
thing about it yeah there's a five six
seven rooms and the point of it
ultimately was spoilers the point of it
ultimately was was that each person that
got this magical Willy wonka-esque
invitation to come to the escape room
was a person that had been the lone
survivor of some kind of thing oh yeah
whether the woman was a military vet kid
well I know somebody survived something
one of them survived a screening of the
room
yeah very raucous everyone bring it out
alive and then so some far away evil
corporation was was trying to find the
best of the best in terms of survivors
even though most of it was happenstance
yeah it wasn't like like that movie
predators you know where it's like they
get the worst
possible people and they put them via
predators yeah something I uh
but plane crashed four people were with
me and I happen to survive oh well we're
gonna put you in the situation where you
you know I'm not really skilled no I'm
not lucky I'm I'm not skilled in
surviving a room where the ceilings
caving in and there's heat lamps
everywhere that an unusual situation a
flimsy premise some fun set set pieces
well it's one of those ideas I think
like because escape rooms are actually
popular now like that's like those and
like extreme haunts those types of
things
let's make escape rooms but what do we
do with the survivors yeah yeah why do
you read a script about that yeah I
would prefer a more down-to-earth
version of it you know where it's like
you know ten people go on this escape
room it's normally pretty normally runs
escape room except for a psychopath
takes over for a day and actually wants
to torture people I guess it's kind of
like saw or whatever I don't know it's
like haunted ween scape room kinda
reminded me of another movie
Bellco experiment and and that I like
much more
well that was a little more fantastical
and kind of crazy yeah I made it more
interesting right it was this movie was
like yeah this was like right down the
line where it's not too ridiculous but
it's not too realistic either so it's
like it's safe for a pg-13 rating was it
pg-13 probably lame but I like Belko
experiment much more sure that that
movie made me want to throw up scary I
like that when people are trapped in
something and they when people are
pushed you know to their their breaking
points and yeah people that otherwise
seem nice start to shoot everybody like
it's it's yeah it's unsettling and when
when society breaks down but especially
when you're trapped and you have to
figure out a way out yeah because you
know like hey do this do this it's gets
he gets really into it that's why cubes
so great - the acting the acting of that
movie is pretty bad I'm sketchy acting
in the better but the premise is
wonderful so that's escape route
well speaking of movies that will make
you wanna vomit I saw a film called
climax of course you did I have other
more family-friendly movies on my list
this year but we'll start with the most
extreme one directed by Gasper noe who's
a crazy
Argentinian man made a lot of kind of
extreme movies probably most well-known
for a movie called irreversible so this
movie is I believe it's all one
continuous take or not actual but meant
to look like it but it's a bunch of like
Dance Academy students hanging out of
the school having a party and someone
laced the their drinks with LSD
everybody freaks out and loses their
mind and that's the whole movie and it
feels like a fucking nightmare lots and
lots of I mean it's there's a ton of
dancing it's not a like a movie you
watch for the plot it's really more of
like an experiential thing where it's
like there's a lot of dancing at the
beginning it starts with this overhead
shot it's just one person after the
other dancing it just keeps on going
they just keep dancing and everybody
freaks out there's lots of yelling and
the way the camera work is it's like it
feels like a nightmare like where you're
just getting glimpses of things here and
there so it's like other Gasper Noah
films where I'd say I appreciate it for
its technical qualities it's really well
put together and I will never watch it
again
I bought the soundtrack immediately
though did it have a good climax I mean
not like a satisfying one from a
narrative no but you know I feel awful
and I want to vomit way then yes okay
and a wonderful scene where sofia
boutella who was the mummy in the Tom
Cruise mummy movie there's a scene where
the camera just holds on her as she
flips out and flails around a room for
like five minutes
and that's Gasper no way that's what he
does well bless him at least he's doing
something different is this a movie you
would recommend watching it on the new
Netflix 1.5 yeah watch this movie at
twice speed through help twice as fast
can i address that real quick everyone
on the internet was like stupids why you
mad about this there's a fast-forward
button there's always been a fast
forward button and I'm like the
fast-forward button is to get to another
point in the film fast forward button
also you know 1.5 times the speed I'm
sure what their plan is you hear audio
yeah and they you know it's it's you
YouTube has that ability yeah and then
so it's like yeah you get the
information and the scene faster I can
see you know a hardcore cinema you know
filmmaker like Martin Scorsese saying
it's its blasphemy or most directors
actually yeah because it's timing
editing setting up atmospheres higher
craft to fill the entire craft of
filmmaking is is based on exactly how
they want to present it yeah unless it's
the rise of Scott Walker but but yeah so
I can see that being offensive to
directors but people going so fast
forward but no no no no no and on that
note this this is not new news to me
because at some point in recent history
some guy discovered this may have been a
while ago but some guy discovered that
you can take like your average rerun
sitcom and syndication or whatever and
play it at like one point two times the
speed okay or like one percent faster or
even maybe two percent faster to where
it was almost indistinguishable from the
original version and you could squeeze
in two more commercials oh because you
shave off a minute share or a minute and
a half and so it's like yeah
you're watching that little episode of
all in the family or cheers on you know
whatever network and it's the same
episode but it's just one percent faster
and you can squeeze in two more
commercials which makes you eat some
more money Netflix is doing it for
people that are lazy and and don't want
to sit through consumer information move
on to next thing yeah you could sit
through it yes yes you can get the
information faster that they're doing it
- well binge watching is a big part of
their whole thing so if you have a
season of a TV show and you can get
through it twice as fast 1.5 times
whatever so I just wanted to bring that
up real quick since it's a topic on the
internet and since we're trapped in the
VCR repair shop unable to go anywhere
yeah in a blizzard well that's how I
would recommend watching climax then
wait till it's on Netflix and watch it
at 1.5 speed do you hear that
guess Gaspar oh all year all your crafts
and all your attention to detail and and
intricate camera movements and
choreography and it's gonna speed
through that shit mmm when did we get to
the fireworks factory that's all I want
to know yeah you could watch that Martin
Scorsese film silence from a few years
back 2.5 times this befoe get three
three five times the movie straight and
a half hours long Marty I don't got time
for that
I gotta watch more reruns of the Big
Bang Theory bazinga
you
J both of us watched happy deathday to
you we did as fans of the original happy
deathday i died 11 times we talked about
it briefly on another episode it came up
for some reason oh you you you pitched
your title for the third one that's
right happy deathday to know happy
what was it gonna be hiding anymore
happy deathday 3 and many more yes
although there won't be many more
because I think this one was kind of a
lot I drove was a huge flop but it
didn't do very well yeah I could see
that it got a little bonkers straight
into an episode of Star Trek basically
it didn't have many bloody kills and no
like I mean the first ones basically a
comedy but it still had that like facade
of a slasher movie and they end with
this one and I don't blame them cuz like
they did that what do you do with a
sequel like I don't know let's just get
really ridiculous with it it's a big
science fiction device yeah they could
change time alternate dimensions in a
second yeah I can't remember if I went
off the rails in a fun way I thought it
was fun like it wasn't great it had a
moment towards the end that reminded me
of like something you'd see I'm Saved by
the Bell where they had the one bitchy
girl pretend to be blind because she's
like an acting oh yeah and so she's
trying to distract the Dean or whatever
so they can sneak into the lab I was
like this feels like a like a Saturday
morning children's show
marbles everywhere so that part sucked
but it was pretty fun
a lot of it that lead that lead
performance that lead girl I think is
good the best thing in both movies is
her little montage of all the way she
kills herself right in this one she's so
enthusiastic about jogging headfirst
into it into a wood chipper I'd watch a
whole movie of that just her constantly
killing herself call up mr. Joe Sparrow
from Argentina
maybe he'll make that guess pronoia Hill
directs happy deathday 3 they're like
fuck it we want bonkers of the second
one let's go even more so of the third
one it'll all be one shot it'll have
constant techno music booming and it'll
just be death after death / premises Oh
God
maybe if I kill myself enough times one
of them will stick permanently gives up
on the storyline and then she takes LSD
okay and there's just one crazy death
after another just the most inventive
insane deaths just for two hours I'm
Forrest and maybe 90 minutes let's get
ya 90 minutes as 80 minutes will do 80
minutes mr. Gasper Noi give us a call
we'll get you in touch with Jason Blum
oh yeah
he's making new Halloween movies yeah
they're busy doing that they're busy
running that into the ground
Halloween kills and Halloween ends are
the next two oh they're doing it too fur
like they're filming oh yeah I don't
think like back-to-back but one shortly
after the other but the fact that lesson
is called Halloween ends is like it
won't be like it sounds like it like
it'll have a finality to it but it won't
it's gonna take four years to film these
movies because Jamie Lee Curtis has to
constantly take bathroom breaks
sometimes if I eat if I used to my
digestive system gets out of whack
is that a dated reference does she still
do those commercials I guess it doesn't
matter people still make Bill Cosby
pudding Bob jokes so I'm thinking only
Halloween ends that comes out or end
when will our Halloween and so we can
get back to summer in 11 months yeah
or at least so the roads are clear
enough so we can go see hit films like
Terminator Genisys Terminator Salvation
Tsar what what is the next Terminator
called deep fake
there ain't no dark fate oh that that's
that's a memorable title yeah it's it's
just like all those Transformers movies
transformers age of transformer Tron oh
why why did they give up on numbers I
mean these movies are just big piles of
shit anyways it's not like they're
they're classy when they you know they
have a like a semicolon and darks they
because they because they don't want to
alienate anyone they want as many people
to see it as possible so you don't did I
see the last dummies I didn't see part
three but should I see part four don't
matter doesn't matter yeah because they
just keep redoing it yeah it's yeah it's
like those what's that late where there
ladies running around and killing
zombies oh the resident he resumes yes
can you put those in chronological order
I mean that's that's I don't think
anybody can I don't think Mila Jovovich
you can't I don't remember director
probably can it's funny you should
mention sequels not having numbers
anymore because the next movie on my
list is John wick 3 not John wick
annihilation not John wick age of Ultron
John wick is the reckoning John wick
dark fate of the Moon John wick : John
wick
after this we are less than even well J
I have not seen a single John wick movie
I know people love them and tell me why
they're they are exciting films well
much like title it's just John wick 3
this is very basic this is really basic
straightforward action films with well
choreographed action camera stays back
you can see what the fuck is happening
there really simple and just really
effective and really well done so
they're glorifying violence and
promoting gun culture they are but
nobody called them out they had to call
out the Joker instead a movie that's
about a very specific person and isn't
just tons of people shooting each other
like the John wick films for some reason
those aren't problematic the first ones
the bests and they kind of as most
sequels do they go down but they're
still consistently quality ok they're
the very simple concept the first movie
people killed John Wick's dog and he
goes up for revenge but it's not the dog
it's what the dog represents as you
learned throughout the film just really
really yeah there's not a whole lot to
say about them cuz they're so
streamlined though right so you would
recommend that John wick series I would
I've enjoyed all of them very
characteristic of you I like an action
movie if it's not stupid or obnoxious
and and this one has enough style which
is you know I like a lot of neon lights
and that kind of thing there's a really
great fight scene in the second movie
that's set in the room that's just
filled with mirrors I'm assuming they
use digital trickery to not have the
camera in the shot constantly but yeah a
really creative set pieces really well
done I think they're directed by stunt
guys which would explain why there's so
much of an emphasis on choreography and
all that so yeah why they hired Keanu
Reeves to act hey Jana Reeves in the
right role he's perfectly fine he's
charming fellow yeah I'm excited for the
Bill and Ted movie as long as it doesn't
suck well it's written by the guys who
wrote the first two so it's both people
that are involved and seems to be
because I hate these like late comedy
sequels where it's
you see the same people doing the same
thing and it's depressing but I think
the bill and sad movie is partially
about them being old and pathetic it's
like that's great you could do that with
the Ghostbusters that's that's what I
always said about that original
Ghostbusters three and I like the more
out of shape the bohr pathetic they are
the better yes yeah suck in the gut
skies for the Ghostbusters one bus lines
from the second one and this was all of
course before Harold Ramis passed saying
Harold Ramis passed nope we're done
don't do it don't touch it leave it
alone then they touched it they didn't
leave it alone it flops and so now
they're just doing it again it's like
heaven the the you know after 1980
having the Beatles reunite without John
Lennon or the Beatles this is without
John Lennon we have that guy kind of
looks like them leave it alone leave it
alone unless there's an idea wait what
are they gonna reboot leave it's a
beaver they did that the nineties do you
remember that there's no recent Leave It
to Beaver movie the cleavers shaped a
generation and now
is back leave it to Bieber I'm worried
about the beaver that was the height of
taking things from like the 50s and 60s
TV shows and making movies out of them
now it's now it's yes taking things from
the 70s and 80s and making movies out of
them yes creatively bankrupt the world
that we live in that's why I a champion
things like John wick three I mean I
guess it's a sequel but it's like a
newer series it's an original property
it's not a reboot of anything great hey
speaking of the Beatles I saw yesterday
I did not see it yesterday but I saw
yesterday you saw what yesterday
yesterday I don't even have the energy
to do the boomer Google how old are
these guys I saw the trailer for
yesterday a long time ago not yesterday
yesterday's a song by the Beatles
it's a danny boyle film oh he's gone
from Trainspotting to wacky romantic
comedies and I don't have you even seen
a trailer no i-i've heard the title
that's all I know and so it's it's I
think I've seen the poster it's a lovely
little movie it you know it's it's the
idea behind it is there's this guy sort
of I guess you could call it magic
realism or fantasy film it's almost like
a fairy tale sir and and so you have to
have that mindset don't take it too
seriously but all the power in the whole
world goes out for ten seconds and in
that moment he gets hit by a bus he
wakes up and he's oh god no slug and
teeth are knocked out and his friends
give him a guitar and he plays yesterday
and they're like that's great well when
did you write that I have heard his Roy
the vidalus rode it and and then so he
discovers he's living in a world where
the beetle
have not existed but he still remembers
everything he still remembers something
he remembers most of their songs some of
the songs he's a little iffy on the
lyrics so he's not like at like a
hardcore like Beatles fanatic he just
knows some of the songs and so he
decides to take advantage of that and
and claim them as his own I'm assuming
there's some sort of moral to steal even
well yeah you know it's like when you
see the trailer you're like okay this
can end several different ways like what
happened you know and then and then
throughout the movie too it's like sort
of like a running joke where it's like
um certain things don't exist anymore at
the end there's a little stinger and
where it's like I feel just like Harry
Potter dealing with Voldemort and those
girlfriends like who's Harry Potter in
the more another cash making idea but no
it's it's it's a I'm a big Beatles fan
so I enjoy music the music of the
Beatles and him playing it in different
ways and the soundtrack seems to kind of
like blend in riffs and themes of
Beatles music and it's a cute movie it's
not it's not a deep thinker it's kind of
fun and then of course yeah more up
moral of the story don't wanna spoil the
ending and there's just there's a
wonderful little surprise Oh at the end
there's no real conclusion of what
happened on a scientific level the
Mandela effect right yeah something
happened where some people remember that
Nelson Mandela died 20 years ago or
something like yeah it's yeah you
remember things differently than how
they actually have yes yes so but
there's no scientific explanation so
don't be expecting that just like a
Groundhog Day premise then like there's
no reason Bill Murray keeps waking up on
the same day it just happens but it's
about the love story that's what this is
not a deep thinker but fun film
let me just give you this advice song
title hey dude
well I got one of those too did you
happen to watch dolomite is my name I
didn't son of a bitch it's wonderful
"I come up with a new character."
"Dolomite is my name, and fucking up motherfuckers is my game."
it's a it's a good
would make a good double feature with Ed
Wood mmm its course written by the same
guys who wrote Ed Wood they seem to
specialize in biopics about weird
Outsiders people versus Larry Flynt's
and man on the moon so they have they
have a very specific structure to their
movies and I would say that's kind of a
detriment to this one is that it's very
you kind of know where it's going at
every moment because it takes moments
from a real person's life and kind of
works them into a traditional narrative
but when that person's life is Rudy ray
Moore it leads to many many funny things
many funny similarities it leads to
hilarity because he got Eddie Murphy
trying his heart out I can't remember
the last time I saw him actually giving
a shit Bowfinger it was like 20 years
ago
damn no reason it's gonna be a good
thing
watch this movie hey man we can we watch
the movie can I ask you one question yes
is is bitch are you for real in there no
spoilers yes it is not only is it in
there
it's the last thing in the movie actual
Rudy ray Moore there's like a montage of
clips from his movies at the end and the
very last thing before the end credits
is bitch are you for real with Eddie
Murphy in the role no it's all scenes
from the actual movies it's like we
you've seen the fake version now here's
the real thing so the best thing that it
will hopefully come out of this is that
more people go back and watch Rudy ray
Moore movies because this is a wonderful
love letter to him and what he did and
making movies is kind of an outsider
mm-hmm not only in terms of like he's
just some guy that did these like really
vulgar comedy albums and people are like
we can't release these these are filthy
so you released him himself and he
couldn't get any jobs even in
blaxploitation movies they didn't want
him so he just made his own movie the
actors we hi
like Fred Williamson Jim Brown nasi you
under then you're a big don't you than
him
dolia scene-stealing performance by
Wesley Snipes yeah that only is Eddie
Murphy back Wesley Snipes his back as
Durga something the guy who directed the
Dolomites movie he was also like an
actor and he's very like pretentious in
this and he's great there's a line we
always quote Ed Wood and one of the the
famous lines from that is when don't you
want a second take for protection don't
you want a second take for protection
what's to protect it was perfect and
there's a moment this where they're
they're doing a scene from dolomite with
this really awkward fight scene and Rudy
ray Moore and Eddie Murphy is really
great more yeah he doesn't come anywhere
close to connecting with the people he's
fighting with and they turn to Wesley
Snipes and like do you want to do
another take not only the line but his
delivery of it he leaves like a dramatic
pause it's so good it's it's so
wonderful that the world is recognizing
more so Rudy ray of Moore's magic yeah
well that's like when Ed Wood came out
there was people's going back and
watching his movies so though hopefully
that happens then I found out they're
fucking boring well that's the case with
the Ed Wood movies not so much of 3d
anymore no there there's al it's mostly
like the first hour of the movie is kind
of the the backstory of he's like an
outsider and a loser
second half is mostly the making of
dolomite and that's when the movie
really kind of kicks into gear I think
that's maybe a slight reservation why I
haven't watched it because I've not seen
dolomite I've seen a human tornado and
you know PT wheat straw and one other
disc Oh God let's go Godfather yes
that's it yeah so so the very first one
I have not seen I've seen the three
other ones it really doesn't matter it's
not like I remember when we saw the
disaster artists and it was like the
only laughs you get are out of
recognition from write the real movie
but this has a good story because this
says yeah you're honest luck die
moving his way up doing his own thing
like a Rudi no duty another Rudi they do
kind of and we've talked about this
before I think when we talked about Ed
Wood held it's like when you watch a
movie like this you don't necessarily
you shouldn't go into it anticipating an
accurate depiction of the events like
it's it's you know and strung together
in a narrative so they do kind of
combine dolomite and human tornado
because like there's a sex scene where
they're filming the sex scene and like
the ceiling collapses and that's a scene
from human tornado at the end of the
movie he's watching the Dolomites movie
in a theater with a bunch of people and
most of the clips they're showing or
actually from human tornado so they just
kind of combine those two into one movie
for those there is a little nod to PD
wheat straw to when he's talking about
all the things he wants to put into his
movie keegan-michael key is the
screenwriter and he's telling him all of
his ideas like put this in there put
kung fu put this and that and he's like
and The Exorcist is big so put some
devil shit in there I don't know how
that fits into our urban motif you know
some maybe you read I don't know be
cleaned up Green vomit and shit of the set
all the time we put the devil in another so
it's a wonderful movie good supporting
casts similar to Ed Wood you have all
those it's like the structure of like
The Muppet movie where it's like you
have your character with a dream and
then they have all the other or The
Wizard of Oz or they meet all these
characters along the way very
traditional structure but it works for a
movie like this god damn Dolomites
you
well speaking of biopic s-- i don't call
bioptics that's that's the proper way is
biopic not drop IL pick is not proper I
just don't like the sound of bike if and
Geoff no yes I know right technically
the right way but nobody says it exactly
biopic is the right way and pumpkins do
not grow and floor but speaking of a by
optics that that aren't maybe not
exactly accurate you know or take some
liberties
I saw rocket man I'm thinking of
changing my name to Elton that's more
systematic you deserve you're gonna roll
with the the music I know I well you
know Beatles Elton John love Elton John
Elton John is favorite mine crazy cat
that out and John loved them well yeah
so this came out around the time of that
Bohemian Rhapsody I think a later then
little after and and I remember what
seen I've seen clips of I haven't seen
Bohemian Rhapsody but he's seen clips
right yeah it's got that robot mr. robot
man yes whatever his name is and that
that had a creepy vibe to it because of
Brian singer singers fingerprints were
all over it it's not the only thing his
fingerprints are all over that up swing
that that's a baseball
oh oh there you go it's like a bunt that
joke which ties in the recommend plays
Yankee Stadium anyways um so yeah I
didn't want to watch it and then that
guy and the there's a lot of parallels
both have fake teeth and a little gap
tooth appliance on and then of course
mr. robot has it's comical horse teeth
in and other than having this the creepy
Brian singer vibe on it it seemed very
straightforward
also mr. robot doesn't sing it's all
Queen music dubbed over and this
Taron Egerton a curtain I think it's
edgerton I should look these things up
the Kings have been kid actually sings
okay and so it was very and then the
story line is very like it's almost it's
almost like a like a Broadway play it's
not your straight narrative thing people
break out in song you know you know
things like that because their movie
itself is actually a musical it's not
just yes and it's um it's have you ever
seen Moulin Rouge I have okay it's very
movie's a fucking nightmare very similar to
Moulin Rouge not in it's like where
what's his face you and McGregor is
actually singing yeah and he's like so
okay edit but you give them points for
actually doing it that's the same thing
with this because the only person you
don't do that for is Russell Crowe and
lame is he actually saying so if they
can kind of pull it off then you give
them points for the effort as opposed to
overdubbing and I'd rather see that then
yeah where it's just yeah Freddie
Mercury's voice coming out of mr. robot
yeah and then then you can argue that
you know Elton John is a serviceable
singer he's a better songwriter but but
you know you you got to find a very
special person to be able to act and
sing like Freddie Mercury that's a
different story altogether
it's Freddie Mercury you know vocalists
can't really and that would be
embarrassing try that
but Elton John anyways um so you know
the movies like kind of fantastical and
yeah it's like a musical all the
characters are singing and dancing and
you jumping around and you know it's not
like so it feels like you're watching a
play so you know I enjoyed it well Mike
I have a question them cuz Elton John is
gay Freddie Mercury was gay and the
Freddie Mercury might have
bisexual I I just all I know is that no
Bohemian Rhapsody movie they severely
reduced that to make it almost nothing
is there anything in this movie about
him being gay that's what the entire
movie is about oh okay um that is that
is the ultimate arc because Elton John
actually didn't marry a woman hmm under
the pressure of publicity for who she he
married her for like a year okay but
yeah that's that's that's the crux of
the whole premise as I've ever seen
criticisms about Bohemian Rhapsody for
that oh they like severely reduce the
sexuality and that's a big and that's
another thing too where it's like and
then I've seen clips where it's like
they're you know they're it looks like
an x-men movie because the cameras
flying in and you have all these digital
people like yeah and I'm like I don't
know about this one I don't know if I
want to watch it they never did I didn't
see um
and mainly because yeah this one this
one is a little little less this one
like I said a little more whimsical and
fantastical like kind of like how Elton
John probably would have loved it even
though he's not dead he's alive but yeah
everybody was pissed off when he came to
Milwaukee for the the hundred year
Harley Davidson rally that's
embarrassing Elton John's got some
rockers come on not if you're you're a
300-pound bearded guy in a leather vest
you don't want to listen Elton John you
don't really want to hear candle in the
wind i'm gonna fucking blow out that candle with my exhaust 
the fuck off the stage
this is the opening act for zz top
not ZZ bottom
that joke that joke was forming in my
head as I said it that's amazing
anyway great movie
well Mike I saw probably the most
anticipated movie of the year
rise of Skywalker's pants just because
of our camels old yeah he's got an
advance hey come on I'm sure no but I
saw the Pet Sematary remake my only
question is why whole town's been using
this place for generations folks make a
kind of ritual out of it well I was
characters it's two guys they did a
movie a few years ago called starry eyes
that I really liked oh yeah I think I
saw that yeah actress sell your soul to
Satan oh it's wonderful it's a very good
movie the really great Oh cuz it was an
original movie and not a remake exactly
why sucked up and cashed in the check
the ridge the the typical thing although
I think I heard something and I don't
know if there's truth behind this that
the reason this movie was even made is
because whatever studio paramount I
think owns it, like, their rights were about to lapse
It's gonna run out of their license.
so they just shit out a movie really quick
Um, I mean, it sucks.
I was curious about it cuz of the filmmakers
but it's not good
leave them buried sometimes dead is
better it looks nice but it's like it
changes something this is kind of a
spoiler but they give it away in the
trailer which is you know it's the
family they lived by the highway with
the trucks crime by in the original
story and in the original film truck
hits the little baby gauge gauge the
little kids remember the name sounds
like that's a weird name yeah that's the
movie Denise Crosby left Star Trek The
Next Generation to go make yeah she's
not good in that movie that's the
biggest problem in that original movie
the the the lead guy is boring as fuck
but you got Fred Gwynne who's awesome in
that movie there's anyone ever buried a
person up there
nice on his throne no but this movie
they change its where it's not gage that
gets hit by the truck it's the older
daughter which one is less bizarre
really the Tasha Yar niece Crosby was
the mom well now she plays the older
daughter that doesn't make any sense
because this is a prequel
what the fuck is happening to your brain
well they change
it to the older daughter which is like
the most overused thing in horror movies
the creepy little girl you know the hair
hanging in the face Tommy girl I think
they did it because modern studio idea
would be that killing a baby is too
horrific for a horror film sure so they
made it the older daughter and it
fundamentally ruins the entire concept
of the idea from the original book and
what the orginal knew how old of a
daughter are we talking seven eight nine
okay I guess what it's like a baby hears
like a toddler yeah so they walk and it
yeah because when I think of that
original movie and the original story
like it's it's more it's less like scary
and more sort of tragic and bad it's
heartbreaking the toddler gets hit by a
car and they yeah it's like of course
you would want to bring yes child back
even though you know the consequence I
mean still want to bring your eight or
nine year old back but it's but it's yes
lessons that impact motional residents
yeah so that that effects the entire
movie and then the last 15 minutes
really changes things from the story to
the point of ludicrous II where I was
practically laughing at her
well it's still cold
we still have more movies to talk about
yes this conversation has gone on much
longer than I expected
well let's have it go on longer but
we'll take a break and then come back
yeah like in another segment or a part
you know what a continued continued like
tomorrow well I guess we can't leave
because the roads are closed whatever
