Apr 8, 2019
Shazam!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xoi5hA86BmA
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1115238106423267329
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156324206307634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-shazam

Half in the bag.
What the fuck is Shazam?
Lala another day pretending to fix a VCR
Oh how does he use this telephone how does
he expect to play this night Court - hey
I wasn't that tape the entire reason
we're here we've literally had that tape
since 2011 and I just smashed it hey Jay
you know last episode a lot of people
were asking about that red spot on your
shirt what gives oh it's actually a
really funny story baby backs
will become yours forget David Ayer
forget Zack Snyder leave it to the guy
who made lights out and Annabel creation
to rejuvenate the DC Cinematic Universe
Shazam is possibly the worst looking
corniest lamest superhero ever
it's literally magic that this movie
turned out to be one of the better
superhero movies of the last ten years
or is it witchcraft
dad break whoa
so Jay what did you think of Shazam
Shazam is so fucking corny and I mean
that in the best possible way this is
the first movie at a very very long time
to capture that Sam Raimi corny but
still sincere tone that we haven't
really seen since the spider-man movies
well me personally I loved it you're
sitting there watching this movie and
someone might say well they're just
ripping off a Marvel formula but as I
was watching it I was like this isn't it
has that feel of a Marvel movie but not
really
it's almost its own unique movie pulled
from both cinematic universes because
there's the war of the DC and the Marvel
I get that Marvel movies are like a cake
where the cake part is the movie taking
itself seriously and there's a nice
icing on top of humor sure and Shazam is
kind of inverted where there's an icing
on top of the seriousness of what's
happening but the the bulk of the movie
is a light-hearted comedy sir and an
adventure film basically yeah it's it's
kind of like what you were complaining
about with Aquaman basically everything
you were complaining about that that
movie was missing is exactly what is in
this movie which is that that
relatability and that personal
connection I'm gonna keep mentioning Sam
Raimi spider-man movies because that's
what this reminded me of the most
specifically in the constantly cutting
to reaction shots of random normal
people there's there's like the worst
extras ever in the spider-man movies and
it's great
and this movie has that too or there'll
be something exciting happening and then
we just see how real people are
responding and reacting and then the
fine finale the movie doesn't take place
in some sort of magical underwater
fantasy world with hundreds of thousands
of CGI creatures it takes place in a
like winter carnival and it's perfect
it's like they spent all DC and Warner
Brothers they spent all their money on
all the CGI crabs and Aquaman and
they're like we only got some pocket
change left for you David Sandberg go
make your little movie it's kind of
what's happening down the street we just
film there it's a part of the it's a
Warner Brothers movie it's a part of the
DC Cinematic Universe if that's still a
thing but it feels lower budget that a
lot of the more recent ones and it and
this goes along with the director to
which we can get into but it has this
sort of like raggedy outsider feel to it
where it's not trying to be the grandest
thing ever yeah okay why are you talking
it's it's a movie where a little kid
gets magically sent to a cave and a
wizard grants some super powers the
premise is ridiculous but instead of
taking that premise seriously and like
wrapping around a changing his costume
glad they never changed his costume his
costume looks ridiculous and corny the
whole way through and that works well at
some point he didn't go you know what
I'm gonna use mushrooms and powers to
make my costume more badass no that cape
he has it looks like like grandma's
drape so it's so awesome yeah how they
left it the whole time and I mean like
you you they did run around the this
underground magical cavern world
the mines of moria from Lord of the
Rings yeah and they just had the door
thing and they had to put a little
production in there that's for the
trailer what stops fine because it's the
use sparingly
yeah well David F Sandberg is a very I
think he's a very competent
nuts and bolts kind of director
and he did a great job with this film
but we should also credit the
screenwriter this is a really clever
funny script and I think those in
concert working together made a great
movie because um there's there's a lot
of really well executed humor in this
and I guess I didn't expect that so much
from the guy who made Annabelle creation
well there is an element of you could
tell from certain scenes in this movie
much like the Sam Raimi spider-man
movies again you can tell like hey this
guy has a background in horror there's a
sequence this movie has its equivalent
of the Doc Ock hospital scene from
spider-man 2 and that's when we say the
movie doesn't take itself seriously we
should say the story is taken seriously
it's like the whole movie is joke no
it's just very light-hearted and and has
that kind of fun adventurers tone but
it's serious when it needs to be and it
treats the villains as a real threat
yes on the subject of spider-man one
right of similar similar themes and and
I think that's why this worked as well
as Sam Raimi's original spider-man was
because it is a superhero movie it's
about being a hero and not about I have
to stop the bad guy no stopping the bad
guys part of a superhero movie and in
the Sam Raimi film the the the theme was
with great power comes great
responsibility and that's the Spider Man
bit right and then Peter Parker say yeah
I'm gonna win I'm gonna win some money
in this cage match what's your name kid
the human spider human spider that's it
that's the best you got
yeah that sucks then when he sees a
criminal running he doesn't do anything
yeah that's when he realizes he's uh
he's going down a darker path mm-hmm
and the similar themes play out in
Shazam when Shazam is he's literally
trying to make money like a lightning
show taking selfies with people he's
like like someone in front of the the
Chinese Theatre yeah out of the oven
thetic it's superhero costume people
because he's a kid so there's a little
more more of an excuse there they they
use his power to steal beer or go to a
strip club and they're yeah did you do
it a 14 15 year-old kid would do it
mine's every possible concept out of
that premise every joke you can have a
joke in a good way not like not like
predictable but every like little fish
out of water kind of there's even a a
little cute reference to big the movie
big with Tom Hanks yeah so but over time
the kid something name was Italy
Billy Oh Billy Billy Peltzer Billy Zane
Billy Barty's Billy Barty okay party
yeah that was really partied that one of
the one of the many little plot threads
is that he's trying to find his real mom
who he thought he just lost but she
turns out to be horrible white trash
then he realizes okay my foster family
is better that's a real family yeah well
that's all misfits but family is the key
that that comes into play at the end
it's all about family
family and that's what's so powerful
about it that's what's so powerful it's
it's a much better film about family
than Star Wars the last Jedi which is
not about family what is the last Jedi
about it's about it's about a woke lady
with pink hair ramming a spaceship it's
a Star Destroyer it's about a woke lady
with pink hair teaching you that men are
wrong about everything
that's what Star was less Jette is about
yeah no this is Minh I keep saying corny
but I don't mean that in a bad way but
all the stuff with him in the foster
family it was very if I had a complaint
it would be the the scenes between them
him and all the foster kids felt a
little stilted it reminded me of like I
was thinking of like The Goonies or
something to Ray have all these kids and
there's the camaraderie between them but
this just felt like little actors doing
their own thing and Goonies if everyone
was like talking over each other and it
felt like real kids like movie kids
right
it didn't come natural yeah an issue is
two storylines kind of converging at the
end you have Billy and his foster
brother who's crippled it was the
knowledgeable superhero kid and at the
end if he also then became a superhero
that kind of would have like resolved
that and that's what happened all the
other foster kids becoming superheroes
as well to kind of take the council
seats at the end it sort of worked but
in my cynical brain like turned on when
when the movie first started because I
was like wait a minute nobody could say
finally with this film finally a hero
for little white boys to look up to like
nobody could say that about Shazam yeah
there's two white kids and Zachary Levi
as Shazam and then they go to the foster
home and it's like the diversity house
and it's like this little black girl a
Japanese kid and like a fat Hispanic boy
yeah I know they're all like framed up
isn't a problem the fact that the the
these kids are represented isn't a
problem with the way it's executed is
like they come into frame and like I'm
here now yes yeah it was executed a
little awkwardly yep and it didn't give
those characters enough enough time yeah
and and they're all kind of given a cork
or a little story bead the one girls
trying to get into college so the other
the fat kid was severely under
underrepresented in the storyline that's
nothing he was the least fleshed out
it's like he didn't like he didn't have
that moment where he's gone the kids at
school or making fun of me because I'm
so fat
yeah oh that's a mean you just take that
yeah oh don't worry you could lose
weight I've been trying I've been trying
to lose weight
nothing works the solution is
coincidentally become friends with
someone who turns out to be a superhero
well yeah it's an arc it's a little arc
he was kind of left on the wayside you
have your kids and yeah but see it's
like there's so much then to develop
yeah couldn't really spend too much time
on them but it all worked in the end
well it's it's all at the service of the
main story which is yeah the Billy Barty
learning to to open his hearts to a
family that's that's the arc of the of
his story which is he's the protagonist
so his advice to the older girl was
about to go off to college is take care
of numero uno yourself she's like oh I
don't know if I want to leave this no
don't worry about this family get out of
here take care of yourself so this is a
wonderful little arc somebody realizes
there's strength in your family now you
can't just do it alone it made the the
payoff at the end more satisfying and it
wasn't like okay now I've learned my
superpowers now that bad guy is setting
up a thing on the top of the Empire
State Building that's going to shoot a
laser and I have to go punch I have to
go punch him over and over again yeah
that was part of it but the bigger part
was the supporting characters and the
the family and right in the middle of
the third act he's still track him down
his biological mother now that's like oh
we're back to this like this is giving
this character a little bit of depth and
some interest we could cut out all the
superhero stuff and it would be like a
little coming-of-age story sure about a
kid learning to open his heart to his
foster family yeah no but that see
that's what you're craving is that that
development of all those characters in
the foster family they they develop
those parents real quick
you know yeah and the first like five
seconds really crazy where they back me
do this thing okay got it got it got it
got it got it
these are really good people got it
they're not the nasty foster parents
Harry Potter or whatever they're they're
good quality people and they really care
and you wanted you wanted more scenes
with him interacting with the other
siblings they built up the college-bound
girl the little black girl was fairly
well developed because she had her
little secret that she was keeping she
wanted to hug everybody and he's like
don't fucking hug me yeah I'm not your
real brother that's a little quirk got
some quirks and the other kid didn't do
so much with them they cut some scenes
out well there was an indication that
the the heavyset kid was gay
oh yeah yeah there's that one line when
they come out of the strip club he's
like not my thing it's like like a
facade though because it's like oh he
gay has nothing to do with that easy
let's just throw labels on everybody
yeah yeah a little bit fulfilled your
quota that'll satisfy the mob the
Twitter mobs this is crazy what are your
superpowers superpowers dude I don't
even know how to pee in this thing
Ju saw something recently that said
mothers were angry that they took their
children to this because they went home
crying oh no somebody tweeted at us
saying that the the marketing was
misleading because it makes it look like
fun goofy kids your superhero movie and
then there's darker aspects to it and so
there he was there was like the demons
scared his kids I feel no sympathy for
him remember this I get out in the real
this this movie is a throwback to like
the the 80s and 90s movies where like is
thinking of like I mentioned Goonies but
also like Return to Oz or you can make a
kids movie that has dark stuff in it
yeah and this movie isn't that dark I
thought
kind of dark at the opening and I
thought it was going to be darker we get
a cameo by John Glover who nobody has
seen since gremlins - you're supposed to
be getting the bugs out of the building
right well I would call these some
pretty goddamn major bugs wouldn't you
huh he's the dad of the villain there's
a pretty scary car accident especially
if you're a kid that'd be pretty scary
too the whole opening is pretty pretty
violence dark and scary and I thought
the idea was that the dad died was like
that's a fucking dark way to open your
goofy comic book movie turns out he
didn't die but then he died later in a
much much more horrific way
it's a proper setup for our villain he
was horribly traumatized yeah
by magic yeah no everything is set up
like his motivation is clear like
because that's another problem with a
lot of comic book movies is you never
care about the villain it's getting
better in recent movies like Thanos of
course but even like Michael Keaton and
the spider-man homecoming movie some
movies are getting better villains but
there was that that period like the
early-to-mid
Marvel movies where you never cared
about yeah any of the villains but now
is a decent enough setup decent enough
motivation well it mimics the Billie's
plotline as well with family yeah being
selfish and learning to let go it's fine
the polar opposite of Shazam yeah
personality-wise not the most
interesting but the gimmick behind it he
has demons that could come out mists and
materialize do things they're in his
body and then they they come out in in
fart clouds and daemon monsters the the
payoff of theirs they have to have all
the demons out it feels like a video
game like you have to accomplish this
thing and get all the demons out of his
body in order for him to become mortal
again it's very silly but then the one
demon that's still inside him is envied
pays off wonderfully for a moment like I
think what what post-credit scene aside
which give no fucks about I stop with
the stock can we be done with those well
I like that I wanted this movie to be
separated from the D
see universe because at first it was
like the foster-care brother is like
opens a drawer and you see all these
comic books and newspapers and I was
like Oh neat like is that a comic book
and oh he likes comics like oh wait a
minute
Superman's real world real yes world
what that's fine no I didn't like that
I'm not fine because it makes Shazam
less special the whole premise of the
movie less special when there is
literally a Superman out there unless
this is the point when he was dead
I don't know well it's not because he
shows up at the end you're right it's a
very that's definitely Henry Cavill -
yeah it's definitely him I'll do it but
don't show my face but let that make me
even think about like it's like funny if
they showed us facing it half a mustache
because I'm a CG animators again they
spend all their money on those those
underwater creatures in Aquaman we don't
have any money to digitally remove
Koval's mustache this time it was Henry
Cavill we barely had it the first time
we did it when he showed up in Shazam on
set he had half a mustache because
that's the new like hipster trend Oh
doing it okay so they shot all of his
scenes and they told all the cgi
animators remove the hair part of his
mustache and then they spent seventy
million dollars doing that and then then
the studio heads came back and go no no
we want the full mustache and then they
had to redo it again so they had to
digitally put over a full mustache over
the digitally removed half mustache okay
and then after all that they looked at
the footage and they said oh we didn't
even have his head in frame someone got
fired over that put what tripod
malfunction mr. wood Superman's Hedison
in frame nobody will notice nobody will
notice it's the costume that they'll see
don't you want to tilt the camera up mr.
wood oh they tilt the camera up and
Superman's going like this
yeah that's actually Davidoff samberg's
chiropractor he kind of looks a little
like henry cavill if he covers his face
look kids like why Superman covering his
face like a vampire a lot of things can
explain that ending Jay look James Wan
blew all of our money on Aquaman
your phone charge hell there's a little
cameo by Annabel yeah yeah I'm sure
everybody noticed that maybe they did
but it's great that just like the
reference too big it's not distracting
sometimes when people try to put little
in jokes or references it's like it's
distracting if you don't know what it is
and you're like what was the point of
that a little bit but no they're in a
little pawn shop Annabelle's just buried
in the corner there ironically there's
scenes in this movie that are much
scarier than anything in Annabelle
creation yeah and I I got I got
superhero chills a couple times during
the film yeah rarely happens
well that's I have this in The Rocketeer
yeah I think the the the world war ii
trench scene and Wonder Woman there's
those little moments where you want your
superhero to feel like they're doing
there's something heroic yeah and
they're not just punching people through
buildings
there's one shot in this movie where
they're flying around him and the
villain and they're like punchiness
they're flying through the sky and it
looked like a shot right out of Man of
Steel but it's just one shot and then it
just cuts down to the the city street
and Shazam just kind of goes I was like
that then if that was an intentional
like dig at Venice T there was an
intentional slight wasn't ya there the
little kid in his apartment building is
playing with the Batman super handsome
oh yeah I was like hitting them against
each other and right outside Shazam hits
a sad
whatever that super villains name was
and then he drops his toys and they fall
in the ground I thought I thought I read
it as a slight you know because this
movie was a hundred million times better
Superman and Man of Steel hey our
superhero has personal stakes and is
actually being heroic what what a novel
concept in a superhero film and it's
likable and is likable which is an
important factor and the likability
translates to the actor Zachary Levi who
does a phenomenal job at playing a
fourteen-year-old kid as a grown man
have you seen him in anything else it
was he on a TV show it's just funny you
asked I feel out of the loop on exactly
Levi I saw that well I saw the the
Shazam trailer you know then many many
many months went by and I've watched the
show the marvelous miss Mazal and season
- he's in season two okay and he plays a
pretty big character in season two and
I'm watching him like why do I know him
from
and I was like Shazam
he plays Fandral in the Thor movies
and then I found out later that he is
Shazam oh okay sorry about your window
hey welcome for not getting robbed oh
hey
stop I'm a superhero yeah you never
doubt for a second you never think about
the fact that he always like whenever
you turn the Shazam I was still thinking
to him as that little kid just because
of his performance which was always my
problem with bigs like it's a fine movie
but I always felt like Tom Hanks was
playing the character younger then the
kid that he was supposed to be embodying
right
even when I saw that movie as a kid I
was like why is he acting younger than
the actual kid version of himself right
so he acted like five-year-old yeah and
and yeah Zachary Levi pulls it off
perfectly where he's just got all those
little mannerisms and just he's really
good in it yeah and like we said they
mind every possible comedic beat out of
what you would do if you suddenly looked
like an adult
right the first thing that they think to
do has grown up is go get beer yes and
then I'd like to purchase some of the
finest beer I mean just those hard cuts
yeah comedy cuts great and then that
dead center in the frame that's a
perfect comedy framing yeah he comes out
with the beer and then they start
drinking it and I heard a mom because
here you see the little kid drinking a
beer and I was and they did that 20:19
and then the you know they spit it out
and they say it tastes like puke or
something yeah and then the mom goes oh
good it's like oh good he's gonna start
drinking and I was like okay you know my
selfish grown-up humor version of me
wants to see like them drunk Shazam one
and the other kid throwing up in the
toilet and kind of get a little darker
but I was like okay that's good that's
enough thanks my need for my garbage
fast food yeah and then that's paid off
later when he's like and I think of the
one place to go there was a wonderful
callback that was some of those like the
with humor you want it to be surprising
and I was not expecting them to bring
back the strip club so the fact that
they do during the the high-stakes
conclusion of the movie was perfect a
beer and a strip club in a children's
superhero film well that's again I feel
like I'm the nineteen eighties that's
what I say it is like kids acting like
kids they they say shit a few times it's
just like it last year where it's like
it's it's refreshing to see things where
it's not like all the edges are
completely sanded off like not that this
is an edgy movie but that's why they
call him David Sandberg that was a
quality quality joke and just see I'm
pretty fast I'm fast superhero supposed
to do kids want to see scary shit they
want to see demons biting off people's
heads you do in a way that isn't
horribly violent and fits in a movie
with this more lighthearted tone right
Sam Raimi did it fucking 20 years ago
tons of filmmakers did it in the 80s
through the 90s and then there was a
period where everything just felt so
sanitized and so it's nice to see people
kind of reimbursing that there was
plenty of kids in the theater we saw it
that we're clapping it's okay for kids
to clap in a movie it's adults knock
that shit off but little kids that they
get excited yay all right my hero did
something exciting in heroic like fine
and this is a very relatable film to
kids because the kid becomes a superhero
so there was a one lonely bearded man in
our theater who came by himself and it's
like well you don't have a friend to go
with you either if you have a lady she
either didn't want to go or you don't
have a lady and you don't have children
but you're a grown man that wants so
much to Sam just stay home
just stay home you can wait for it to
come out in video stay at home and
masturbate at least you don't have to
suffer the indignity of going up to the
ticket agent going one fish's a.m.
that's true you can just see this little
Autobot Mitrano no one's looking yeah
it's like you're walking into a porno
theater your shoulder right one Sam
don't wear your Shazam t-shirt I wonder
because this movie is it's not a kids
movie but it certainly appeals to kids
more than like a Batman V Superman or
Man of Steel which are just like
miserable nightmares but those movies do
have their fans there's people that
defend the Zack Snyder stuff and that
sort of DC darker DC Cinematic Universe
it's different than the Marvel movies
because it's edgy like then they go see
this movie and it's like cute
shenanigans Shazam is a part of the DC
Universe yeah not my Shazam
no hash tag not my Shazam right right
Shazam should be fucking ripping
people's heads off and smoking we drink
that beer he should have chug the beer
and then threw the bottle at some
bitch's I I this is the kind of
superhero movie I enjoy because it has
all all hits all the right beats for a
superhero movie and specifically one one
good little sequence was the bus
sequence when he's that's well that's
was a important plot point the device
was that he's he accidentally shoots
lightning and blows a tire out of the
bus and it's his fault that the bus is
hanging off the cliff yeah and then
there's Sony has to learn to actually be
a hero yes Yeah right that's his first
actual heroic moment other than the
robbery scene which is more selfish kind
of consequential he said it was funny
that he was bulletproof and yet but but
and and that's a good moment to you're
talking about extras
the characters because they're all
falling from the bus and hitting the
glasses that he drags out this dirty
mattresses and then the guy is laying
there on the glasses like no no and yeah
they're not it's exciting and Heroica
but still humorous without the humour
detracting from the gravity of the
situation right yeah yeah well balanced
so Mike would you recommend Shazam
absolutely bring your kids kids need to
see some horrifying things every now and
then they need to see demons biting
people's heads off but ending up 10 and
up 5 and below no take them to don't
take your kids 5 and below to any
fucking movie keep them out of the
theater cuz they're gonna drive me nuts
yeah keep them down on your basement Oh
Jay you were gonna tell me about that
red stain on your shirt oh yeah
add break
