Jan 09, 2018
Bird Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YUAu0aP4DA
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1082728043385405448
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156136942712634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-bird-box

Half in the bag.
The 9/11 moon landing's were an outside job.
I can't believe
it's been like two weeks and stupid
people are still doing that bird box
challenge
oh god oh this is so hard I can't see
anything all the camels right Oh
really dangerous
okay and I'm thinking I found my twine
Jesus Christ
Oh God oh fuck there we go hard um
wrapping twine
unlike the ER just okay I'm gonna try
and drive to the grocery store
so Mike have you seen bird box I have
what made you think of that
Netflix presents bird box it's the movie
premise equivalent to the horror
jump-scare Sandra Bullock stars as a
pregnant lady who has a baby then adopts
another baby to take care of all the
while dealing with not looking at
something evil or it makes you crazy
or it makes you kill yourself or makes
insane people sane but bad either way a
whole bunch of people act scared crazy
or annoying
all while Sandra Bullock acts her way
through the movie while loaded up on
valium eat shit and die
Netflix laughing at why do you laugh so
much
what are you happy well Jay here we are
tell us all about bird boxes where do we
where do we start with bird box because
the movie itself is not good it's not
interesting bad it's just kind of
generically bad but people have lost
their fucking minds over this thing it's
bizarre
yeah I think this whole thing kind of
like flew to the side of me I remember
seeing like I'm Netflix like Sandra
Bullock with a blindfold on and and
those what's that yeah
now you said Sandra Bullock nope eh well
yeah but I'm gonna watch Office reruns
for the millionth eye there you go
that's what you do that's the only thing
they should just rename Netflix to the
office but then it was like have you
seen Bird box Oh bird box and I was like
what why but what and then and then I
heard what you told me that Netflix
while they don't release their numbers
they said 45 million accounts watched
the bird banks that's the that's the
weird thing because Netflix doesn't
release their numbers ever yet for some
reason with this one particular thing
they said 45 million people watched it
you don't want to be left out do you so
I'm wondering if these numbers are
accurate or not because that's the thing
people are saying - is that the movie is
about on par as far as how many people
have seen it with like Black Panther as
far as movies that have come out in the
last year it's under Avengers infinity
war but it's right around the level of
Black Panther yeah I guess so like
box-office wise if you figure yeah this
all roughly speaking I think they think
that figure was ten bucks a head or
under yeah yeah exactly it was gonna be
a little over 400 million and if this
was released in the theaters but the
thing is if this was released in
theaters 45 million people wouldn't gone
and seen it this movie would probably
have tanked III chock its popularity and
its success up to one viral marketing
partially on Netflix part but also on
the rise of the Box challenge because
it's a fun thing that people can do they
and the good old fashioned WOM word of
mouth where the mouth sure was awesome
portent and cheapest form of marketing I
got the kids we have the kids and I
think even more important than that
though is the fact that it was released
right before Christmas
right around the holidays everybody's
home people are off of work they're not
off of school they got nothing to do
you're with your family mom like Sandra
Bullock I guess we can all just watch
this I guess I guess this this this is a
new genre called mom horror mom horror
that's a good word for it yeah a couple
spooky things happen in it you know you
got the Sarah Paulson getting hit by a
bus old lady get stabbed in the neck so
there's spoilers oh yes by the way
spoilers for this whole thing because
nobody cares yeah but yeah for the most
part it's not super gory or super tense
it's it's actually I mean to me I didn't
absolutely hate it it's it's an easy fix
in a lot of areas a couple of lines of
dialogue to explain the threat some some
light editing trimming
I mean rearranging of the entire
structure or the structure of course
this is like they should they could
teach classes on how not to structure
your narrative and use this as an
example they structured the movie in a
way that it deflated all tension yes
because let's get into it
it starts off Sandra Bullock is it
public or Baalak or Bullock public don't
like ball Baalak bowling look Bullock
Bullock like licking a bowl yes not
licking a ball Bullock Bullock I've
never known how to say her name starts
off shot of her eyes under no
circumstance are you allowed to take off
your blindfold camera pulls back that's
directing and she's yelling at her kids
with which she is named girl and boy yes
that's the whole her arc of the movie is
that she's she's emotionally closed off
from people so much so that she doesn't
want to name her children you know what
this movie so popular in 2019 girl and I
don't even finish the sentence are gonna
be the most popular names
I named her Karl after my favorite movie
which will always be my favorite movie
that's like the the people that like 10
years ago were naming their kids after
Twilight and now those kids are getting
beat up and OH
school I also got pregnant while doing
the bird box challenge I don't know who
the father I just loved the film yeah
it's gonna be all the rage and at frat
houses girls want to do the bird box
challenge
bro bro dudes are gonna be high-fiving
each other all over colleges well okay
first of all yeah yeah okay Sandra sir
I'm just telling your kids you know
don't look at anything you're gonna die
we got to go down the river yes and then
so the point of this part was the
structure she's going down the river
with the two kids but that's and then we
flashback five years and we are
introduced to litany of characters that
we all know will be dead yes cuz we know
that she ends up with just her and the
two kids also in the opening the scene
right after that she's in the hospital
you know they're there checking out the
baby and we see she only has one baby so
we're like oh okay so one of those kids
isn't hers and then ten minutes later
we're introduced to another pregnant
woman who is conveniently due writer on
the same time as Sandra Bullock so we
say oh the other baby is that lady's and
she's going to die tension deflated
again mystery deflated mysteries gone
mysteries solved yeah before they become
mystery but we were introduced to Sandra
Bullock's sister played by Sarah Paulsen
who should have played the lead because
Sarah Paulsen's awesome and Sandra
Bullock's boring but Sarah Paulsen she's
too busy shooting American Horror Story
she said I'll show up for a day and then
I'm gonna jump in front of a truck
people described seeing an entity that
takes on the form of your worst fears
it's a movie that could work if a lot of
little things were fixed moved around
tweaked it kind of feels like a like a
first draft of a screenplay sure you
know for anyone writes notes like hey
maybe don't do this framing device that
gives away everything I know it's based
on a book and a book is is written by
one person usually unless you have ghost
write or whatever the singular idea of
an author I don't know who or when but
and then someone adapts it into a
screenplay
so I get that but it does feel like a
first draft of a script before people
look at it and go oh take this out damn
this I'll rearrange this structure fix
this explain something yeah yeah so it
kind of feels like like that where it's
like a little frustrating because there
were some good sequences there was some
some good performances or some lot of
good moments but Oh messy messy it's a
good it's a good um if you're if you're
looking to write scripts or if you're a
like kind of like movie buffs like us
because I like movies like this that
because they're kind of fascinating in a
way where it's like oh yeah it's like I
mentioned it's a good example to show to
someone as an example of how not to
structure your script right right
structure your story
yeah or you like it's a good movie to
show in a film school yes let's talk
about why this doesn't work yes or give
us your reactions look at II it's a
teaching tool that's a teaching tool and
I think it felt like a drag because like
we said the structure was wrong where it
deflated all the tension if it went in
chronological order yeah where it's like
yeah and like most zombie movies do we
don't we don't know what's happening the
characters don't know what's happening
and then we learn along with them I mean
Dawn of the Dead if we if we showed the
helicopter ending where you didn't get
away they got the two characters get
away yeah and they leave in the
helicopter and then we say six months
earlier and be like Oh
the zombies are gonna overrun them all
not knowing what happens in your movie
is important especially in a movie like
this where it's a disaster and
everyone's fighting for as far as the
story goes not as far as the the
creature oh yeah yeah oh sure it's good
to know what's going on with the
motivation of your creature or what it's
capable of that too is important yeah
and that's what this gets wrong as well
it's a threat in the film that has no
limits
yes it has psychological powers because
at the young Sandra Bullock is running
around the woods and the little kids and
her are hearing voices so it could tap
into your brain I think the only thing
you can't do is like physically harm you
it can't go into houses you can't go
inside cars we for whatever reason I
don't know what the cutoff is for what
it can and can't do as far as what's
outdoors and what's indoors right it's
all very nebulous
yeah and that's like I always say rules
are so important in horror films because
this one I didn't know the rule it
becomes awkward because it's like
everyone's comparing this to a quiet
place but the to me the structure of it
mostly reminds me of every zombie movie
ever made well sure and in a zombie
movie like in the George Romero zombie
movies we never really know what causes
the dead to come back to life people
come back to life we don't know why but
we understand what the threat is how to
stop them what the rules are don't get
yourself a club or a torch beat'em or
burner may go up pretty easy so even
though we don't know the start of it we
still have some sort of structure to
know what to be scared of and what kind
of peril our characters are in in this
movie it's just sort of like anything
yeah
so if you look at the monster then you
want to kill yourself but then there's
this whole little plot point where they
mention the the Institute for the
criminally insane and how they all broke
out and then they broke into the the
guy's house and we're making the you
know like there's the guy in the river
in the beginning when he's like I watch
a children crazy I want you to look at
it too it's like yeah crazy people are
now
recruiting you to look at the things so
yeah if you're crazy
whatever that means because there are
varying degrees of crazy this is true I
guess just general generalized crazy
disorder if you look at the monster then
you become like a cult member or just a
really mean person but the one thing
that's the confusing part to me is the
British guy British guy knocks on the
door and John Malkovich rightfully says
don't let him in patty-cakes a lots of
men I'm I'm just a British man I was
here on a work trip and me and my
co-workers all hid in this house
crazy people came in they forced us to
you know look at the monster I didn't I
ran away blah blah blah things in the
house for quite a while acting
completely normal acting completely
normal until he decides that now he's
crazy yes and he's going to fuck
everyone over by opening up the windows
and or that was his plan all along and
somehow he's able to act normal for long
enough who know rice was he lying or was
he crazy in disguise if so then you have
real big problems because you don't know
who to trust
and and it's almost like every which
could be interesting if they flush that
out if that was the only threat was that
people become infected with this disease
and then the some people might be like
spies or bad and then they just try and
stab you
yeah but and on top of that we have
monsters and we have you kill yourself
if you look at a monster it's like
everything in the kitchen sink being
dumped in there like threat wise and
then any specific thing isn't very well
explained and that gets somatically
confusing to the whole because they're
going down the river and it's kind of
set up like one that she says to the two
kids one of you is gonna have to look
and navigate for me because the river
gets rough up ahead and I guess it's
like oh she's probably gonna make the
kid that's not hers do it because it's
not her kid but then she says no neither
of you are gonna look and so it was the
theme of the movie
that we should just have blind faith I
don't know what the theme of this movie
suppose the name of the movie is she
learns to open her eyes to motherhood
but if it was like she took off she said
okay you guys we someone has to look to
navigate this she was gonna have one of
the kids do it then she says no I'm
gonna take the responsibility and then
she takes her that then you would have a
point
baby yeah and I'd and that little kids
made it to the compound yes or she
survived for whatever reason the thing
didn't show up but she learned to take
responsibility for these children that
should be the moment that she opens her
eyes because that's the the central
conflicts the muddled muddled yes some
themes within the boat capsizes and they
all float down the river anyway it
sounds like those kids are dead and if
the theme was really strong it'd be
easier to forgive some of the the
details the literal kind of technical
details of what's happening again like a
quiet place like there's so many things
you could pick apart in that but the the
point of the movie is really strong the
theme of it yeah is clear and and well
done but this movie it's like the
narrative is messy the themes are messy
the mythology of the threat is messy so
it's like nothing gels
so why is this movie so popular it's
it's one of two reasons one it's
manufactured excitement or lies sir like
oh my gosh bird box is the most popular
thing in the world everybody there were
there was a conspiracy theory that there
were like BOTS Twitter accounts that
were doing the hashtag bird box
challenge and that's what got it going
Russian Russian BOTS it's always those
Russian BOTS we're gonna make Americans
walking around with blindfolds on or
it's it's like lowest-common-denominator
entertainment like a Transformers movie
kind of where it's it's that version of
horror where it's so spooky cuz Sandra
Bullock can't see anything yeah I think
it's the blindfold hook is stupid it's
just sort of fascinating that's such a
mediocre thing is caught on the way it
has yeah once it gets going then you get
so many dummies just following do the
front bangs she's about to drive with
her blindfold on I'm sitting scared DOM
and I tell her when to stop whatever
it's weird and scary what happens with a
lot of things it's very easy to
manipulate people yeah and especially
like I mean that's like fashion you know
like everybody's doing this everybody's
wearing this yeah people follow along
and they you know they follow trends and
they don't even think about what got it
started or why Bird bucks challenge
let's put blindfolds on oh that's
actually it's kind of a really creepy
example when you think about it I guess
see like like like a bird box challenge
for Mom
you know trying to work her Facebook
page or the blindfold on you know but
but not like like boiling a lobster but
young people would do something dumb
yeah you know hiking in the Grand Canyon
bird box style no no no that's the funny
part is enough people have apparently
gotten injured where Netflix felt the
need to release a statement said hey
stop doing this your stupidity will be
blamed on us I wonder if they if you
could figure out if Netflix did
manufacture the bird box challenge and
then if they did then if they
be culpable reliable for a class-action
lawsuit
all because of bird box movie it's
ironic isn't it well class I a lawsuit
for the most part if something has a
genuine word of mouth like swell yeah
it's probably pretty good but with this
it was odd so I think I'm in the
conspiracy camp okay I mean they are
Netflix is still somewhat selective did
you hear about the Holmes and Watson
movie it got such negative response and
test screenings that the studio wanted
to just sell it off to Netflix and dump
it on Netflix and Netflix was like nope
and so they're like I guess we got a
release in theaters and then of course
it comes out and it gets horrible
reviews and it flops so I think it's
even though this movie's mediocre it's
still had one in s Sandra Bullock and
everybody loves her and then it has that
hook the blindfolds yeah horror so it's
like even though the movies pretty
mediocre it's got something we can sell
Cloverfield paradox terrible movie but
it's got the Cloverfield name it's
something we can sell it's dead so fine
yeah there you go this is mom war and
that's dad sci-fi it sat in my big
armchair
with the coffee and I smoked a cigar and
I ate potato chips that I fell asleep in
the middle for the end I'm gonna take my
diabetes medicine there you go now it's
like the Adam Sandler movies that they
they started pumping those out on
Netflix or it's like they're not good
but they have an audience and there's
that hook yeah yeah Holmes and Watson
they probably looked at that and said
this is we got nothing it's easier to to
walk out so to speak of a Netflix movie
yeah it is when you go to an actual
theater pay money sit down that's why I
say if this movie come out in theaters
it probably would have flopped or at
least not done very well uh-huh right
yeah 45 million no no one wants to leave
their house in the middle of winter to
go seabird box nobody wants to I mean if
I were Netflix I would have bought homes
and moths
who wants to go to the theater to watch
that that's true oh yeah of comedy Will
Ferrel I'll click probably got would
have gotten 50 million clicks you ever
watched a minute and shut it off yeah
but then you could claim that it's the
most successful Netflix movie ever
yeah and then everyone would be doing
the Holmes and Watson challenge which is
to eat a tied pod or just just get
really really really old and unfunny
like Will Ferrell trying to age myself
faster I'm lying in the Sun I'm drinking
booze and I'm not making jokes I'm just
yelling non sequiturs so Jay even though
it's free and you don't like if you have
enough loot subscription and I said that
in the video once I was like it's free
because it's on Netflix and there were
people in the comments they're like
there's no free could you pay for enough
flicks take you know what the fuck I
mean some genuine anger you know when I
beat you asshole love to type up the
gotcha comments but no I would out
recommend its there's some decent movies
apostle is on Netflix right now it's a
Gareth Evans movie with Dan Stevens sort
of period peace cult movie it's really
really good I recommend that as far as
Netflix movies go I don't know I would
say like if you're curious to see what
all the buzz is about you know he didn't
watch it
oh god so I got killed 16 people but I
made it to the grocery store and back
mr. blinken I'm really surprised you
would take part in some stupid trend
like the bird box challenge for box
challenge
