Oct 6, 2019
Joker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAGA82ajAdo
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1181041674623082503
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156745758157634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-joker

Half in the bag.
"Moose is in the house."
"Moose is in the house."
hey Mike did you see
Martin Scorsese is trending on Twitter
oh no we lost Marty oh no he's still
alive but people are very upset with him
why for being absolutely right about
everything
Oh Marty we've been saying for years
that movies are now theme park rides is
that where all this 3d shit is gonna
turn movies into like theme park rides
you ready to send a little car that goes
slowly through the kitchen look Mike if
I'm gonna trust anyone's opinion on
quality film
it's not gonna be Martin Scorsese it's
gonna be some guy that claims he has an
emotional connection to ant-man and the
wasp trust the Twitter Bob Jay always
trust the Twitter mob speaking of which
let's talk about Joker my mother always
tells me to smile and put on a happy
face
spooky clown scare me Joker film so
controversial
Joaquin Phoenix didn't know how to
answer a question in an interview on
left for two hours that's that's where
we should start
before we get into the discussion is
hot-button
politics well that's that's the
interesting thing more interesting than
the movie I don't know how you feel
about this movie we haven't talked about
it yet but we call this time we live in
the age of reactions yes very
reactionary and that's as someone that
grew up a horror fan it's weird to me
because that's what you always heard
there's the argument that like horror
films they're gonna turn you into a
violent psychopath this guy is to my way
of thinking of vicarious sex criminal he
has very antisocial attitudes
I felt creepy sitting there or before
that you had like tipper gore and her
fight against music the evils of music
we have always talked about the positive
aspects of the music industry but of
course the highlight has been on the
excesses that have been allowed to
develop as we have tried to focus our
concern on
it's a stack panic and satanic panic all
that stuff and the it's still happening
to this day people are still trying to
blame movies on the world's problems and
nots
people movies and video games movies and
video games has been a hot hot button
issue forever as well people have been
crazy since the dawn of time that's true
that's true one out of every hundred
people is crazy and will stab you or
shoot at you well that's the regardless
of what they're exposed to
well that's the connection of this movie
is obviously people are thinking of the
the shooting that happened in Aurora
even though that was mishandled and they
were saying that the guy went there
dressed as the Joker but he didn't he
just happened to have dyed red hair yeah
I think it was a police officer who
misspoke and said he said he was the
Joker yeah what happened during a Batman
movie but but I think he said he just
picked that movie because it was an
opening weekend and it was crowded yeah
it wasn't it's like the biggest movie of
all time those are trying to be the
Joker and then statement you know gets
kind of like like twist it up in the in
the the lens of the media yeah but
that's what's been interesting and seen
the lead-up to this movie is people that
hadn't seen the movie saying this movie
is going to embolden a white terrorism
or this movie is going to empower in
cells and all this stuff and now the
movie is out and the movie is about the
importance of mental healthcare and
classism and now all these people that
were whipped up into a frenzy look like
complete buffoons and I think that's
wonderful yeah well your politics start
to become confused here because yeah
they're saying it's going to embolden
angry white in cells which is usually I
think attributed to like your your
right-wing gun-toting nutjob because in
Cell I didn't know this for the longest
time involuntarily celibate yes that's
well they're very angry at women and
angry at the world for mistreating them
for the things they deserve right right
which has zero to do with this memo it's
more of a it leans the other way where
it's it's it's anti anti there's on
many signs people Holdings Thomas Wayne
is a fascist and so clearly those like
protests with the clown masks were very
similar to a lot of the protesting like
the remember one one percent it starts
well that's if we're gonna get a gives
high Wall Street yes if we're getting
under the movie culture culture protest
yeah yeah but the movie to me feels like
it's very sloppy when it comes to all
that stuff yeah this is big it's vague
it's confusing it feels like a like a
teenage anarchists that knows he's
supposed to be angry but doesn't really
understand the things he's supposed to
be angry about the movie reminded me a
lot like it's directed by Todd Phillips
who primarily has done comedy yes you
did all the hangover movies and my
reaction to this movie is very similar
to my reaction to those which is that
it's sloppy broad and lacking any ounce
of cleverness I kind of did a 180 on
this halfway through okay I'm gonna say
similar the final act of this movie I
lights yes but the rest of it felt like
babies first taxi driver well that's
that's the thing that's why I had that
switch is because I knew Todd Phillips
directed this and so we had seen all I
think we reviewed the third hangover
movie we did ii am with her he did way
back when and and everyone went nutso
for the hangover hangover to me is sort
of like as sort of like in funny in the
way like Dane Cook was funny to those
people that like that yeah where it's
sort of like hangover was okay we can't
find our friend after a wild party none
of us remember oh my god it's frat boy
humor there's a tiger oh my god crazy
this crazy thing happened now this crazy
thing happened and then so when you
start Joker it immediately starts with
him like putting on his makeup he works
as a clown temp agency I guess they'd
it's like the it's like this sort of
taxi driver but they're assigning you
know you take this route you take this
route but they're clowns hire hire clown
for the day I guess first gig is holding
a sign outside of a store that
everything's mather everything must go
since itself is thematic yes it's for
this for the movie if you didn't notice
that we noticed things like that because
we're film experts everything must go is
the theme of the film and that's exactly
what happens to the Joker it's true at
the end of the film
so teenage kids take a sign and then he
and then they hit him over the head with
it
so you're literally being hit over the
head with with like this obvious Ness
and then I'm so I'm the first half I'm
like yeah am I supposed to care I don't
care about this character like okay all
these and then it's like you know all
these bad things are happening to him
people treat that's like crap
we got until we go through the checklist
there's a wreckless just the the
psychopath checklist in these movies
lives with his mom Chuck fired from his
job jug but it's not just guy down on
his luck he has serious serious mental
problems and I think that's portrayed by
Joaquin Phoenix really well I think he's
great in the movie I think he elevates
the material because I think the script
is especially his character is very
underwritten it's it's he doesn't until
that final act boilers I guess yeah well
let's get into spoilers when you bring
me out can you introduce me as Joker
you
he when he starts really ranting because
he doesn't rant
he's very it's a very passive character
everything happens to him and until
there's a transformation and I think I
think it was really well handled like
his slow demise and then rise to the
Joker cuz I mean what this is is an
origin movie yeah that hasn't been that
deeply developed the Joker's always been
mysterious and in 89 Batman it was just
like he's like a common street thug then
he falls in a vat of acid and he's crazy
and then Heath Ledger's Joker was always
a mystery which is my opinion still the
best Joker sure yeah he told how did I
get these scars and he tells different
stories to different people yeah and
that moment when Heath Ledger lights
that giant pile of money on fire it's
just so great because it's like okay
yeah this guy's a true anarchist some
men just want to watch the world burn
yeah and what the Joker to me has always
been crazy but intelligently crazy
maniacal he's an anarchist but he's able
to rally people to his cause he's able
to help smart Batman he can't physically
fight Batman so he has to have that
level of intelligence in order to outwit
him and and then that was the first half
of this movie of me thinking like how
was this guy gonna do anything so match
for Batman he doesn't have all of his
marbles right um but then the movie and
then oh and then also his his love
interest I saw this coming a mile away
well I was I was stunned of the scores
spoilers I didn't see the twists coming
but I didn't like that they were doing
it because I was like okay there's this
woman who lives on his floor you know
and and I'm like why are you even
associating with this guy who's a creep
yeah they're immediately friendly she
starts going when his mom's in the
hospital she's there she like kisses him
on the head right I think she's had like
three lines of dialogue up until that
yeah there's one moment that kind of
gives it away when he kind of pushes
open her door and he starts passionately
kissing her and the door
closes and I'm like because he has
fantasy sequences in his head before
them yeah but see that's that's that was
disappointed me because if that if they
didn't establish earlier that he has
delusions and that was the first time we
realized that I think it would've been a
bigger revelation sure but it's like we
get the revelation oh she was in his
head all the time and I'm hanging out
was in his head all the time and it's
like yeah but we already know he's
delusional yeah it would have been it
had more impact we didn't already see
that the fact that those two were that
she was even giving him the time of day
yeah was was so unbelievable but I
thought it could happen in a dumb movie
like you know there would be on a date
and then they were gonna get mugged and
that killer was gonna kill her during
the and that was gonna make him even
more crazy I thought that was a
checklist where it's like checklist oh
you know oh he his therapist that he
goes to because he was in an insane
asylum
the therapist gets her the the public
funding cut so she can't he can't go see
the therapist anymore so all these like
hit you over the head like all these bad
things are happening to this character
and I thought that was going to be like
the turning point she turns on him and
then he flips out yeah or something she
gets killed sure whatever I think the
thing because clearly I don't want to
keep bringing up like taxi driver and
comparing this to taxi driver but it's
so clearly inspired by that yeah and
like to me because I didn't even think
of this as like a Joker movie for most
of it it feels like an existing script
that they've done kind of like reworked
to be a joker movie by adding in like
Thomas Wayne and stuff but the thing
that makes like Travis Bickle scary is
that he can function normally in society
he feels like a normal person he Woo's
civil Shepard and it's believable unlike
him getting along with the girl in this
movie yeah
but then like he tries to take civil
Shepard on a date and then he goes to a
porno movie and he doesn't understand
why she would be turned off by that or
why she would be upset by that you know
I didn't know
you feel that way about this movie I
don't know much about movies but if i
walking Phoenix's character is just sort
of like has mental problems from the
beginning so then there's really nowhere
for his character to go the rest of the
movie
wrong-o his character his character
transforms into the Joker at the end
because I don't mind that he has mental
issues his mental issues are crippling
to him and I think and that's where it
started to get interesting to me because
the most of the time I'm thinking okay
is he yeah he's a crazy guy he gets beat
up and he gets life's down on them
everything's bad up he tries to stand up
and he's terrible at it now he's gonna
now he's gonna put on this makeup and
just start shooting people and become
the Joker but then we get that wonderful
little story with I love this actress
she was she was the mom and Six Feet
Under
oh yes she was and lots of American
Horror Story yeah damn it I can't
remember names right she's great actress
and I was pleasantly surprised to see
her in this
she plays Arthur flex mother yeah mother
and then we get this she's writing
letters to Thomas Wayne you know on cuz
she used to work for him and then it
turns out like and he goes and he
investigates this and I'm like oh we're
getting some something more is happening
than just he's getting then they hang
over plot they gotta find their friend
they have to retrace all their steps to
find their friends and then that doesn't
lead anywhere and then they just say oh
I think he's on the roof and then that's
how the movie ends again otherwise a
lack of clever it is yes and but but
that's where the movie started to add
layers to it it took a long time to get
to oh yeah yeah no it was fine though um
because he was crazy and then I mean
real quick I mean without getting too
much into it his mother thinks that she
is also crazy as delusions um and and
imagine she adopted a son and worked for
the Wayne company Wayne Enterprises but
she thinks she had an affair with the
the elder Wayne what's his name Thomas
Thomas Wayne and and that he's a love
child from blah blah blah blah and then
it turns out that she it's almost like a
munchausen syndrome kind of situation I
think because she he's being medicated
and then he goes off his meds and that's
that to me was like kind of when he got
like set free yeah and he became like
the because I was like how is this guy
gonna be a criminal mastermind but maybe
he is underneath all that medication and
so there's a lot more though spent two
hours building no they don't mention any
because they mentioned he goes to his
psychiatrists and she says we're cutting
funding and like they're clearly
commenting on you know mental health
care yes and so I thought it was gonna
be an issue with like oh he can't afford
his medication now or something but
nothing happens with that and then just
when his to clown buddies visit is his
apartment PETA says oh I stopped taking
my medicine and it was just like that
well really a major plot point is when
he shoots the three the three guys on
the subway yeah one of which who looked
very suspiciously similar to one of the
Trump sons clearly commenting and you
know the wealth kill the kill the rich
well that's another thing that felt
muddled to me that wouldn't get into
that was a socialist slogan you know the
rich during the the Bolshevik Revolution
that was on a newspaper headline in this
movie - did it say something about it
was it was questioning whether that was
his motive yeah and that's the
comparison people are making is this
would be a rallying cry for the the
basement-dwelling
in cell which is not know because those
people are are go out and just shoot
people just to be awful when you think
about it the Joker only killed anybody
who like was awful and deserved it yeah
like he wasn't out just and and even
even while the cast was going out he's
like he's like I'm not political yeah he
says that when he's on the job I don't
have a motive I'm just crazy yeah and
yeah he kills the three like Wall Street
dudes on the subway because they're
being like awful
they're throwing french fries at a lady
and I think that's drunk or drugged and
then they start beating him up and
kicking them and
rightly he defends himself a little too
much a little extreme but but and then
he kills the guy who gave him the gun
his fellow clown ratted him out yeah he
let the low person go because he was
nice to him and then his mother I mean
she lied to him his whole life and I've
kept him medicated after that he's crazy
classic sort of antihero stuff but yeah
going back to the three people that he
kills on the train I thought this was
there was nothing before that scene to
indicate that there was already some
sort of revolution happening in Gotham
was there there was nothing about like
work because it starts it kind of feels
like yeah Occupy Wall Street but that's
after his shooting right it makes you
seem like that's the inciting incident
it is but that's such a bizarre stretch
to me that a clown killing three people
on a train that happened to be like rich
businessmen the idea that all of a
sudden that inspires all the the
underbelly of the city all the the 99
percenters to rise up it felt very
underdeveloped to me it's happened in
history where an incident sparks a
revolution I mean maybe if they'd built
up to it it sprinkle it in like grows
and grows it was like immediately they
cut to hundreds of people a lien they
did establish it by saying constantly
like the very first scene when he's
putting on the makeup it's the people on
the news are talking about how how
there's garbage everywhere oh yes like
what you see the scene like and you know
people garbage men are in a union
probably so there's a sort of city
funding issue and and he's like this
world he's saying to his therapist he's
like everything's fucking awful isn't it
she's like yeah yeah and so you could
feel in all the scenes scenes they're
all gross and ugly looking and there's
all these problems and and it's it's you
could feel that like that hatred of the
rich guy it's the complete inverse of
the Batman story oh that's another thing
I liked about it too is that once you
see like you know Thomas Wayne as as
like a villain to the to the the common
people yeah he's rich that all these
people are rich in their tuxedo
and so they hate the rich stuff and
they're the bad guys
and in in versus Batman is you know the
good people have got them I've got to
save them from those dirty criminals
right and and you're taking that exact
story and just polar inverting it yeah
and that's neat well now when you get to
the end and Batman's entire motivation
that we've been so familiar with we see
it from another perspective and that's
the stuff I like I've just it's a lot of
like the setups and the first like hour
and a half of the movie I had issues
with because I feel like yeah they
establish the garbage strike and the
cities you know all that I feel like
showing protesters earlier it just feels
bizarre to me that the Joker's shooting
three people on a train is what incites
because it's like I'm like right after
that we see all these protesters it's
it's like the super riots are after he
kills Robert DeNiro yeah
the there is there is some like like a
stretch to me as well oh well I mean it
was a little over the top but the you
know are you going to the protest you
know you're writing that clown mask it
seemed like a thing that was happening
but people weren't too concerned about
him I'm okay with that I'm okay with
that you can't like build everything up
perfectly I mean you can plenty of
movies I have I'm just saying that the
storytelling this was sloppy
is the joke to you
once it got low once he became the Joker
though that entire third acts him on the
show on De Niro's Tokio I loved all that
there's some slightly unintentional
comedy when he's ranting and you see the
little like dr. Ruth type oh yeah
character Jesus like that's sit next to
about the couch that the Joker to me and
this was scary when he becomes a joke he
becomes Lynette that entire last scene
where he's on the talk show was like
genuinely tense
uh-huh I thought it built up to it just
fine I was disappointed with the like
the obvious setups and I thought that's
what it was going to be yeah but once
they involved the backstory of Arthur
Fleck his relationship with his mother
the the family secrets all that kind of
stuff like gave it some some thickness
that I didn't expect I thought it was
just going to be guy who's who's insane
has life you know shit on him and so he
decides to go revenge and shoot people
and become Joker I really expected that
so that I think that's why I was
pleasantly surprised because I was
expected The Hangover of Joker origins
there's a pull quote for the poster yes
The Hangover of Joker movies I expected
that I know I know
and it didn't it didn't quite give us
that and as far as an origin story good
I have no idea this is based on anything
real but the his whole like
uncontrollable laughing oh yeah I liked
that and I liked the scene did you
notice the name of the comedy club
that's another obvious get John Wayne
Gacy call the comedy club pogos but then
I think it's all just one shot where it
starts on the other end of the room and
it slowly goes towards him and it's like
he doesn't know when you're supposed to
laugh yes and a con at a joke right he's
just like randomly starts laughing and
like I'd loved that moment yeah yeah and
he's writing down like like what a crazy
person would do yeah you see his notes
and there it's like the ramblings of a
lunatic yeah he's like make make funny
about sexual stuff people laugh at that
yeah like he doesn't get humor he worked
as the clown he fantasized about the the
Robert De Niro talk show yeah and then
it led to father issues and him
performing in front of people the kid
and and then that's sort of like at the
end when the the mob pulls him out of
the cop car saves him because he's like
a superhero to them he's made it
it is his chosen line of work he killed
a symbol yeah one percent the the the
famous talk-show host
played well by Robert De Niro sure is
always nice when he shows up in a movie
and tries
still happens sometimes but then they
make him you know he stands up on top of
the cop car or whatever and he starts
dancing he's enjoying the spotlight yes
that's kind of like what he wanted and
that I think that was played a part with
the stand-up comedian he wanted
attention he wanted to be an entertainer
and it was just all buried beneath
layers and layers of crazy which was all
like set free at the end yeah I will say
even though I had issues with this movie
yeah like the third act a lot
thought the first part was kind of
muddled messy but I applauds Warner
Brothers we've had issues with recently
but I applaud them for making a movie
that there's like a big wide release
movie that is a stripped down character
driven story
mm-hm even if it didn't completely work
for me more movies like this please did
you mean specifically in the comic book
realm or just in general we don't get
movies like this like I would have liked
this movie more if it wasn't connected
to Batman if it wasn't a Joker movie I
think I think in my opinion the the
Kevin Feige marvel universe in under
Disney that that's its own thing I think
this artsy DC it should be the reboot of
the entire DC Universe start from
scratch right here well we do have to
point out that this is because we've
complained so much about the Zack Snyder
attempted super realistic Superman and
this is not bad at all
though those movies suck because they're
so tone-deaf and because they try to
still have the big
over the top like headache-inducing
action and this movie is closer in line
so like the Christopher Nolan stuff a
little bit it's not nearly as good but
it's definitely a lot like grimy ER
which is interesting and I want to say
this is like lower budget than a lot of
these movies which makes sense because
there's not a lot of effects but if if
Werner Brothers continued to go this
route like almost like the Blum House
model let me keep the budget slow give
it to real filmmakers although I feel
weird calling Todd Phillips a real
filmmaker but yeah I'm doing a good job
he had a vision he had a vision for this
movie so if they continue with that I
mean you know it's it's good for an
audience because you're seeing smaller
scale movies it's good for them because
they cost less so they can make more but
I think this is a this is a one and done
situation because how do you do this
with Superman well that's the thing the
minute you have a Batman show up it'll
look ridiculous as the Christopher Nolan
movies always had that problem they
always bordered on ridiculous any time
Batman started talking but seeing just
the Joker's story alone and the origin
of how he became a crazy mastermind
anarchist weirdo worked pretty much for
me I mean a couple more at some more
complexity to the story maybe would have
helped made me remove some of the
earlier like obvious things but those
obvious things like that was a big
hurdle for me to get over was the check
mark stuff won't you jump over that
hurdle once once they were like that
annoyed me when they revealed that the
girlfriend was a Wendy when he's in her
apartment and she's like who are you get
out you're that guy dumped from down the
hall and I was like oh yeah yeah yeah
and but then they show flashbacks and
that's like oh yeah works in Fight Club
doesn't work so well because it feels
like it's again obvious it's hitting you
over there right I was like oh I got it
from when she said aren't you Arthur
from down the hall yeah and I was like
oh my gosh she was never there yeah we
didn't need all those flashbacks that
showed that she was never there
but the movie itself was pretty solid
I was unexpectedly surprised that I
started to enjoy it halfway through and
and like you said it's a it's a
different thing it's a it's a comic book
movie mixed with a little character
study and you don't see much of that
these days you're not gonna get your Man
of Steel action you're gonna get very
very very long as is Joaquin Phoenix in
every frame of the movie just about a
wonderful role for him acting his act as
a little heart out yeah it goes right
along with his filmography of other
movies that are just close-ups of
Joaquin Phoenix's face so this movie is
it's such a heartwarming I cried three
times during the course of it I don't
believe you've ever cried in your life
