Dec 23, 2019
The 70-Minute Rise of Skywalker Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pAsss_nTlk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1209091189225480193
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156960964612634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-70-minute-rise-of-skywalker-review
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedLetterMedia/comments/eek4nq/half_in_the_bag_the_70minute_rise_of_skywalker/

half in the bag
i just don't know if anything could top this one
hello and welcome to a very special edition of
half in the bag is it what is it special
it's special it really isn't any more
though oh you're talking about Star Wars
yeah well let's go around and say our
first initial thoughts of the movie
while we show you some clips of the
trailer okay
epic all of it the rise of Skywalker is
a terrific finale that has just stuffed
with so much of everything action
adventure answers humor heart love and
grit I spent the entire second half with
tears in my eyes a wonderful way to end
the skywalker story I'm emotional
overwhelmed surprised shocked and
stunned more than anything I'm happy
thanks for coming through one more time
Star Wars oh my god
I am absolutely blown away I have never
been so satisfied by a film this is the
end of an era and a franchise that has
defined my life and this did it justice
in a way I didn't imagine it could you
will cry well of course those were
tweets initial tweets not not our tweets
not our kids we didn't say any of those
things but people did say that after the
premiere of the glitz and glamour of the
premiere you're all revved up with
excitement the stars are there the and
you want to get invited to future
premieres and that's the most important
thing J although although I will
acknowledge it's possible that is the
actual thoughts of those people
anything's possible anything's possible
you know if you grow up with like vines
like like five second videos this is
this is like a lot of vines just strung
together it's a good way to describe it
lots going on lots to talk about I I
think this is six decent movies that are
just condensed into
one rushed kind of sloppy mess where
does the decent part come in then I
think I think if you actually took your
time and let all of this shit they just
keep throwing at you like let's some of
these plot elements breathe a bit
there's a scene where they introduce a
old flame of pose and she's introduced
in one scene and then her character bit
is resolved in the very next scene and
then she vanishes from the movie that's
kind of the whole movie yeah it's it's
like it's like it's the movie is like an
outline for like three seasons of a TV
show the people that are raving about
this movie and I didn't hate it there
are some good parts it's very
complicated and it's hard to break down
because so much is thrown at you if
you're easily manipulated so much
happens that you your brain can't keep
up so much happens so quickly that you
don't have time to think about it before
it's moved on to like six other things
you went to the bathroom at one point
you were gone for one minute and you
missed like 15 different plot points
Chewbacca was kidnapped blown up and
then he was alive again and I saw him
get blowed up I knew he was gonna be
alive because you see him in Lando
flying the Falcon and the trailer but
listen can I talk about the elf in the
room what does the elephant the room is
it the last Jedi but none of this
matters that this is not my fault no
ever any any amount of hate that Star
Wars has ever gotten in the last 10
years is all specifically your fault
like well okay mr. plinkus
had said JJ Abrams would be great at
directing Star Wars films way back in
the day do you remember this I guess
you're seeing my opinion where the
prequels utterly failed Star Trek
excelled Star Trek is really engaging
it's fun adventurous fast-pace heroes
are heroes and villains are villains and
at the very least you know what's
happening it's everything we did not get
in the prequels at no point where we
completely bored and confused
I can do this I could do that
thanks the con black hos expanding we
won't reach minimum safe distance if we
don't leave immediately
your highness with your permission we're
heading for a remote planet called
Tatooine it's in the system far beyond
the reach of the trophy
in fact JJ Abrams should have directed
the prequels and George Lucas should
have directed people to their seats in
the theater this was before the sequels
this was before Disney acquired star
wars space action and emotions and JJ
Abrams is good at both he is not good at
writing the stories that he directs that
is absolutely true so I wanted to
clarify all that that the the force
awakens written by Lawrence Kasdan who
wrote Empire and then I think you were
Jedi I am no one talks about that though
they just talk about Empire because
that's the great one
Lawrence Castle wrote any of their will
here write a new-style what do you want
me to do the boat oh okay you know and
then he wrote that's right the same
story again I get paid to write the same
script again
okay so then learns Kasdan's out and
then ryan johnson takes over and we all
know what happened there but really a
jig let's let's be specific nothing
happened there right the the last Jedi
it was a big waste of time
and so it's it feels like the rise of
Skywalker is making up for that it's
trying to do things that the middle
movie should have done its sprinting to
the finish line let's just get this
fucking over with it's the end of school
and that's that's a big problem well
it's interesting because like the last
Jedi is like oh everything that was set
up in the force awakens none of it
matters
fuck it and then this movie is like oh
everything that happened in the last
Jedi none of it matters fuck it
it's like okay this is like in years to come
this will be taught as an example of how
not to plan a franchise it will be
directly contrasted with Marvel yes to
JJ Abrams spin straw into bronze I think
that's a good way to describe this
because he was given a big pile of straw
with uh with those camel things piss all
over it right yeah the things that ran
through they could say you know he's in
a big pile of that straw and I think he
spun it into bronze maybe yeah maybe uh
what's a lesser metal than bronze
because I don't want to give them that
much credit but it's it's it's a
situation where like aluminum okay it's
not you know it's not very fancy but
it's very practical it useful yes it
serves its purpose and it could be
recycled no because I mean there's so
much to talk about and we're gonna get
some ass I just wanted to wrap up my
this is not my fault
thing because people have good first of
all the idea that mr. plinkus saying JJ
Abrams would make a great director for
Star Wars movies had absolutely no
impact on JJ Abrams being direct to
direct the force awakens okay zero you
don't you don't know that I guess I
don't but I never said he should write
it with the guy who wrote Batman vs
Superman but couldn't they have grabbed
literally anyone JJ Abrams has that that
that sense of action and excitement and
drama and stuff but you just need a
really good story to go with that and of
course they looked at this movie how
everyone in the world was going to be
looking
at it it's like politics like split
right down the middle
some people have people like last Jedi
have people didn't and there are only so
many things you could do and like you
said they just started throwing
everything in there to try and make it
work for everybody in the end it becomes
a giant mess they had nothing and so
they had to establish everything and
then haven't paid off rather than rather
than this series naturally leading up to
something and and it was somebody's
brilliant idea they say oh by the way
spoilers from here on out spoilers
nobody's watching this unless they've
seen the movie so it doesn't matter is
Reyes Skywalker is she a nobody
she's both how about she's a Palpatine
someone said oh who has force powers the
Skywalker's have four force powers who
else she's a Windu well well I guess
that wouldn't work she's she's a coyote
Mundi
she's coyote moon Dee's daughter I mean
just got a little bit of a forehead
right you're making a sequel series of
movies based on Star Wars what do you do
you need to have a Jedi character right
you need to have a young person who
picks up a sword we've gone through all
this you're treading water
why wasn't like like Star Wars rate was
about betweens granddaughter right
wouldn't that means the Palpatine had
sex with a lady 
that means Palptaine--
with his fucked up face right
it wouldn't be pre-fucked up face
anyways my point is Palpatine's direct
daughter who got killed remember her and
the husband were like stolen and they
were stabbed why wasn't she
poised to be Empress Palpatine because I
know why the plan look it's Lando we've
moved on like like Chewbacca is getting
the medal shut up and watch if we move
fast enough nobody will notice I mean
this is like because I think we talked
about that with into darkness that was
like the extreme example of this
move in this is this is like into
darkness times 100 in terms of just
don't pay attention we're just gonna
keep moving is she's a nobody nobody
like that
she's a Skywalker and too predictable I
guess she could be a Kenobi but he was
technically supposed to be celibate that
would have been a better tie in is
because they're making the Ewan McGregor
will be one Kenobi show obi-wan Kenobi
in between
remember he left to be a hermit yeah we
thought it was gonna stay there for
sixty years until he became Alec
Guinness but I guess he went off he's
gonna go off on a whole bunch of
adventures and maybe obi-wan Kenobi
loses his faith a little in the force
and then Jediism and has a wife don't
you hear his voice and the force awakens
briefly so maybe that was the plan isn't
isn't that less interesting though than
if her bloodline is evil
even though they already did that with
Luke Skywalker is she going to turn to
the dark side or not that's the movie
yeah I think the idea to bring Palpatine
back probably came first before the idea
to have Rey be related to him because
it's like oh we don't have Snoke we
don't have a villain for this this
trilogy bring back Palpatine it's all we
got he's got he's got a jar full of
smokes
that was my first laughs and that was
the best thing although all these
floating's the snoke's
in a gigantic tank yeah he literally
made snow
it's so but it's dumb in that like whoa
what do we do how do we tie any of this
shit together or make any sense of it
they killed Snoke kylo Ren was a dipshit
you either bring in a new unseen Sith
Lord for your final act or you just bite
the bullet and you bring back Palpatine
and as dumb as it is it was the smart
choice was it looks smart choice would
have been not to make the movies no this
one everyone out would have been to plan
it out extensively yes Jenny look I am
thankful that Palpatine is back because
I love Pepe and he gets pretty hammy
towards the end more than I was
expecting him to but but less than I
wanted him to though that's true it's
kind of right in between come on we also
need to address the fact that Palpatine
and Jedi was just a mere clone he was
yes he died oh but this movie he's back
know till he say he's alone yes miss
movie
he says he's died many times yes I think
real Palpatine lives on this spooky
lightning planet in the thing and he's
been he's like The Wizard of Oz he's
been pulling the strings
many Palpatine's have existed that have
died see this is a word I have a
different interpretation I think the
real Palpatine is the conglomeration of
thousands of all of the dead since
that's the consciousness that keeps
going on in to the new body so why is he
still in Palpatine's body and this
because he survived the death star crash
point a is that's why we thought
Palpatine was living in the ruins of the
Death Star with an e wasn't there he
wasn't there no it was not a completely
different planet that was inaccessible
because it had that that red electric
like gas cloud with, you know, you have--
but he's all fucked up though
that was either pure white his
fingers are like burnt and missing he
has tubes in him that pout the Palpatine
with the white eyes that we see in this
movie is super super super ancient
being kept alive by tubes and chemicals
that's why he's connected to that giant
thing the same body that you find to
distil it the the Palpatine on the Death
Star was a clone of him because the
Palpatine on the Death Star just
vaporized why we why would the new
Palpatine clone have burnt fingers
because he and looked just like a so
real person because before he turned
into Palpatine he was just Chancellor
Palpatine you know Chancellor Palpatine
must have been a clone of him all along
yeah because they never called him
Sidious
they called him Palpatine yeah so
Palpatine is is the source of everything
evil the source of all sits well this is
all horribly horsing he looked he
probably what in his younger days a
thousand two thousand years ago he
probably looked like Chancellor
Palpatine okay so he cloned himself
created a guy named Palpatine Chancellor
Palpatine who then became Darth Sidious
oh okay so you're saying the person we
saw at the end of this movie we
technically have never seen before right
let's that woods bees dammit snark yeah
why why there were no other Palpatine's
I have no idea look it's Maz Kanata
because that that's their excuse for
saying Palpatine died it would have been
better if well you know you show
Palpatine falling down and that the big
blue energy blast comes up and he's just
like falling down he it's like a force
bubble around him ah and he lands in
some corridor and oh I've got to get out
of here and he runs into a ship that
would have been more more appropriate or
better you know what I mean what I think
he just survives the explosion and he's
floating around for a bit before his
henchmen pick him up Leia survived space
yeah I mean like when we see the Death
Star number to explode like it is
completely obliterated
yeah like to the and then there is so
much wreckage down there it's completely
obliterated yet you've still got like
the fucking whole event on that planet I
know it was fucking atoms right
at some point I'm willing to
look the other way well are you sure
sure but but it's fine that that was a
good reason to have him still be alive I
mean he's powerfully strong you know
either way it negates Vader's sacrifice
of throwing him down the pit so but who
cares anymore
I mean I don't know let me ask you yeah
a shocking question did which one do you
like better the last Jedi are this oh
this that's a tough question I don't
know if I can answer it especially after
we just saw this one and take some time
so the last Jedi for all of its problems
at least it felt like it was trying to
have themes you know about like real
Luke versus everybody's sort of mythical
idea of who Luke is and this is just
like a bunch of garbage this is just
like a bunch of nonsense like what can
we do to salvage this and like
overcompensating by having too much in
it so I don't think either of them are
particularly good but I think last Jedi
is probably more interesting for the
record I'm I'm not particularly in love
with any of these well that's yeah
that's a yeah we've known that for a
while I would I would probably lean
towards last Jedi at this point but I
understand the position that a abrams
and company were put in to try and
satisfy the fan base satisfy those who
didn't like last Jedi who satisfy those
who did make their money yeah the
problem is you don't have like we're
saying you don't have an overall plan so
you don't have an overall like core or
like central kind of conflict for these
characters they're just winging it right
and so like I didn't feel anything right
like Rey during this I know a lot of
people don't like ray anyway but you
know well you're definitely not gonna
like this if you don't like ray if
you're one of those diehard like I hate
ray because she's a MarySue here she's
like healing wounds she's like Jesus
yeah like they doubled out like they're
trolling the people that don't like gray
with this one was that the was that the
thing that JJ Abrams was referring to
I'm introducing a new force power that's
probably there's some fans off she'd
uses more force powers in this than in
the entire original trilogy combined
she's like doing everything weather what
is she training for so hard and why is
Leia training her cuz we got some
leftover footage because they Luke
because they killed Luke yeah everyone
wants that training sequence
it even look like Dagobah but like yeah
ray ray healing people like it's like
all right but then you're gonna get
super nerds and what an obi-wan that's
that's a few quote introduced that I
know they did a little baby Yoda does ID
on the Mandalorian in one scene so
they're they're connecting it with that
but yeah introducing that opens a whole
can of worms about why haven't the Jedi
done this before and all this stuff why
haven't the Jedi ever run really fast
before like they did in the beginning of
the Phantom it exactly there's things
like that or Luke jumping really high
and Empire they jump high on this they
do they do yeah I think that's the
overall problem though is like the Jedi
can can do anything but rarely do why
don't they do the mind trick more yeah
why do they ever even bother with the
laser sword why don't they just always
pick everybody up and just slam them
into the ground with their mind exactly
that's kind of the problem with the Jedi
in general well cuz all that all that
stuff was never the heart of it no it
was it was all background to the
characters and the character drama and
this new series doesn't have that I mean
there's there's some drama between kylo
Ren and and Rey and I think that was the
best part of the movie me Adam driver is
because I actually Harry to this
franchise Adam driver is a great actor I
just got done watching marriage story
he's great Matt he's so good you know
it's amazing about marriage story it
stars Adam driver and Scarlett Johansson
both actors and gigantic blockbuster
franchises and here they're doing this
with a nice small little movie home
movie is them just talking in rooms I
thought we should talk okay
I don't know how to start it's just them
just smearing the screen with their
acting chops and it's great especially
Scarlett Johansson oh yeah oh many like
extremely long like monologues yeah
let's see where she's talking to Laura
Dern there's an hour view of marriage
story by the way
yeah and Laura Dern to it who they
mention in this and they're like why
don't we do that maneuver that hold oh
did and they're like ignore that it's
too risky
it's a one-in-a-million shot we can't do
it again because the movie has to happen
I don't know and it was like it's like
an 80 yard line it's like they thought
of it later
yeah it'll never work
yeah why not and then the movie keeps
going yeah but I know my marriage story
it's great yeah yeah Adam driver is so
good and I can see people complaining
this about the scene where he's talking
to Harrison Ford because it's like
what's Harrison Ford is he's not a force
ghost is did he make taking it way too
literal great singing - it was a good
scene even though Harrison Ford looked
like he just rolled out of bed he
refused to get his hair cut I ain't
cutting my hair I'll do the fucking
scene and I'm cutting my hair hair is
like really long and you look like a bum
looks money we shave no I'll do the
fucking scene they had to call in some
major favors to get him on set but you
know Harrison Ford sold it and I Adam
driver and he's yeah he's the closest
the series has to any sort of like real
character drama Haman Haman Regan and
flat and flipped sides you know Ray Ray
became that I'm the bad guy and he's I'm
the good guy she does the thing which
like see little moments like that or
what stand out what does it stand out
it's surrounded by bombardment yes of
nonsensical action yeah and keeping the
plot moving and then there's like 16 set
pieces well yes and and all the stupid
little things that that that they're I
mean they're not stupid but they're
little things that are just they you
could tell they went back and and and oh
how does ray heal him well that's gonna
be weird let's have a scene where a
giant snake inconsequential monster that
she
Sheils okay and then um Keri Russell you
know oh by the way I have this magical
coin that will give you access to
anything in the first order she just has
it
Oh take it yeah oh whoa that's gonna
come up later and that's like would that
okay well how do we get him on the ship
well how about we go back 15 scenes to
when Cary Russell's talking to Oscar
Oscar Isaac getting--getting she just
gives it to him gives them this thing
ehh fuck it it's like going back and
they're just like throwing shit here and
there and let's it happened so fast
Keri Russell always thought where's her
eyes were you actually allowed to like
make the pew pew sounds when you were
firing laster's I've actually been told
in movies we can see your mouth making
it was it was she even in the film you
know why she was in the film because she
was on a show with JJ Abrams comedy
years ago felicity and JJ Abrams says
hey why don't you be the stupid part in
this movie you're known actress you'll
work for four days yeah and I'll write
in your contract that you get 0.5% of
the back end and you're gonna make seven
to nine million dollars by being a main
character in this film and doing nothing
yeah what's the same with blank my
friend Keri Russell you're playing Zuri
bliss like an utterly pointless
character well it's the same with
Dominic Moynihan who shows he is like
one line in this movie he was I'm lost
when JJ Abrams produced I mean it a
little bit blink and you'll miss me is
the name of my character I'm very
excited he's in the Lord of the Rings
movies what are the main characters and
here he's like autofocus in the
background the little planet that they
go to or she was introduced I kind of
like that the way they're like sneaking
around with it like it looks like a
little like village during world war two
spend some time here let it play out
remember scenes like and so everything
just goes so quick even the things I
liked are gone in a flash
but now star destroyers have death stars
oh so wait
since roughly the return of the Jedi era
because those those are the the age of
those starter stories he was conjuring
them at said he's been he's been working
on this on that Sethe planet for thirty
years at least yes so and then all the
people that live I guess there weren't
read there were red stormtroopers but it
they didn't have Sith powers they were
just even though they're called sit
through plural sifts it was not part of
the first order yeah or even I guess
even the Empire but they were just but
but didn't they look like first order
stormtrooper yes wouldn't they look like
classic don't think about it if the
spicy for five seconds it doesn't matter
we got to move on the Star Destroyers
look like classic starters we now ray
has to go to this planet I'll get the
same here's a here's a magical space
coin that will grant you access to the
the Supreme Leader's Star Destroyer but
look at his horses so weighs almost an
entire more than a generation of human
beings lived and worked aboard Star
Destroyers basically hovering in
formation no cuz they came up from the
ground at the start of the movie so they
were unreal underground
did he conjure those people with SIF
powers or Sith magic or were they just
living and working on Star Destroyer I'm
going to assume they were living and
working on Star Destroyers he just had
his loyalist faction on that planet
hidden away and no one else knew about
it that's what I'm assuming but I could
easily be wrong because it's not
explained because we got to get through
it we got to get through it we're all
the people in the hoods in the in the
giant arena at the end were those people
I thought they were the embodiments of
the thousands of deficits that had come
before that was by all I interpret my
interpretation but I don't fucking know
yeah I thought they were all like an
illusion well it's the same thing some
character at some point said Palpatine
was conjuring Star Destroyers meaning
they weren't being built in a giant space factory, or--
she's willing them into existence
yes slowly with 5th power that's stupid
but we are talking about Star Wars
because really because I think that was
their their cut around of people asking
illogical questions like who built the
Star Destroyers in Star Wars you have
the magic of the Jedi which is ver in
real Star Wars right the original yeah
you have the magic of the Jedi that are
that so he's like kind of like Loki very
subtle and then you had the nuts and
bolts kind of real world stuff that the
x-wings and the Star Destroyers that
would break down droids things like that
and in this they've they've merged them
because who you know you sit there and
you ask who built these are actual
machines they're actual spaceships like
who built them there's there's there's
10,000 of them who is building them and
how does this go unnoticed it's Star
Wars and none of that is important and
that's kind of why I hate Star well yes
I mean this is like the nail in the
coffin as far as you know with the
exception of you know Mandalorian that's
a whole other discussion Mandalorian a
lovely departure from Star Wars a great
show it's not nonstop noise it's not
perfect but it's great in comparison to
this like this is like a shit show the
more you think about it and I think like
you know those tweets that we read at
the beginning of this are people coming
out of it overwhelmed by stimulation
stimulation that you're there the
premiere and everyone's excited and oh
my god seems you know seeing things yeah
and a lot of what a lot of reviews were
saying like fanservice and this wasn't
very fanservice e to me I mean it's it's
building on things
it's reintroducing things from the other
movies like Lando shows up he's gonna be
useless yeah I was really distracted
during the big end battle not just from
the fact that things are flying in every
direction and there was no sense of
geography but like everyone's taken it
so seriously and then they cuts a scene
Isle Lando and he's just like laughing
because he doesn't know where he is
I was I've always been amazed by the the
mobility but Billy Dee Williams I was
like oh that's Lando when he had the
mascot you know oh sure
Lando surprise surprise its Lando and he
was walking surprised by my window and
the guys cuz I think Billy Dee Williams
he has a cane he can barely walk so it's
like he's like hey guys come out run get
on get on this thing under there and
then he and you know he's got a little
bar stool under him and he's like oh
that's Lando but the worst in terms of
fanservice
as far as like something that took me
right out of the movie was at the end
when Maz Kanata
gives Chewbacca his the medal after 40
years yeah
this is for you
why why does she have it why would she
give it to him at this moment it's for
the audience's sake it got lost in the
mail she found it in the same spot she
found Luke's lightsaber oh yeah but
that's a story for another time
that we never got to it nope yeah yeah
mouth cannot I have Luke Skywalker's
lightsaber janitor found it it's fine
the story for another timere trying to introduce a bunch of
it was in her
mystery box oh man how was that as a
fuck you too Rian Johnson when Luke
Skywalker shows up in this and she ray
tries to throw a lightsaber away and he
catches it he's like this is the most
fucking important thing ever and he
looked right at the camera and flipped
off Rian Johnson watching the whole
thing together I free yeah and I freaked
out cuz I'm like this doesn't track you
can't you can't you can't follow what's
happening you can't follow what the big
stakes are I got really scared
well locate a change of heart since he
died right he became one with the force
and now he's a little more he's a little
more chill he's less like bitter and and
cynical as he was in Jedi I you always
said last rally the Luke Skywalker a
storyline that he's he's you know it's
the most interesting idea that movie has
and everybody hates it
they ruin Luke Skywalker I still think
he could have made a good arc out of it
you still could have gotten to a point
where he's accepted force again but it's
a character arc and you get to that
point in like the third movie yeah just
the fact that he acknowledges something
that was unintentionally made clear in
the prequels which is that the Jedi are
kind of awful like the fact that he
mentions that in the last Jedi is like
okay that's interesting but now it
doesn't matter here ray have your
lightsaber again they just left him in a
really poor position
yeah I think a lot of a lot of little
slights that Rian Johnson in this
there's an oak in a tank for sure was
gone the lightsaber bit well well Brian
Johnson didn't create Snoke though just
killed him right that's cuz yeah because
nothing matters there was yeah the the
driving force of that movie yeah Rey's
parents are nobody did Snoke doesn't
matter all these things that were set up
in the last movie don't matter so yeah
then what do you do after that he was
trying so hard you you scramble and you
make a movie that feels rushed because
you're trying to introduce a bunch of
shit yeah and have it pay off it's in
its overcompensating too because all you
got to do is if that's your plan is to
like okay let's fix all these things
that everybody hated about the last Jedi
you could do that without shoving
fifteen other story ideas into it well
yeah yeah the the the idea that Rey okay
ray is Palpatine's granddaughter right
the whole time she thought I know maybe
they should thrown some clues like no
maybe here a part of a Skywalker family
you know well if somebody smart were in
charge from the beginning and planned
this out maybe you could have no no I'm
saying I'm saying from last Jedi okay
you're starting with this movie yeah
yeah you could do that you could you
could play with that Rey backstory a
little mold it change it a little
differently but what Jay is saying and
what I agree with is
the entire cast other than Rey Palpatine
kylo Ren and maybe Leia to a certain
extent are all completely useless Finn
and Poe and rose and c-3po and Chewbacca
yes
land everyone's useless they're given
the bulk of the story which is to also
try to track down some guy who was sent
to kill Rey's parents because he might
have the wayfinder which could lead that
yeah we are searching for to get to the
thing that they gotta go get a thing to f--, that'll tell us how to find a thing
that'll take us to another thing and and
Palpatine didn't need ten thousand
starships to blow up every planet and
like all that shit was in there
something that could have a space battle
another you could have you had two and a
half hours to to flesh out this
convoluted because there's that little
scene where ran ran kylo we're talking
and he's like dude before about your
parents oh yeah we've seen what their
kind of force yeah talking again she
sees the Vader helmet and stuff like
that that was good you know like Star
Destroyer confrontation yes yeah have a
handful of scenes like that and one or
two little action scenes that are you
know remember when they went to the
Burning Man festival I mean what was
that
that was where they had to go to get the
thing that would tell them where the
other thing was yeah and there's so many
like we got to get the thing to get the
thing to get a thing and it's and all of
that just just confused the whole
storyline and and the whole emotional
stuff cut the kylo killing Oh Han Solo
his relationship with Leia his he's
still wavering between if he's good or
bad Rey is also kind of not sure who she
is
whether or not she she's failing at her
Jedi training remember she couldn't hit
the ball mm-hmm and then she had to hit
the ball with her spear I was thought
the the the end of that spear looked
like a lightsaber turns out it was
that's great you know I'm talking about
Oh said she pulled her lightsaber out of
it yeah I didn't notice that I've always
thought I didn't notice that lightsaber
on the tip of that spear he really does
the whole ending of this movie like I
had no sense of where anyone was
everyone's just flying and there's 5,000
Star Destroyers and then we cut the
Pentagon is like 1 for some reason yeah
that's the other thing too and that's
another like just 80 yard line they blow
up that one and then there's like some
line of dialogue about how like everyone
in the entire galaxy is now take is now
destroying all the other Star Destroyers
for some reason and I don't understand
this at all none of the Star Destroyers
could leave the SIF planet you know
here's luck unless they had the
navigational beacon from the other Star
Destroyer yeah they can't just say
pointer just their ship at a star and
just go that way they're just stuck
there I don't know why there were all
interlinked
because it was hard Poe had a line about
it of course he did one line right and
it was they can't all leave the planet
because the navigation is too hard just
just turn your back to the planet and
start going in a direction although all
their ships came to the planet and left
at the end without any problem who are
we talking about now all the giant fleet
of all the ships from all over the
universe oh yeah at the end but they all
fought in the battle in the planet but
then they also just left yeah at the end
so they didn't need a navigational
beacon I remember they they were going
to blow up that navigational beacon and
then the bad guy
general pride was on to him and so they
switched it to the main control main
ship yeah and then they just shot a gun
at the main ship and blew it off
couldn't couldn't with once they know
they're gonna get blown up can't they
just switch it to a different ship can't
they switch it to like eight different
ships oh oh switch it to each individual
ship there you go we haven't gotten all
the navigational beacons in stock yet
they're on order is it will burn into
existence yet he's still working on that
why did you wait why don't you do that
first Palpatine it takes him like like a
year of dedicated concentration with SIF
magic to will a started o pal P can we
just talk about Palpatine the part that
made me laugh the hardest was when he
just shot his force lightening up into
space and it flew everywhere it's such a
shame too because there's like a couple
moments early on in this movie where the
two of them are interacting and I was
like these guys are great together and
then like em drivers great likes Richard
II Gramps who was general pride or
whatever pride he's a great actor it's
all just in service of nothing we don't
know much about general pride just mean
and evil in Kaunas never smile once like
all these good actors that's why they go
off and do movies like marriage story
that's true in between doing big Disney
films Adam driver the Star Wars pays for
his mansion you know a marriage story
pays for his coffee did anyone notice
cuz I generally like Daisy Ridley in
these movies but in this one she seemed
checked out there's a part when she's on
the ruins of the star she's been getting
hate for how long has it been now that's
true yeah her characters of Mary Sue so
I hate her as a human being but there's
a part when she's on the the ruins of
the Death Star and there's that moment
where she's fighting the dark version of
herself you know and the dark version
has the double-sided lightsaber or
whatever she looks like she's laughing
she looks like she's holding back
laughing when she pulls out that the red
lightsaber like she doesn't care
anything I think I think they said have
a devilish green but that didn't come
across I came off as her thinking this
whole thing was a farce okay that's true
but um no yeah she I mean I think at the
very first movie you know she's a
relatively unknown actress in the first
movie so she was given a tour darndest
yeah you're probably right
she's done she's over this shit well
that was something too that came out
recently right like in interviews where
all these main actors were saying like
they're done with Star Wars after those
Finn was like I don't want to be Disney
Plus or something like that what would
it take to get you to come back to do
thin again in whoa I mean I don't know
if then
you ain't gonna Disney Plus me I again
no Disney Play
how did ray know where that little
farmhouse was she's just there if you
found it on Google map I'm Tanisha
don't think about it it's emotional it's
emotional change the force the force
force force force emotions force
emotions
remember land land luke's ghost were
hanging out there so they've guided her
oh okay that's fair and why was that
random old lady just in the middle of
fucking nowhere that she could say the
line mime ray Skywalker
she just I'm just a Skywalker now I've
just decided it she they had they made
her old because she's wandering around
the desert she goes that's her path to
go shopping and come back to her house
she goes past the old the old Skywalker
or the I'm sorry Lara's home stud many
times many times I'm shocked that wasn't
a call bag to somebody there's very few
characters it could be what Swatow
super elderly water I could have been
that that's super old lady who said my
bones are aching Annie there's a story
of my comin to remember her you know I
don't remember
I suppose Reiki does oh she says she
warns them on the dust storm that's
coming okay storms coming up on me you
better get home quick so raise a
Skywalker because she just decided to be
I know what they're doing but it's just
like she chose she chose the lightness
over the door yeah the Skywalker's are
always grace it got very Jedi at the end
you know join me
oh where it's like anti-climactic and
not very good no Return of the Jedi
they just blatantly redid the throne
room so yeah I'm attorney the judge he
opens up the ceiling so that she could
see the space man oh yeah yeah I'm going
to die and you know and just with lots
more strobe lights yes yes and join me
those are the more interesting stuff in
the movie everything every other
character did was boring remember the
magic space dagger Oh disappeared
oh yeah no well that guided them to the
wreckage of the Death Star and then I
guess it's not important after that
right no remember she held the dagger up
and the little thing came out yeah and
she held it up and it made the shape of
it it was like The Goonies I guess it
just wasn't important after that yeah it
was to help her find where the wayfinder
is that the little Borg cube Borg thing
it looked like a board nodule thing
that are in the Borg ships
why was it a dagger
I was waiting for what I have to
stab Palpatine when that was probably in
them like one of the edits one of them
re yeah yeah there's things like that
like at the end when Lando that girl
sits next to him I thought there was
gonna be like revealed that that's his
daughter or something I can feel like
maybe that's something that was in I'm
assuming that's just we don't have time
it's possible I even put that in the
movie then why have Lando meet this
random Carrie why why you have posed old
flame show up well I have that random
character at all why have the horses
yeah there's so much it should have just
been cut out
so the magical space dagger where did
that get found that got found on the
planet with all the rave dancers
everything got sucked down into the
beads yeah that'll suction the movie
felt like more Indiana Jones than
anything else hurt there's quicksand and
then there underground tunnels in on the
road on their own some archaeological
stuff even-even her holding the dagger
up with it yeah I felt like him putting
the staff of rye in the hole
yeah and that's fun shines through the
thing and what was it dagger made it had
Sith ruins on it it knew to line up with
the crash remains of the Death Star and
it's got ancient Sith rooms on it before
strangely oh the force it's not sloppy
writing it's the force a little too
little that comes out like alters its
its shape but the grooves in the dagger
wind up with the wreckage on the Death
Star
in future and near the future oh that's
so dumb but that that dagger
c-3po interpreted that because he was in
programming didn't allow him to speak
language that's why they had to go to
the World War two village they had to
wipe his memory which someone thought
that was funnier than it was him not
then wiping his memory no they wanted to
give c-3po a heroic moment that was a
sacrifice yeah and there's so many jokes
about him not knowing not remembering
anything they're one of the when I was
editing our last videos watching an
interview with Anthony Daniels and he's
like he's like he said he constantly
tried to get George Lucas to give c-3po
some kind of moment oh and it was like
how about c-3po does this I tried to
give him a little humanity and in
Georgia's response was icing he's always
scared he would come up to George Lucas
a guy and George here's a moment with
c-3po could save the day no he's always
scared that moment mice it's great
listening to I don't particularly like
Anthony Daniels and he's yeah but that
when he tells that story George Lucas
just shut him down every time he's
always scared shut up and then he
eventually gave up so that was probably
Anthony Daniels yeah as we go pushing up
I got to do something Kubelik in my
final film is the world's greatest
character everybody because I play him
that moment too and it was in the
trailer where they're about to wipe his
memory and he's like I'm saying looking
at my friends for one last time friends
that hate you yeah well that's the thing
in the trailer as like I'm assuming out
of context on the trailer that this is
there they're pulling memories of him
with like Luke and Leia and Han from
when he was younger
oh no but he's talking about these new
characters that he barely know how does
that hate him
that hate him but yeah so c-3po
interprets the the language on the
dagger and it says to go to Endor
I mean I'm under the moon of Endor app
it's not Endor I guess it did yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah the moon of Endor okay
Endor is a forest moon and I think the
Endor system is a bunch of planets yes
several plans they're not on the Ewok
plane no yeah that's yeah I don't think
so no well we see that at the very end a
little wicket cameo yeah yeah you're
right you're right so I guess a crash
landed on a different planet even those
in orbit of Endor JJ Abrams doesn't he
doesn't like space he doesn't he doesn't
he doesn't want to understand space so I
just assumed like you did when we talked
about this when the Death Star wreckage
crashed on Endor
it'll blitter rated the forest yeah for
decades
yeah so that's why it was all kind of
like flat flat and dead grass and stuff
so I really don't know it was on but but
basically the knife
the magical synth dagger said to go
there to find one of the little
triangles you need a MacGuffin to find a
MacGuffin there are several MacGuffins
and that's the sith wayfinder which
looks like a borg device to me eyes
glowing green and it's like a physical
device which is so weird that the Sith
would need like a for an ancient magical
yes yeah it's like if you're a Sith or
you're in tuned with the dark side of
the force the the story logic would just
assume you would be led there you know
what I'm just I'm just delighted when
Star Wars ever decides not to resort to
space magic but yes so the Emperor had
went on the Death Star in this little
closet because he was a clone of an
ancient being known as Palpatine he
should have changed his name when he
became Chancellor and took over the
galaxy should call himself like look Bob
Smith or something assuming assuming
your clone theory is what happened we
still don't know when we're not really
sure everything happened so fast I don't
think it might be his corpse from well
at least his charred body from the the
dead star explosion he landed on his
fingers sorry if they felt fingers first
when I broke a nail he was he was
falling into the core and then would
have blew up that pushed him like away
and that's that's why he survived a lot
of space you sure lightly so furiously
it burned all of his fingers sounds are
likely yeah the heart of the original
movies is those characters
and even though I don't love return to
the Jedi all the stuff with Luke and the
Emperor invader is great it's emotional
and this is justice that what this is
this is so similar to return of the Jedi
because Return of the Jedi well good has
its flaws and its flaws come in the
second and third act the opening fine
job oh we got a rescue Han a little
adventure and then after that they had
nothing to do with the characters other
than Luke yeah
Leia becomes a basic like ground troop
person and Han is there also and Han is
there also and they're there epic love
romances now just them we got to break
into this bunker and then the the the
the idea of a second Death Star is goofy
and we have nothing for Han and Leia and
c3po and Chewbacca and r2d2 to do yeah
except for do all these things on the
Ewok planet and that's essentially this
movie we have nothing for Finn Poe rose
c-3po r2d2 bb-8 or or Egor there they
have nothing for those characters to do
and they're still introducing new
characters yeah presumably so JJ Abrams
can pay his friends yes they odd they
they had the the lady who rides around
on a horse like stormtrooper her name
was like Zhanna
oh yeah as on our blonde arm I know that
because I had to buy our action film
it's not Zhanna is it and the two new
characters in this Arizona and zouri I
think so really
someone's getting lazy maybe was maybe
ones yani that would be shocked if Yanni
showed up in this film remember I
thought that they went to that smuggler
Cove planet to meet Zuri bliss the
bounty hunter cause she had components
for the time travel machine oh I would
have wholeheartedly welcomed time travel
into the film instead of we got to go to
the place to get the thing that will
lead us to the other thing would have
made for a bigger mess yeah I would have
welcomed a bigger amount yeah
I'd say the final act of this movie is a
pretty big mess just visually viscerally
that's already got kind of like fun
schlock to me where it's just like
nonsense and the emperor's hamming it up
yeah his for the en McDermott's
performance is always he's always great
always great so it's always a joy he was
a little more comical I would have
enjoyed it more I wouldn't have fit the
tone no not really because they
definitely went for a satanic Palpatine
yes I like the atmosphere or that whole
place he was in - how like dark and
moody it was but I guess I figured that
wasn't enough so then they turn on the
strobe lights yeah but it was basically
a Jedi ending our rest of our characters
are doing a thing to destroy a thing
riot yeah we got to take down the shield
generator and they need the Ewoks help
and the battle starts and then Luke is
confronting the Emperor Reyes in front
of the Emperor they got the particularly
they even have like the ground battle
segment when they have to storm the top
of the start story with with not not
primitives but horses pickup horses so
there's an element that not
non-technological element there's people
that are riding around horses and living
off the land because they're former
stormtroopers so there's an Ewok e thing
going on there that JJ Abrams Richard
knows how to remake other people's
movies you said it a million times
Star Wars is creatively bankrupt wait a
minute
fin early on on this movie says ray I
have to tell you something when they
think they're gonna die and then he
never tells her I think I don't know I
don't know why they left it in the movie
but I'm assuming they were going for
like a love plot like sure he does this
whole thing is like in the first two
movies yeah he's always concerned about
where's ray what's happening to ray
how's ray but if not gonna have a payoff
for that I pay off oh yes they ran out
of time rich the movies coming out in
two days we got to stop editing was
there so much in the movie that they
just couldn't they couldn't edit it
properly I mean that's some of the
stories they're saying that yeah there's
just lots of different edits and
Rihanna's of this movie so who knows his
scotum tell her that he's gay so we got
our first case don't worry
we have that in this movie though there
is two two out-of-focus females in the
background kiss so progressive radio
disney there was that old lady is that a
lady the bird lady yeah a bird lady she
gues was a lesbian
so how progressive was in a main
character they wrote off Poe is not
being gay cuz he did that thing race
like hey Keri Russell he's like uh-huh
and then and that she yes we realize
close during the film at the end she
needs to take a mental break she's still
wearing her stupid helmet cuz it's not
actually Keri Russell she's been one
scene where her eyes I think her and her
in JJ rooms at a joke but we're gonna
tell people you're in the movie oh no no
how little can you be in this movie and
how much money from the back end can you
make and it's like a private joke that's
easy your eyes for five seconds and the
rest of the time it's just a like and
she did she did her voice over and like
the sound booth with like an afternoon
uh so she was on camera her eyes for for
ten seconds and then she was in the
sound sound studio for half a day right
and now she's gonna make ten million
dollars yep at least a couple million
and and she had a body double like in
her Zuri bliss costumes or helmet off
yeah but at the end she's you don't even
see her face and Poe is like huh he's
doing like a how about you and I like he
started doing this which I thought was
weird for Star Wars it was implied that
they were might have been a thing way
back when and then she goes mmm and then
he walks out of frame that was got a
case of the not gay yes make poet fit
game make him super gay why the fuck not
that's how they come across in this
movie just do it there was some
interview with Jared JJ Abrams where he
was like doing that like wishy-washy
like they again maybe there could be
where Disney we're progressive except
not really we just want to get the
illusion they're so phony
is this a new term passive progressive
it's like a play on passive aggressive
because to remember has
listen Josh GAD Slyke minor character
Beauty and the Beast yeah he's a sporty
character he's gay you see him dancing
with a guy in one shot
look how progressive we are we wouldn't
do it with a baby character do you
imagine Finn and Poe like like kissing
like I mean like I wouldn't care a
majority of people wouldn't care but it
would be it would be a thing if they did
that then Star Wars fans would complain
about it on the Internet some Star Wars
and they don't complain about anything
on the internet no half of them would
complain half of them would champion it
yes because we're in like split down the
middle polish everything yes Star Wars
but yeah Finn is not in love with Rose
yep because remember he's like she's
like I would come with you he's like
Nana now stay back and then he tea pets
are on the shoulder he's like stay back
buddy she's clearly in the friend zone
she's been put in the friend zone even
though she smooched them and the last
Jenna sees market research says they
don't want you in this much of the film
you stay here and she she basically
almost killed herself to save him like
and then he gives her for that she gets
a pat on the shoulder and stay back here
buddy
finn and rey had good chemistry
on-screen they shouldn't have spend the
entirety of the last Jedi apart
I think Poe and Finn are good together
too like they'd seen oh yeah the force
awakens when they're escaping they
getting the the TIE fighter or whatever
and they're trying to escape like those
who are good together and then they're
separate for the entire rest of that
movie and all the next movie yeah they
got like a little buddy cop vibe go yeah
one's a little more anal retentive and
one's a little more like loose juicy
hotshot guy regardless of whatever flaws
the movies had those characters or
actors do have good chemistry together
they do makes you wish they were in a
real movie yeah yeah my personal opinion
all of Star Wars is just a fluke take it
a little easy you may be the hottest
bush pilot this side of Mos Eisley but
those little sky hoppers are dangerous
keep it up one day whammo you're gonna
end up a dark spot on the down side of a
canyon wall so oh yeah Empire the Empire
Strikes Back is the linchpin that is
holding this house of cards together the
first one was a disastrous film until
marshal Lucas and and everything and
breakthrough special effects saved it
yeah yeah and and and music yeah
and John Williams score it was it was
like a perfect storm and George Lucas
was you know he was he was the second
luckiest man in show business after
Ringo Starr I got to space things and
there's a monster or hundreds of towns
and people make this work you say you
say the second luckiest George Lucas
sold Star Wars for four billion dollars
motherfucker alright nevermind and and
let's also very briefly to close out our
review address the people the comments
that say we'll know do the prequels look
so bad yeah yeah they do yeah they're
not better because these new ones aren't
great it doesn't somehow make the
prequels better prequels still are bad
but like literally none of the
characters and the prequels are likeable
or interesting stories make no sense and
everything about those movies and that's
the thing about this like it they look
great the effects are great the the
actors are good
and it's just yeah it's the stories of
flagging I will say at least the
prequels are fun to make fun of there's
so many baffling weird things in them
and these movies are just so bland and
kind of forgettable a nice blend would
have been having some of Lucas's ideas
in this new trilogy I know he was
talking about like the Wills and the
force and all this like he's it's more
George Lucas weirdness basically yeah
yeah yeah and they're like no we don't
want your ideas you know they're too
weird and but blending that and kind of
mixing that with some modern-day talent
and kind of figuring out a new way to go
they really need to plan this stuff out
what do you do with Star Wars now where
do you go there's a whole bunch of high
paid people asking themselves this
question right now as though as they
watch the reviews come in the many sound
a little more panicked than you though
this just thinks it's out of gas you
know it's it's very hard to nail down
exactly what to do with Star Wars
I think the Mandalorians on the right
track um in terms of just scaling things
back like that episode where they're on
the space station so simple force five
characters total things one always said
it's fascinating to see the contrast
between the hats yeah and then this
movie fuck feel like i'm being smacked in the face by this
movie we're doing recommendations no no
we're not doing them or no you wouldn't
recommend it well not if you're if
you're prone to seizures
there was a sign outside the theater
that said that yeah yeah that's the
thing
maybe maybe wait for it to come out and
and like stream it but like turn the
speed of the movie down to like like
one-quarter speed
oh
fuck
I'm not gonna have a panic attack
that's the new option by
Netflix so watch your movie at 25% speed
yeah so you don't feel like you're
having a heart attack from Star Wars
use a magical space corn this will grant
you access to a new star just strong
that's what that was giving this to you
PO for use in scene 312 how did this
ship get abode
I heard you chuckle oh yeah the guy
comes in there and he's like this this
is rusty spaceship but they just love
thumb they just they just completely cut
out how they got on board the Star
Destroyer like why nobody noticed this
rickety old ship landing and her
characters getting off the ship no rich
wrong - storm troopers walked up and
they said show us your identification
they shot him did that really happen
yeah there's no series it happened so
fast it happened so fast I did not
notice it was not like do you remember
what did you remember Star Wars you know
remember oh yeah they landed the
Millennium Falcon that my folks got
tractor beams into the Death Star and
then they don't know the thing waited
for like two hours and then they scan
the ship and then they it's like it like
a scene yeah like a constructed see the
point yeah they were infiltrating the
Death Star and they had to be very
fucking careful not to get the guys go
in with the equipment and then you hear
the noises hey give us a hand down here
the stormtroopers go up to find out what
with that noise then they steal their
costumes then they do this whole thing
where they have Chewbacca's their
prisoner they come down to pretend yeah
the communicators network tk-421 why
aren't you responding and yeah tk-421 is
a problem with this tracer oh my god
it's Chewbacca is murdering me and then
they have this whole Quinton this or you
just have somebody saying how they ship
get on here that's that's the perfect
scene comparison cuz it's basically the
same scene yeah where there's two
stormtroopers and they just come out
guns blazing and murder them in this
giant hangar bay where there are windows
everywhere security cameras so this
seems 30 seconds long as opposed to five
minutes oh yeah it's like eight seconds
and then they just run out yeah
and it's just storm and they're shooting
everyone in the hallways yeah they run
down the hallway and they shoot a bunch
people and then to stormtroopers come up
to him and Ray just uses the force yes
she just do that with all of them are
you gonna recommend rise of Skywalker's
no but I am going to point out that this
this entire trilogy has just been a
waste of potential yes Adam drivers
great III like I know everyone hates ray
I still like the main cast I just don't
think they ever did anything really
interesting with them yeah this was
succinctly said well said Jay I know I
would not I think yeah I think this is
the worst one I think I like the last
Jedi more than this and I don't really
like the last Jedi either at least the
last Jedi took its time yeah nice and
slow yeah this movie was just so
exhausting and not enough fun like oh
it's so action-packed kind of way I'm
just like I'm done with Star Wars as are
a lot of people it's it's now let's talk
about the Mandalorian can I give my
recommendation Jay absolutely no no I I
echo the sentiments of rich almost
exactly you know the cast is good some
some ideas are okay but overall it's a
clusterfuck and I think that's what a
lot of people are saying is it has good
parts did it leave me in tears no I
don't want to say if you legitimately
liked this film you have a low IQ but if
you legitimately liked this film you
have a low IQ because you are you are
watching all the things happen so fast
and and the critical part of your brain
that that kicks in that's supposed to
kick in it does right - wait a minute
wait a minute wait a minute it's keeps
going by going on it's like being on I
like some kind of roller coaster ride
where you can't even process you don't I
mean it's just all the undulations and
the speed and then at the end hey I
think that was fun yeah yeah I heard the
John Williams score yes it's like you're
on the the little cart going through the
haunted house but none of the scares are
very spooky so they just have the car go
by really fast
well what was that a monster always give
us at a what you know and I think that
was the saddest part to for a
forgettable that the score was was for
being an exclusive John Williams score
was forgettable yeah set for the the
moments where you're supposed to
remember
Lulla things when they would bring up
the old oh yeah Leia seem and yet all
that stuff certain like when she walks
into the Death Star's throne room you
get that done yeah and so the old stings
that would come in throughout the rest
yeah ray has a theme I like her theme
what is her theme do do do do do do do
do do
sorry whimsical it's different okay
stuff so hey it's something from the
series that ever mattered to me it's
news to me
ray's theme what the fuck are you
talking about
ray's theme from Ghostbusters just for
everything Ray Parker jr. see oh yeah
yeah that's great they remit they're
gonna really make that song for the new
movie when there's something stranger
things in neighborhood who he got a call
fin wolfhard and maybe the girl who was
in Godzilla but if they were both in
ghostbusters it'd be too obvious what's
her name uh Billy Bobby Brown Billy
brought Billy Bobby Brown really poppy
poppy Brown which is funny because Bobby
Brown did a song for ghostbusters 2 it
all ties together like the force
remember when I will no longer question
logical loopholes in these Star Wars
films do you Matt here's another thing
that'll blow your mind
oh okay Bobby Brown's camión
Ghostbusters - he said hey can I have
one of those proton packs my kid brother
wants one
then Egon tells him no a proton pack is
not a toy cut to 30 years later and kids
are firing the proton packs it has a
conner seat
directly against the Egan's
recommendation his own fucking
granddaughter paul rudd will be the kid
who gets to use a real proton pack what
what the kid the kid brother will end up
grow up to be Paul Rudd was adopted it's
fine he's adopted swing and Miss requ it
I quit Star Wars I'm done I'm never
talking about Star Wars again bye we'll
see won't we talk about the Picard
series and ghostbusters 2020 and
everything else that's coming out that
just continues to ruin our lives
we've never addressed our George Lucas
bust oh is that who that is I thought it
was Bob Vila it's over though as always
remember to like the video subscribe to
the channel follow us on Twitter
Facebook and Instagram and go see the
rise of Skywalker when it opens in
theaters this Friday December 20th
thanks for watching and may the force be
with you bad boys of Star Wars out
