Apr 6, 2020
Verotika
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKmMRSTUeAs
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1247325788418031617
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10157280574902634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-verotika

Half in the bag.
"This virus is that insidious."
oh god don't let it touch me it's fine
it doesn't live on aluminum for very
long just need to make sure you're
fucking disgusting mouth is six feet
away from my fucking disgusting mouth
you know how many filthy things I've
said over the years are we six feet
apart
yes we're six feet I go six feet two
inches just to be safe even though it's
not currently recommended by the CDC but
this is well Jay it's April 15th the
official peak of the pandemic we lost so
many people in the entertainment
industry and I can't believe those
celebrities in the imagined video all
got Cove at 19 oh I know but that second
video they made where they're all
singing we are the world into their
ventilators
I was so cringy I mean come on there's
so many useless old people out there
that need those ventilators and I can't
believe we lost Betty White - what we
lost her inside her mansion I mean she's
perfectly healthy they just don't know
what room she's in because he's got a
big house I can't find her they can't
find her yeah my bed is on the crafting
room in the basement
yeah she loves Christmas she loves her
craps oh and did you hear Bryan Singer
also got covet 19 not Bryan yeah
although he was a little disappointed he
was hoping for kovat 17 or maybe kovetz
16 as long as it keeps its fucking mouth
shut and it was such a shame when that
mob of infected homeless people stormed
Kim Kardashian's house and Bernie was it
are you expecting someone
no
are you
fuck no
guess it's my turn right?
who is it?
postal service.
got a package.
leave it outside the fucking door
you gotta sign for it
sign for it?
are you fucking kidding me?
just slide it under the door
or I'll pump your belly full of coronavir--, I mean lead.
I'll pump your belly full of lead.
why are you still delivering packages anyways?
you got a death wish?
just a minute - you've got to do the
process
alright well it's time to open the package
so what'd you get in the mail oh I
finally got Veronica hunt blu-ray oh
yeah that it's streaming on Amazon what
fuck physical media glenn danzig
directorial debut is a horror anthology
that compiles stories from Danzig's line
of comic books of the same name stories
which focus on horror content that's
often sexual and violent in nature
usually featuring scantily clad female
protagonists and it sucks why Mike what
are you drinking
why J I'm drinking zombie dust by Three
Floyds this is not a paid sponsorship we
just happened to have it and it's good
and it seemed appropriate seemed
appropriate in this apocalyptic times
were living in it's called zombie and I
think Glenn Danzig probably saw the
films that Rob Zombie was doing and it's
like I could do that too but much much
much worse
that's right J so today we're talking
about Veronica you know what's weird
they say it's it's based on the line of
comic books that he made but the comic
book is called veronik which is still
the same idea as they combined the word
violence with erotic but we changed it
from Virata to Veronica for the film
because that's the kind of nonsensical
pointless and creative decision that
goes right along with the rest of the
movie
this was a movie that we've heard about
legends stories myths about this movie
that was only available to the only way
to see it was if you went to a screening
of it yeah I don't know if it were
played at some festivals they're listed
on them the first one was in Chicago is
this thing called like sin apocalypse
and that was the one where the next day
people were writing articles like this
is the new the room right which I
disagree with but we'll get into it but
it's still a fascinating fascinating
movie oh god save the alcohol and the
guns Patton Oswalt's whiskey somehow I
don't think he'll be back for it but
yeah we heard about it glenn danzig made
a movie and if you don't know who glenn
danzig is probably don't the legendary
musician if you came to music people
over 40 might know when Danzig is he's
an old man now but he he used to make
rock and roll music his most famous song
is Mother
mother you know yeah moderately
successful rock and roll guy with enough
clout in his name to relent a whole
school bus filled with porn stars to be
in his film I intentionally used school
bus and porn star as opposing imagery
for comedic effect yes I get it I get it
had I said party boss or limousine it
wouldn't have been as funny
you at weight you put thought into that
joke I did yeah it's good to put thought
into your creative ideas yes someone
should tell Pete Davidson that so Jay
what is the plot of erotica well Glenn
Danzig watched the movie Black Sabbath
by Mario Bava and said I'm gonna do that
horror anthology he didn't have three
it's three stories but he didn't have
stories he just had an idea he had three
ideas and and that's as far as it got
yeah the first story a Spider Man when
when a lady falls asleep her it is a
Spider Man that snaps next story is
strippers and then the third story is a
woman bathes of blood and that's it
so to encapsulate everything real quick
here there's three vignettes the first
two were were funny bad I didn't call
today and then the third one I thought
would you know
grando crescendo the whole experience
into one powerfully bad bad movie but it
was a real letdown on the third story
unfortunately which is sort of
interesting in its own right when we get
to it yeah it was the most technically
competent of the three but it was the
least funny because we're gonna talk
about technical competence the film is
replete with technical errors that are
so glaring it's shocking yeah
glenn danzig is is credited as the
writer and director and cinematographer
also the DP with somebody else and I'm
the blu-ray there's the movie but
there's also like a you know a bunch of
behind the scene
photos where like this movie it looks
like like a B movie made by like a high
school kid it looks like a porno again
it was all going so well I mean when it
started you have we have the intro bit
because we have like our own like
Cryptkeeper type character yes
names like boobarella or whatever it is
and the movie starts with her gouging
someone's eyes out yeah which i think is
a full chi influence because Lucio full
Chi likes I trauma and naturally when
your eyes get plucked out of your head
by a porn star you just go my eyes my
eyes but then she turns to the camera
and starts talking to the camera it's
incredibly jarring and awkward yeah
she's your your Crypt Keeper yeah just
not as pani welcome my darlings
my name is Marella and this is Veronica
the whole movie is that people standing
there awkwardly nobody knows what to do
it's the the feature-length equivalent
of the scene in samurai cop in the
police chief's office where he yells at
samurai cop and Frank and they leave the
room and then the camera just holds on
him and the actor didn't know what to do
and he just sort of sits down he's
waiting for me yelled cut they don't
yell cut and he's just trying to come up
with stick he starts laughing and you
weep multiple times when we were
watching this movie we were like and cut
and he just never cuts
but on in those behind-the-scenes stills
we're like I mean the production quality
and we say this a lot looks as bad as
space cop yeah and we shot space cop on
a crappy the af100 right without like
any gear or anything oh good lenses no
good lenses and then you see some of the
behind the scenes stills and I don't
know what they're shooting it on it's a
big old camera with lots of big lenses
and and it it just looks like garbage it
just looks so bad I mean it's it's a
it's it's a clean image it's in focus
but it's the director of photography is
as bad as Jay Baumann it's it's light
out of frame just pointed right at
everybody harsh shadows
yeah the camerawork just constantly
zooming in and out for no reason it was
making me think of early John Waters
movies but there's more motivation for
the awkward zooms and those because it's
like characters talking zoom in on them
yeah finishing talking zoom out zoom
back in another character but in this
movie it just like randomly zooming in
and out there's a girl walking like down
the street and and the lady says I'm
here to take your face your face
it's very nice give it to me
it's amazing acting just a dialogue my
face
what do you want with my face well no
you can't have my not my face
don't take my face yeah and then um then
they do like this super long snap zoom
on the girl who's gonna take her face
the mystery woman mystery woman and all
the zooming kind of made me think he was
trying to do like grindhouse e 1970s
horror grindhouse kind of thing yeah
things like that when it's motivated
like zoom on the villain but there's so
many scenes were just completely
inexplicably a zooming in and out
I wonder if glenn danzig himself is
operating the camera and he's just kind
of like like your you know your your
your Uncle Bob with his VHS camera yeah
you know filming the family party in the
backyard like kind of uh most of his
footage is just of his feet right
because he doesn't know what he's doing
that's what it kind of feels like yeah
just like a guy who was given the camera
who doesn't have a lot of experience
with what the film because there is
there's that part in the third vignette
when I think she kills a girl or brings
the girl to the blood puddle and then
they're like oh we got to dump this body
the girl is dead now and and then the
camera like oh you know what am i what
am i following here yeah and then it's
like kind of like floats around and it's
just like someone is operating it going
what is the focus of this scene no one's
telling me yeah it's it's quite amazing
actually the technical problems I mean I
think we wrote wrote some of these down
early on in the first two there's a
location which appears to be some kind
of brick warehouse that they've built
sets inside of which like apartment sets
yeah there's several low angle shots
where you could see the top of the walls
and some kind of piece of plywood they
put up there to simulate a ceiling yeah
then they go outside of the building to
try to recreate an alleyway in France in
the first segment inexplicably takes
place in France yes and those porn stars
are not good with French accents half
the time you don't understand what
they're saying
did you see she's not feeling well
she's still in shock yes imagine you've
found your best friend dead yeah Oh
everybody's bad there
French accent with no leads to go on
police are still hoping their police are
calling the media near neckbreaker me
the men are worse than the porn stars
that's that waiter in the cafe oh my god
then may I suggest that one go stay at
home for somebody out there is the
neckbreaker
but you see the police bust down a door
was one of those like cop door busting
things yeah but they do it very lightly
into the door yeah cool and then they
cut to the reverse and you see the
scoring on the door where it's supposed
to burst through yup there's a part
where in the third one where the the
blood bath lady is walking down up like
a hill and off to the right of the frame
you see you could see the crew yep
with the lights and you see like the
blinky lights or like the video village
or whatever they have over there and
it's like the lights I mean you could
tell where the light is yeah oh yeah
unmotivated there's like that wide shot
of her walking through the woods and
yeah it's directly behind a tree there's
a part in the first story where our porn
star number one goes into a movie
theater then it's a tiny little
screening room but they apparently
didn't have a projector light so it's
just a light with a fan in front of it
spinning and you just see the fan
they're trying to create that flickering
light from a from a film projector but
you just see the fan yeah it's like you
the the the fan idea wasn't bad no when
it pans down and you don't see it it's
like okay yeah it kind of works you know
like when when you make like a fire
effect or fireplace campfire or whatever
yeah kind of like you know you wave some
gels in front of the light you kind of
pull it off but you don't show someone
waving the gel
I think maybe glenn danzig thought hey
there's a fan up there cuz it's hot in
the projection room and then who also
makes a flickering effect glenn danzig
sound like Sylvester Stallone I had
never heard glenn danzig speak so I'm
imagining he sounds like rocky okay
that's fair and there's a fan up there
the flickering effect it's fine if you
told me this movie was directed by the
fictional character Rocky Balboa I would
believe you
he did get brain damage in Rocky five
after a rocky five Rocky Balboa yes he's
been punched in the head sometimes
my face
what do you want with my face
and then on another amazing flub I think
is one of our I don't know porn stars I
think I think they're all porn stars I
don't know she's wearing a tight like
bodysuit kind of dress oh yeah and she
has like a dog collar thing and she's
wearing a mic pack but they didn't have
any where they could hide the mic pack
so they taped it to her thigh which
isn't visible probably in most shots
that they do but for some reason they
get this super low angle of her walking
up the stairs where the mic pack is
visible nobody thought to yeah they
don't need her audio for that shot
anyway just take it off yeah yeah she
just had it on all day long yeah I would
love to hear from someone who worked on
this as a crew member yeah and there's
just like yeah go ahead Glenn Danzig was
a big prick so we just fucking didn't give a shit
or you know supreme levels of
incompetence yeah the movie Aubrey is
like an intentional joke like but that's
the whole thing with Danzig I guess is
that he's not self-aware at how silly he
kind of is that this movie is like the
the cinematic equivalent of that picture
of him carrying the kitty litter if
you've ever seen that he is this like
imposing you know rock and roller image
but he's just got a giant container of
kitty litter that Jay the lack of self
awareness is the key ingredient in the
cake better of a bad so bad it's good
movie is the is the director is
oblivious yeah that they are making
something bad and they are passionate
about about making something serious and
good and telling an artistic vision you
Tommy Wiseau
you know like
everybody betrayed me I fed up with his
world Glen dancing kind of looks like
Tommy was so they look some black hair
they should collaborate on your project
your yeah your your Neil brains your
John the heart
that is that is the key ingredient and
vanity bless so with this cuz Glanton
glenn danzig isn't in the movie which is
surprising but it still has that you're
just picturing and buying the camera
being like this is gonna be so fucking
awesome so metal well okay let's go
segment by segment alright first segment
is called something about an albino
spider yeah and then it's the weirdness
starts off right out of the gate we have
a lady with a pink wig on going down on
a guy with his pants still on with this
pencil and they got start getting hot
and heavy and he wants to take her top
off and she says no this goes on for 15
minutes there's a little too long and
then he finally does against her wishes
get her top off and we discover her
boobs have nipple eyes they're just eyes
her nipples should be their eyes where
explain this because I don't think we
can show it we'll do our best YouTube
will do everything in its power to stop
us but we're gonna try to show you as
much of this movie as we can our boobs
have eyes where the nipples are yeah and
then that freaks the guy out and then
she cries and also her boob eyes cry and
the boob eye sheds a tear onto a robotic
white spider that is across the room but
yet somehow the tear falls straight down
and lands on the spider that's over
there somewhere yeah well it felt like
an unfinished effects it looked like the
like the animatic or whatever before an
effect is finished or it's just like
grayscale and you haven't added the
texture to it
that's the discount like CGI yeah like
he went to a CGI company and they're
like yeah you want a realistic-looking
spider it's gonna cost you I think those
how about how about the the animatic
that looks good the wireframe model it's
good enough I could put some skin on
that wire frame model $150 more No
all right here so then this spider
because of the boob tear turns into a
giant man spider yes which kind of looks
like like a comic book villain I could I
could very much so picture that as a
drawing in a comic book the makeup isn't
too terrible it's not true it's that's
the that's that's where the the failure
of the director and the DP comes in
because the makeup doesn't look bad the
the six arms look bad
well yeah two real arms and then for
like rubley arms that just dangle like
you don't even try to make a move you
don't constantly like this yeah so it's
like okay you're doing a spider thing
sure well you ever see though ever see
those guys that that have like like five
or six puppets and then they have it all
they're all like synced up sure you
could have done something like that
where you raise your arm up and and in
the background it connects also you can
go like this brown and the spider and
then you see you but they're just like
completely lifeless arms and then you
see this creature and it's in the
distance and if you saw focus its light
it moodily with some smoke in front of
it it looks very creepy but then they
get these extreme close-ups yeah which
is these harsh front lights on it yeah
you can see like the the line where the
like neck piece means the chest piece
and it's like this is high definition
video 16 millimeter in the 1970s right
but this story is very simple the the
Spider Man we'll call him the Spider Man
kills her roommate or her someone else
in her apartment we're not really sure
it doesn't matter well that leads to one
of the best lines in the movie though in
the neighbor or roommate or whoever it
is looking in the fridge deciding what
beverage she wants
milk or beer depends which time of day
it is honey but the idea is that when
she falls asleep that's when the
spider-man can attack people right just
sleep oh god I will go do the things
that you impression in your mind
I feel free but they interrupted what
that does Jax has been hot inside us and
then she learns on the news from a man
who's hiding his face the microphone or
the name out of shame this is the best
my agent could get me should work my
shift at Panera Bread instead he said he
says this lady got killed
oh no he talked about the hooker that
got killed yeah first the roommate gets
killed he snaps her neck
you know for some reason that's his
technique for killing because then he
approaches the prostitute in the alley
in France and and well first he says he
wants to fuck her in the ass
"I'm sure I can accommodate his tastes."
"First, I wish to bend her over right here, and fuck you in the ass."
She says assfucking is my spec-, assfuck is my specialty.
"Assfuck is my specialty."
And then he snaps her neck.
"I want to hear your neck--"
"No!"
"--break!"
yes yeah and then when the second murder
comes around that's when she says oh my
gosh they okay I don't know how to a
French accent the neck breaker he is in
my dreams she somehow makes the
connection that this the spider creature
is killing the killing the prostitutes
or foreign stars or whatever is
happening and then oh and then the cops
show up
well first she goes to the movies she
goes to a porno that's where we get the
famous fan scene right the other she
falls asleep in the theater immediately
and the other people try to rape her and
then she wakes up and realizes what's
happening and very slowly leaves the
room and then she goes to a cafe the
famous cafe scene yes which is
inexplicable this is like the the hi
doggy scene from the room yeah weird
where everything is just wrong and it's
very very quick she comes into the cafe
there's a coffee sitting there for her
already yep waiter comes up and and I
think the purpose of the scene was to
warn her about the neckbreaker because
he says something that goes be covered
until tomorrow and the nut breakers
they're like well yes first he asked if
she wants a refill we are closing would
you like another one Phil yes she just
walked in someone else's car someone
else's coffee that was already on the
table I don't know no I'm needy and then
yeah she doesn't pays for the coffee
before she leaves even though she didn't
have it that's what he warns her about
the neckbreaker and she learns about it
that way yeah and she ends up back at
her apartment the cops show up for some
reason it's a little fuzzy at this point
have you done it no no no this cannot be
happening
and then they oh she tries to OD on
pills yeah she tries to kill herself
with sleeping pills presumably so that
the neckbreaker can't be released so he
can't break no more now he can't break
no more next and then then the cops
shoot him like a hundred times and then
it ends yes I was going to post this as
a question but I'm just gonna make it a
statement Glenn Danzig is a huge pervert
I was gonna say do you think yeah yeah
and and then I thought that's a part of
the rock and roll lifestyle Mike I mean
I'm in music and porn stars that's all
that's all there is if the movie it's
some sort of artistry to it you could
say oh it's it's you know it's about sex
and violence it's about sexuality and
the the the interlinking between that
and violence yeah but it'sit's just
strippers
you
and story strippers yes it's called
change of face and this makes no fucking
sense I mean it does on a very surface
level but when you really think about it
it it makes no sense yes the story is
the premise is there's no story premises
glenn danzig had access to a strip club
for two days I was gonna say two hours
two hours two days whatever and it was
like a real location him and his crew
got to film ladies walking around and
spinning on poles for for a day and a
half and that he had to slap a story on
top of that I think that's what happened
because oh we opened with an alleyway or
a nighttime street scene and there's a
lady walking brilliant actress very good
and that mysterious lady comes out of
the darkness and says I wouldn't take
your face off my cut your face off she's
like no not my face I need my face she
says don't resist me I'm cut it and then
it there's no struggle there's no
attempt at at her defending yourself it
just cuts to her like laying on the
ground yep if you aren't gonna give it
to me
then I'll guess I've just had to take it
now look what you made me do
and then peels it off and this lady who
is called mystery woman
mesthri girl
takes faces of other ladies and nails
them to the wall of her dressing room at
the backstage of the strip club I think
that's in her house or apartment
okay that's separate from the strip club
but she is a stripper who has like a
scarred face they explain where the
scars came no okay your brain just broke
okay she cuts off faces to put over her
scarred face but the other faces that
she puts on her oh just look like her
face but then when she strips she's got
her face covered anyway that's that's
the part that gets me it's like okay I
get it right okay say the lady was a
stripper and she was she was very
successful at her job right she she made
a lot of money issues really good at a
job and then someone throws acid in her
face and because of this horrifying
incident she says I can't be a stripper
anymore with the fucked up face so she
cuts the faces off other women puts it
on makes it perfect it goes full mrs.
Doubtfire and makes it makes a pretty
face that you can now continue her work
as a stripper
the cops are slowly moving in to catch
her yeah who keeps cutting out cuz the
face will rot off eventually so you got
a new one it's almost like a vampire
having done it on blood to keep
themselves alive that makes sense
yes but she strips with another face on
her face but covers that face with the
mass with a veil yep dead skin mask
that I wear it fits so right it makes me
feel like I'm alive like I'm not the
disfigured freak that I am it could be
like she just is crazy because of her
fucked-up face so she doesn't want other
women to have faces seen how you're
coming up with more motivation than
isn't it I know there's none of this as
explained yeah I want to I'm not at my
beauty has been ruined with these scars
so I want to steal other women's beauty
right exactly and she wears them at
night and just laughs and then throws
him into a her garbage disposal or
something and then ha ha ha and then and
then she still has to wear the veil just
to be a stripper because she has a
fucked up face I don't even know why
she's a stripper we don't know anything
about her but let's talk about our
policemen yes this is the best best
stuff in the movie young woman her face
cut off no apparent motive no witnesses
no leads this is a combination of Tommy
Wiseau and Ed Wood what do you got well
we got his grisly Sarge oh yeah
how grisly pretty grisly these scenes
the scenes of the cops the dialogue is
so terrible it sounds like it was
written by someone who's never heard a
human speak before cause of death
and payment shock and loss of blood nice
another sicko killer so the cops are
there there's a there's like a lob
viously the homicide detective and then
there's a couple of like uniformed cops
and the uniformed cops like yep she got
her face cut off and then he's like oh
my god but where is her face and the
cops like I don't know there's no
fingerprints and or nothing so we've got
no evidence there's no case like Dingley
motive is that she took her face I think
what I'm trying to say is that the the
uniformed cop whose job it is to like
rope off the crime scene and leave it
alone so the detectives can come in and
like look he starts like making like
wild assumptions and statements that are
well beyond his his level you know I
mean afraid no sir I mean we we've got
nothing zero evidence which means no
leads or motive so it's like yeah like
no one understood Danzig doesn't know
how cops talked or hasn't even seen a
movie I don't know anything about cops
but I know like the basic yeah where's
her face well that's what I was going to
get to is whoever did this just didn't
just left with it and left no no trace
no way to be found no blood trail
negatory so the dialogue is is like
unbelievable and and amateurish and the
acting is so bad well our lead cop or
lead detective he's doing his best like
gruff the Crime Dog voice I don't know
why that decision was made like when
when you're when you're in seventh grade
and you're playing a detective you go
I'm a detective but the but the the guy
was playing the cop is a grown man who
probably has his own normal voice but
yet he's doing the voice of a grown-up
it's so fucking weird nice another sicko
killer anything else for me but that is
that the the true treasure of this movie
is really it's the acting yeah because
the room it's it's all isolated in Tommy
Wiseau's bad acting
yeah everybody else they do that they
can with the weird dialogue they do a
serviceable job with with the bad script
but and they're okay at acting yeah but
this it's like everyone is a train wreck
yeah and it's amazing well the scene
after the cop scene I think that's when
she goes mystery woman goes into that
woman's house blonde lady yes blonde
ladies like who is that who's there I'm
here what are you talking about who is
it I'm in here I didn't call maintenance
today face collector I've come
to get your face be face no but that's
again that scene mystery woman goes to
blonde woman's house we don't know how
she knows her there's no setup it's not
like she followed her home she's just
there and she cuts off her face and an
incredibly awkward fight scene they
struggle and then it just hard cuts to
her on the ground that looks like a
horribly dangerous way to open your beer
anyways we're still talking about
Veronica yes yes mystery lady leaves her
business card at the murder scene if it
falls out of her pockets hey Sarge what
you got looks like a business card from
a titty club or a stripper check it out
falls out of her purse why does she have
it why does a stripper have a business
card I'm gonna keep those clients coming
back okay okay with your with your cell
phone number on there your email address
your website your home address if you're
gonna have to murder somebody why do you
even have that on you though just came
from work got a whole bunch of business
cards in her cleavage sure wherever she
keeps them you know come back to have a
good time with me here's my business
card
has my real name on it too my home
address I hand this out to all the
patrons at the strip club but apparently
in this world that is not they made the
cops they discover the business card and
that's not a clue or that's not a lead
that's the evidence that we're ma are
now 100% convinced that this woman is
the killer though this is a finite
conclusion that's all it takes
it's not that this card could have been
laying on the floor for weeks and thus
apart
and whatever unrelated you know it's not
a lead right well it would be a lead it
would be one of 20 different things that
they they follow up on and you know I'm
just coming here to you know ask a
couple questions so then it's he goes
there to the strip club with full intent
on a resting mystery woman for the
murder of lady you know
"The name is Sergeant Anders, fuckface."
"And you're gonna tell me whether she's here or not."
Oh God that seemed well he shows up and
he's talking to like the door guy oh
yeah and he's like I'm looking for miss
mystery woman right whatever her name is
like nobody knows her name I don't know
if she's working tonight and then
another girl hears it and she runs back
and to give the heads up to mystery
woman and oh god well I don't remember
what she said but it was one of those
moments there's a cop out front looking
for you he'll be down here in a second
it's amazing she goes I'll run
interference no then then she runs in
the hallway and she's like hey mister
you can't be back here
there's naked ladies back here it's like
he's like I could go wherever I want on
the cops where do you think you're going
no people allow there's no you bros back
there
very funny they're naked girls out here
too it's a sprint Club and then he busts
into the dressing room and I think a
similar exchange happens race like I'm a
cop and I could go where I want all you
cops are the same all bark when all you
really want is some free sex wrong and
I'll shoot you all I would love to shoot
you all dead why what are you gonna do
shoot us you don't believe me right
about now I'd really like to and then
what are you doing what well the best is
when he confronts mystery woman well he
goes into a dark mysterious room mystery
woman like puts him in a headlock or
something she's behind him yes and then
he shoots his gun forward and it hits
her yes
and then this movie devised the laws of
physics it does yeah but he shoots her
several times hits her multiple times in
the abdomen shoulder and whatnot she
runs off and he that's when this guy has
his his big act oh yeah this is the slow
zoom in as he's screaming like
I'll get you mystery woman
"You cut my fucking face, you sick goddamned cunt!"
"Go ahead."
"Run, mystery girl."
"How far you think you're gonna get with a couple of rounds in you?"
"I'm gonna get you, you sick fuck."
"You hear?"
"I'm gonna get you!"
who may or may not have done anything--
well he found a business card at that one
lady's house card that's that's the
business card that says that's
guaranteed she's a murderer
that's proof it's proof I mean there was
also like that the the the takeout menu
for the Italian restaurant down the
street
that was on the floor right but he
didn't go roughing up Antonio hey pizza
maker
you killed the lady with you cut her
face off oh I throw up with the dough in
the air I don't need to the face off
I found you take out a menu next to the
body uh why why are you talking to tell
Jana it was fixed to the body you cut to
the face off like it the pizza dough but
yeah he has a small out where he's
screaming I'm gonna get you he's like
he's like you're not gonna get very far
with five bullets in you cut to six
months later yeah I think a different
strip club or one but she's wearing a
slightly different outfit that now
inexplicably shows her belly tummy area
when before it didn't yes but now it
does mountains and she has bullet hole
scars on her belly so what better time
to start exposing your belly when you
now have bullet hole scars on it yeah
before when you didn't that's when you
wear the the concealing gown right sure
face still covered to say if you want to
do a thing like because she just strips
and then the segment ends yes so it's
like if you wanted to do a thing where
it's like she outwitted the cops by like
cutting off someone else's face wearing
someone else's face so she looks like a
different person now they don't do
anything it just ends it
it just i know zo Jay I know I feel your
pain I just want things to make sense
there are so many elements in this that
can be rearranged on the most basic
level yeah to form a cohesive story of
some kind even if it's not good but such
she was pursued by the cops the cops
shot her and then she just continued to
work at the strip club and has the
bullet wounds so we know it's the same
person and then the cops why didn't they
just stop they stopped investigating
they just gave up they were working on
on coronavirus oh okay crowd control
okay you got to keep people in their
homes
social distancing
they gotta patrol the streets
they don't have time to worry about psychotic stripper face-takers
okay
okay
okay
uh, yeah
it's frustrating
but that's what makes it kind of great
it's baffling
yeah it's baffling
"You cut my fucking face, you sick goddamned cunt!"
"Go ahead."
"Run, mystery girl."
"How far you think you're gonna get with a couple of rounds in you?"
"I'm gonna get you."
"No matter where you go."
"No matter where you hide."
"I'm gonna get you, you sick fuck."
"You hear?"
"I'm gonna get you!"
Uh, so should we, uh, segue into our third and final segment?
sure
which is called something Drukija Countess Blood
Contessa of Blood?
something like that
Contessa of blood
yeah and you said this was based on a
lie yeah it's very clearly based on
Elizabeth Bathory who was a countess I
think in like the 1600s and like hungry
I want to say but she would kill torture
and kill virginal women and and bathe in
their blood too because he thought it
would keep her keep her young how'd that
work out for her well I'm assuming she
died at some point I don't know how it
works out for the woman in this movie
because nothing happens and then it just
ends yeah that's literally in Cohen
Danzig heard of this legend or
historical fact whatever it may be and
said Nick lady's blood bath full yeah
steal some costumes from the Renaissance
Fair the segment should be called look
we got horses because he's really proud
of having people ride horses a couple
horses yeah yeah that's really it though
there's the first scene she has like a
lineup of women and she decides on one
and kills her and bathes in her blood
for like like three hours it feels like
and then another woman comes in and they
slit her throat so then she bathes in
even more blood no the yeah that they
establish that the Contessa of blood has
multiple ways of acquiring virgins there
there is a scene where the Contessa goes
into the woods and gives a wolf some of
some meat from one of the dead ladies
that that you murdered the wolf eats the
meat and and she goes bring them all
versions and the wolf runs off she sends
her goons around they one time they
catch a lady trying to escape the castle
and then another time they go into a
village
but instead of just grabbing the girl
and taking her they they pay the mother
do they yeah they throw coins on the
ground oh I don't even remember that and
and she's like she's like don't let them
take me you're gonna do fine and the
Contessa's castle-like he made all
honesty maybe the lady didn't know what
was gonna happen maybe she thought she
was just gonna be a servant and she's
like, ooh, cash, and she's like this this is
more money than I've ever seen in my
whole life and then the girls like no no
you're a very bad mother so the first
version that we see is strung up on this
like skull bathtub and and she slit down
her wrists so it drains out in the
bathtub and the Contessa's bathing in
the blood for like you said what seems
like an eternity yeah this is this is
one of the many scenes where yeah it
feels like the actors are like what am I
supposed to be doing and it just keeps
going it it definitely feels like like a
scene that is there to have that scene
like like nothing happens yeah they
spent a lot of time building this
bathtub with the skull and and rigging
up the girl hanging there and they spent
a lot of time in that making it and then
when it happened there was nothing there
is nothing other than just to establish
that it was there and that's what she
does yeah so they just like kept filming
we zoom in we zoom out and that is this
segment there is there is literally no
story as we know story yeah
there's no conflict there's no
motivation other than I'm gonna bathe in
blood your brain would say we've
established this this like rural farm
girl peasant character who gets sold off
by her mother to the countess and then
we follow her little storyline right
yeah
like oh my god like what's happening in
this castle this is crazy
yeah
countess should not be the main
character let you know the antagonist
yeah and it's just like you we got we
have to try to make an escape because
she's just gonna drain our blood and
bathe in it one girl tries and fails oh
that's an example let's not do that yeah
how about we all team up to try and kill
the countess or do something and then
there's conflict conflict Oh God but
know these look like these look like
poorly shot scenes for like the History
Channel like where they're filming like
the real-life story of bath Roy
Elizabeth yeah where they're like where
that's all it is there's no narrative to
it it's just scenes and then oh the
scene after that she gets cleaned up and
she's wearing like a gown like kind of a
see-through ish gown but she still has
blood on her face for some reason and
then she looks at herself in the mirror
for 25 minutes yes yes and that's
another zoom in zoom out zoom in zoom
out
and there's no rhyme or reason to the
logic of the blood the first scene makes
sense because there's a literal bath yes
and then after that the one that tried
to escape her punishment is being
beheaded and then she says I am going to
swim in your blood I hope to bring coop
blood and future headless body to
Supremes and then they cut her head off
and all the blood just spills all out on
the ground and we're like we got to
catch that blood in something go get a
big big plastic tub or a bucket catch
that blood it's going all over the floor
that she takes the head oh yeah and we
discover she has a room of decapitated
heads yeah
and then she also does a couple of
throat slits which look pretty good the
effect actually looked pretty good and
temporarily gets sprayed in the face
with some blood although it's quite the
waste of virginal blood
I guess Sam you got to put that shit in
a bathtub and you got to soak in that
you got to marinate yeah in that
virginal blood for hours if you want the
therapeutic effects of it but the
Contessa or countess or whatever she is
her her methodology is sporadic its
inconsistent and inconsistent at best
she's wasting lots of virgin blood there
must be lots of virgins in Hungary there
won't be for long how wasteful she is
these girls have ought to start having
sex really young in order to avoid the
Contessa my daughter is not a virgin
she's not the Virgin of course she is
she's only ten no no no yesterday she
was with a subway Jared how dare you
laughing you sick sick fuck how dare you
laugh at that here come by to give it
the footlong this is what you've done to
us glenn danzig this is what you've done
to us but there is that kind of cool
shot when I think it's on the back of
the box even where she's like there's
like a straight like you know pool table
or poker table lighting shooting down on
her and she's holding up a body I
remember yeah and I don't know what she
was doing like I think oh she she was
cutting her stomach open yeah but it's
her she removes her heart needs it yeah
yes she eats her beating heart yes and
while she's still alive yeah all the
dead people in this movie are constantly
moving you see their eyes twitchy and
their breathing nobody can play dead
but yeah it's one of those things where
she pulls out this prop and so I'm gonna
had taking the time making the prop has
all the arteries connected to the the
proper things and speed it's still
beating and then and then she bites it
she's supposed to eat it but the profits
just has just off and on switch
it's just on yeah and it just keeps
beating and the actress who's had the
heart pulled out of her doesn't quite
know what to do no one told her just
died immediately yeah when the heart
comes out but she's just like like like
she's being tortured she doesn't know
what to do because nobody told her when
the guy holds up the beating heart in
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom and
then it it's still beating well the guys
going down into the lava pit and then as
he starts on fire the heart starts on
fire that's okay that that heart is
still beating out of his chest because
there's there's fucking voodoo magic
involved right there's a ritual yeah
this it's no one was told what to do
yeah that's the whole movie and you
could feel that you can feel that
awkwardness of the cameraman the
actresses the prop guy is like gun
dancing why doesn't it stop beating you
got to open it up and switch it off well
you never told me to make it
switch off after she pulled it out after
she took the first bite you know you
never told me that
keep filming I don't know what's going
on just fade out your spirit oh there's
lots of fade outs at the end of a ivory
scene I'm surprised that never happened
what like the actors were asking for
direction in the shots of the movie and
it's just left in yeah it's like that
part in samurai cow go back to samurai
cop again where the guys on fire and
they try to put the blankets over him
and he looks over at the camera to see
if they're still really
it's that wonderful the craft it's
perfect but yeah that's the only flaw is
that this the final act isn't isn't a
tour de force of glenn danzig greatest
failures in a final act that just hits
them it's a home run you know it's a
couple it's two home runs and then like
a like like a base hit and that's that's
what makes it not a great perfect super
funny bad movie yeah cuz you don't end
it on like a high note right so what
else but then we come back to our Crypt
Keeper
booberella and and she's like that last
segment had someone bathing in blood
now look I'm bathing in blood but not
really well after that what I need to
take five and what could be more
relaxing than a nice long
my hands have some blood on him look I
mean do we cut Glenn I think it is
vision he wanted her to sit in the
bathtub of blood because they could they
have the same set thing they're the same
prop I'm gonna reuse that prop and then
and then he envisioned her like sinking
into a bath of blood and she said I
don't want to do that
so there's a like like a plastic bucket
of blood
off-camera and then she says the line
and makes me want to take a bath and
dips her hands in it and goes see and
then it's like an hour on set all the
crew members are like that's it now what
else happens in and then they just wait
and then the movie I'm inclined to exit
Glenn Danzig didn't yell cut it so he
just kept rolling y'all cut and then
they run out of footage and then the
credits started and that's the end of
the film yeah
Veronica check it out
so that was Veronica yeah you can order
it on blu-ray or I guess it's on streaming, too
the fuck is calling?
I don't know.
I thought everybody was dead
landlines still work
well it's your turn
okay
if it's a debt collector I'm dead
Mr. Plinkett
what are you doing in Tijuana I'm sorry
what do you want me to do about it
Jay don't forget to wipe down the
fucking phone when you're done we can't
help you mr. plinkett we boarded up your
house bye good luck
hey you know what the worst part of this
whole coronavirus situation is Oh
collapsing industries possible
depression the staggering loss of life
no it's like Glenn Danzig won't be able
to make another movie for a long time
now did you wipe down the fucking phone
receiver properly as instructed by the
CDC manual not just the handle but the
receiver and the transmuter of the phone
receiver
