Jun 5, 2020
The Assistant and The Wrong Missy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DNDkx9pQxk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1269040844205588483
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10157487217377634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-the-assistant-and-the-wrong-missy

Half in the bag.
Calgon take me away.
Calgon is a space alien.
well Jay
now the coronavirus is over I guess were stuck with a lot of products that have movie tie-ins for movies that will never be released
like w w eighty-four featuring
a lady what is this Oh Wonder Woman
yeah they print it up like a million
bags I guess why not use them oh my god
the movie comes out in movie theaters on
June 5th we've got to get our tickets oh
wait never mind what's a movie theater
it's a now defunct place where a large
group of infected people would all go to
sit in the room together like you'd
watch a movie with strangers like a
bigger version of your living room yeah
and even though a lot of these movies
are ready to be released the studios are
scared to put them on streaming services
they'd rather wait for the large
diseased rooms to open back up yeah and
much more expensive to go to as well
that's why they're waiting but Studios
are gonna have a big surprise waiting
for them when these movie theaters never
open up again so Jay what are all these
movies that we're never gonna see Mulan
canceled due to coronavirus Candyman
cancelled due to coronavirus Wonder
Woman 1984 cancelled due to coronavirus
a quiet place to cancelled due to John
Krasinski the French dispatched directed
by Wes Anderson cancelled due to
coronavirus just watch one of his other
movies they're all the same the Fast and
Furious nine just watch for Wes Anderson
film they're all the same black widow
cancelled due to coronavirus spiral a
new saw movie starring Chris Rock venom
two cancelled due to who cares
Antebellum I don't know what it is but
it's never coming out somebody made it
and it's never coming out no time to die
canceled due to coronavirus what an
ironic title
because coronavirus how can any of those
movies compete with some of the quality
stuff on Netflix like the wrong Missy
that was supposed to get a wide
theatrical release did you know that was
canceled before coronavirus wrong Missy
created coronavirus I wish I could
social distance from the wrong Missy
mm-hmm I wish it would stay six feet
away from me or wear a mask
the fuck is this
is it like a poster for a terminator fan film
Oh terminator dark fate
remember that
why wasn't that canceled due to coronavirus
well it's funny actually the dark fate connection because that's a very that was marketed it is a very female driven action movie
and we're doing a female-driven episode
we're talking about two very different
ways you can portray female characters
in your movies that's right while we eat
our Wonder Woman Cool Ranch Doritos and
regular Doritos we're talking about -
female movies one we liked I presume and
one we absolutely loved so Jeb got some
paper I see that so old I print out
paper there's a lot of information on
these papers and it's hard to read all
that on your phone okay so that's what
breaks off paper look at me you know you
can change the size of the text on your
picture is zooming in and stuff so we'd
have two films the assistants and the
wrong Missy we watched it both our
pro-feminist
[Music]
and I just noted some interesting things
the the wrong Missy a 37% critics score
and high that high and a shocking that's
what I'm going to talk about 52%
audience rating and then the assistant
91% critics 25% audience okay and so
with the wrong Missy I printed up quotes
which we could play over the trailer of
positive reviews and then the assistants
I printed up quotes of negative all
right reviews and we're our first film
is the assistant welcome whatever is
going on you can tell me that's what I'm
here for nothing happens in this movie I
literally mean nothing an assistant does
her job and goes home a movie that went
nowhere from start to finish
don't waste your money or time you might
as well just livestream a real assistant
answering the phones for 90 minutes it
would be just as good of a movie very
bad
dry
no fucking Lube
what the hell did I just watch
I expected a lot more based on the trailer
in the words of
truly be the biggest of the BTM bees
this movie is a gassy fart I am a doctor
working in a hospital ICU during the
kovat pandemic and having spent my one
night off this week watching this not
only did I completely waste my time but
this was somehow the worst night of my
week you could tell me that while one
was from either movie and I wouldn't
know which one you were talking about
well that was that was the general
consensus among people was that the
assistant was boring and I understand
that I liked the movie but I can see
people well I don't know the first one
they say like literally nothing happens
so you pay attentions things happen it's
very subtle but I can see a lot of
people being bored by the movie even
though I thought it was pretty good
I loved this movie and we talked about
Willy Wonka recently and Mel Stewart the
director of Willy Wonka and the
Chocolate Factory the 1971 film was
primarily a documentary filmmaker and I
looked up the director of this she did a
couple of films and they're all kind of
feminist centric documentaries so it
makes sense that this movie has sort of
like a real-life documentary feel and of
course based on the trailer the trailer
does kind of lead you in the direction
that's going to be more of a thriller
mystery really I haven't seen the
trailer the trailer does what a trailer
needs to do get you to watch the movie
[Music]
[Music]
that's the problem with a movie like
this though when they try to make the
trailer exciting then you're gonna get
people more angry than they maybe
otherwise would be because they're
mislead yeah it's it's it's a typical
trailer where that's it keeps cutting to
like critics the most intense on your
edge-of-your-seat movie since Fast and
the Furious 9 you don't really get the
impression that it's a movie based on
Harvey Weinstein you were his ilk very
influenced by Harvey Weinstein
specifically because it's about a
powerful producer a film company yeah
yeah yeah you kind of get the impression
that there's gonna be some dramatic
twists and turns and stuff and it's very
straightforward there's not that by
design it's what works about it's it's
it's what makes it work yeah and I was
just sort of like it's sort of I was in
a trance watching it even though you
know nothing happens now certain viewers
nothing really does happen but a lot
happens and and it's done so so
intentionally mm-hm and it's done so
tastefully in a way where it's it's it's
like the one of the better horror movies
I've seen okay and there are so many
little tricks and so many things they
didn't show you it's the the it's the
you know that the jaws effect yeah well
and also the when people say like
nothing happens like it starts out it's
very almost documentary like or we see
it's one day of her working in this
office for a Weinstein like producer and
it's all done very like just everyday
mundane which is why when the creepy
Weinstein stuff starts to creep in
that's treated as sort of mundane every
a work and that's why it's interesting
like wouldn't the Weinstein stuff
started to break people were like I
don't nobody know how about you know
nobody knew this was happening when the
the dirty secret is that everybody knew
maybe not like now people post photos of
like Weinstein with like Oprah and like
Meryl Streep like they probably didn't
know but the day-to-day office worker
people they do and it just became a
boring mundane part of their job the
same as like making coffee or taking
phone calls and that's what makes the
movie effective is that it's all
presented as just something that's
become so normal yeah you mentioned the
beginning which takes the uber and so
yeah documentary you see her wake up the
actress will talk about the actress in a
minute um it's dark you don't know if
it's morning you don't know if it's
night you see her get up kind of go
through her routine she's leaving this
kind of dumpy house gets in a car and
has to go all the way into the city
she's driving into the city there's lots
of shots of you know the New York City
waking up and then you start to realize
oh okay she's going into work
she's going to work super fucking early
no dialogue
all shots
it could have been you know like it could have been her alarm goes off
Oh God
uh her mom calls it oh you still doing that yes
it's it's 5:00 in the morning and I'm
the one who has to go in and open up the
office mom you know exposition none of
that nothing we watch her go through her
morning routine she does all this stuff
in intricate detail all the little just
printing out things putting on people's
desks nobody has shown up yet and that's
like 20 minutes and there's like a
methodical nature to the rhythm of it to
like the editing and how long each shot
goes on yeah yeah it's sort of like
hypnotic yeah
similar to like a Gus Van Sant kind of
thing don't like a psycho remake like
the psycho rig may like Good Will
Hunting and movies like that yeah
finding Forrester well more so I'm
talking about last last days the Kurt
Cobain film the elephant the oven
usually mesmerised by the repetition the
tension you're waiting for something to
happen you're wondering where they're
taking you
they're not spelling everything out for
you but the the assistant follows
because I know everyone's going to try
to fast-forward past this to get to the
wrong Missy review but the assistant
stars Julia Garner
you know her from we are what we are we
are what we are
cannibal movies what wonderful film
directed by Jim Mickle yeah I know her
from the wonderful show Ozark Oh have
you watched Noah's Ark I have watched
Ozark and I've watched all the seasons
now and I'm all caught up so none of you fucking pricks on Twitter trying to spoil anything
Helen Pierce
whoops sorry I I took it out on about a
million people when only one person
spoiled 90-day fiance from people sorry
about that
I was arc viewers hopefully Jay will
bleep that spoiler out in editing I
can't believe it out from my brain
though cuz now I heard it but Ozark I
love it
Julie Garner plays Ruth a foul-mouthed
redneck who's helping Marty launder money
but in this she just say the f-word once
"I don't know shit about fuck."
and she plays a young intern at a film
company the annecy the New York wing of
a film come your way yeah which is
important because it's not when people
think like Hollywood film production you
think of like all the movies about
Hollywood films and like the big offices
with the big windows overlooking LA this
is the dumpy office building it's the
side of behind the scenes of the movie
industry that you don't even see in the
movies you think of like pee-wee's big
adventure when he's riding through all
the sets and I think that's what it
looks like but really like yeah the New
York production offices of a film
company that's multinational assuming
it's a Miramax kind of weinstein company
like one of those types yeah um where
yeah they do they're always talking
about going to LA and back and they have
production offices but really it's just
people like looking at spreadsheets and
it's disgustingly lit and it looks gross
and it doesn't that little room she
works in with the two other guys and it
doesn't look like a movie office set it
looks like a real dirty office yeah that
isn't quite polished and perfect and
what in the way everybody talks to each
other too is so mundane they're not
spelling anything out yeah it doesn't
have those big scenes you keep waiting
for it to have let's scene where she has
a big speech or she goes off on someone
and it never happens the biggest scene
in the film is when she goes to the HR
rep and you know which again is very
like you see here go down the stairs and
walk to the building next door then go
up the stairs and it's it's very very
methodical yeah
I guess we'll say spoilers if you know
if you want to watch the assistant and
enjoy it he will say spoilers but we
never see the boss
we never clearly hear him on the phone
it's always got this weird like
distortion or it's it's very distant all
of his activities are very distant and
it's very obvious - yeah - our lead at
the moment when she has to go meet a
girl on the elevator to give her her
earring back yep that's a great detail
no no nothing mentioned about it before
and she finds it and then she puts it in
her drawer she kind of knows why it's
there never seen the boss he's he's
untouchable he's mysterious she does her
best to say something but it's like what
are you gonna do yeah you're gonna lose
your job over this you stay quiet and
yeah everybody else is sort of willingly
ignorant about it when she goes to HR
and I found an earring in the office
today hearing forgive me
but are you often um cleaning things
office floor I mean we have a janitor oh
right I understood what it would be like
to be in that situation better from this
super mundane simple story than any sort
of like news headline yeah yeah it it
made you look at it from a different
perspective
like like you just said yeah news
headlines how everyone said why didn't
you say anything why didn't ever know
yeah and then you watch a movie like
this and you're like oh okay
the real version of it was creepy and
you really couldn't do anything about it
and so yeah there's a great movie I
really liked it and I was I was even
though as people said it was more
exciting to watch paint dry I disagree I
was I was like hooked like from start to
finish
and it's a short movie it's like 90
minutes yeah yeah that would be hard I
mean even as it is they could probably
still kind of function as a short film
but I think for me it's not gonna work
for everybody and if it's boring I
completely get it
sure because you watch a movie
it's it's on that line between being
preachy and being entertainment yes it
does have a message you know an
important strong message about this but
at the same time you want to entertain
people because it's a movie so it's
almost it's almost like watching a
documentary and without ever hitting you
over the head or or talking down to you
at all yes we never just here it is she
never walks in on the room when he's
assaulting a woman
we never see anything it's the perfect
example of things that we don't see her
scarier and she knows something's going
on but she's not quite sure you're very
separated there's a wall in between you
and that drama and everybody wanted that
drama they wanted her to take the door
open and see the Harvey Weinstein
you know assaulting some lady and her to
call the cops and all this drama to
happen and I'm gonna fire you and the
police his son's an assassin with a
laser scope just to shoot at her through
you know and she's driving in the tanks
Weinstein's behind there in the car
trying to run her out the road
instead she leaves the building and goes
and eats a muffin and if the Oscars
happen I think it'll get nominated for
some kind of Oscar or something yeah
it's probably a little too under the
radar I think so probably a little too
small of a movie it's got that it's got
that that hot button message though Jay
that's true that's true so now all we've
hadded three movies now because before
the only nominations were gonna be
trolls trolls world tour and what else
that we talked they rescinded the it has
to be played in theatres thing by the
way they did okay so that means that the
wrong Missy can get a nomination
speaking of the wrong Missy let's go to
commercial about what
alright Jay it's time to move on okay
you know these are positive reviews
these are reviews by award-winning film
critics that gave the movie a positive
tomato all right these are critic
reviews not user reviews critic reviews
okay of course skip the user reviews
these are these are paid off critter I
mean critics okay they want to get
invited to Adam Sandler premieres and
parties on it yeah I mean just regular
movie critics that gave the movie a
positive score here's some excerpts
wall-e show clips from the trailer
[Music]
I was vaguely amused here and there this
is every bit an Adam Sandler movie if
you're gonna watch this kind of movie
then you're gonna watch this kind of
movie the wrong Missy is like a comedic
Raiders of the Lost Ark Lauren lapkus is
the bolter the narrative is predictable
but the situation's are outlandish and
whacky enough to keep you invested
ultimately the wrong Missy is yet
another film of wacky somewhat likable
characters all run through the sadistic
wringer of comedy and a story that
survives on a handful of over-the-top
cringe-worthy moments that's a positive
review Sandler has packaged far worse
films for Netflix and watching the wrong
Missy it's easy to sit back and give
into the movies it is what it is this is
what they said about Casablanca I guess
people are desperate for anything in
these to run a virus times yeah people
need something light they need to laugh
they need to lift their spirits by
watching 60 year old David Spade and a
terrible wig get vomited on by a
horribly horribly unfunny actress
we'll just say right now this is an Adam
Sandler vehicle happy Madison since his
production company yeah mysteriously
every film ends up on a cruise ship or
in Hawaii where we've talked about this
before this is obvious he asked not
Netflix for money he has a deal with
Netflix to produce happy madison films
they don't go in theaters anymore
no they just go right on Netflix he gets
50 million dollars to make one of these
movies
what million of those dollars is spent
on the cast and crew and the budget and
the production and the other forty nine
million dollars goes to David Spade Rob
Schneider everybody's happy you know who
else is in the movie playing his because
it's David Spade is up for the big
promotion and he's got his rival that
rival woman that's Adam Sandler's wife
daughter is in the movie to have respect
for the island that would make sense
yeah they all got a nice trip to Hawaii
also in the movie
can we talk briefly do you know who Nick
Swardson is yeah Nick Suarez didn't
another one of Adam Sandler's horribly
unfunny friend he plays the friend
he plays a friend in this he had his own
happy madison vehicle a few years ago
called bucky larson born to be star
one of the biggest flops of all time and
he is uncomfortable to watch in this
movie because he looks not fat-shaming
he doesn't look fat he looks bloated
like coke bloat and his voice is all
raspy so it's good news bad news more
bad news your ex-fiance he's gonna be at
the retreat because it's not just that
he's like overweight it's like he looks
horribly unhealthy in a way I remember
Chris Farley hosted SNL like three
months before he died and I don't know
if you ever saw it it was so awkward he
was so like off and he looked terrible
Thank You Chris I've really learned some
lessons tonight you know what I've
learned I've learned lessons about
responsive people and it was like three
months later or maybe six months later
he died through the Artie Lange syndrome
yes yeah but he's in the movie cuz he's
their friends
and he's supposed to be he's playing the
typical role in these movies where he
have your main guy and the friend that
the main guy explains everything that's
happening in the movie - and he says
dude what yeah he's that role guys who
should be 25 yes not bloated cokeheads
40s no in their fifties or even sixties
I do yeah it's like yeah though that I'm
working my way up the corporate ladder I
got to impress the boss like David Spade
is like 58 years old this should be well
past thee I gotta impress the boss phase
I mean clearly they pulled this script
out of a dumpster maybe like the intern
wrote it or you know they always talk
about like like when when a production
company gets scripts and like an intern
s to read them
oh yeah and like 90 percent go on the no
pile and you know some go on the maybe
and as this is all the no pile and
that's like the top one was the wrong
Missy some high concept like trash
comedy okay how many locations how many
we should in Hawaii we should have my
wife be in it
yeah give the lead to my buddy David
Spade no one's right for any of us
nothing you could ever do would
disappoint me I love texting my dream
girl
texting that crazy girl okay well the
premise of the movie he meets two women
in a short span of time both named Missy
has a horrible blind date but she's the
most obnoxious person ever which would
be fine is like a singular scene where
she's just this weird creepy obnoxious
person she pulls out a naive she just
says bizarre things and then he meets
another woman with the same name and
then he accidentally invites the wrong
Missy to Hawaii corporate retreat the
other thing to mention is the other
woman is better for him she's like
perfect for him it's just you know and
just like age appropriate for age
appropriate she's reasonable normal they
have a nice conversation he they set up
that David Spade doesn't drink alcohol
neither does she they're both reading
the same book yada yada what you'd think
would be your soul mate yeah and then
there's a switcheroo where he
accidentally invites the wrong Missy to
the corporate retreat in Hawaii yes and
there is your premise and the
predictable script thing to do is Oh as
he gets to know the wrong Missy he
learns a little bit more about her and
he actually starts to fall for her this
is all given away in the trailer yeah
but the character is portrayed so obnoxious and so horrible that it's beyond absurd to think that he could ever actually fall for her
"What are you doing here?"
"What are you doing here?"
"I like the feel of that."
"I like the smell of that."
"Toast shit, no shit, oh shit."
"What?"
what the only way to make
that work is if you treated that absurd
the idea of him actually falling for her
but they force him that shitty happy
Madison like fake sentimentality stuff
halfway through the movie she's already
sexually assaulted him twice yeah David
Spade gets raped
he gets raped on a plane he gets raped
in their hotel room there's probably a
way to do that funny but everything is
just executed so awkwardly I think
that's the big standout in this movie
the big question mark is that we don't
know because you watch it and you're
like okay it's got it's got a pretty
typical comedy premise got it but if if
she played it much more toned down and
was just a little eccentric and did
really like embarrassing things like it
was really like stuffy kind of corporate
retreat and she was kind of a free
spirit and just did some kind of or
socially awkward socially awkward yeah
it but didn't take it she plays it like
she's just batshit like an insane person
and it becomes just obnoxious and it's
hard to watch like it's one of those
where you get like secondhand
embarrassment for the actors kind of
yeah and and I don't know if it's a
situation this is the question mark put
a big old question mark on the screen
I don't know if it's a situation where
they just said Lauren lapkus just go
crazy the director I looked up is like
some kid who looks like he's 18 years
old it's not one of the usual Adam
Sandler movie directors no it's like
some guy who was like 20 and who's
directed like comedy shorts for like the
Internet and somehow he's helming this
movie
[Music]
probably paid any 50 bucks you get the
OIE hundred out they hang out with Nick
Suarez did
[Applause]
the movie is a comedy vehicle for this
Missy character and the humor is not
funny the portrayal in the first half is
so obnoxious that there's absolutely no
way you can get on her side in the
second half when they're supposed to
really fight it's very difficult and
there's a there's a shift in her
behavior to where she becomes a little
less obnoxious and that's when he starts
kind of falling for her and it's like
what it's not motivated by anything yeah
like the shift is because his boss they
got the movie got one joke one laugh for
me I didn't want a coffee Oh should I
drink it I don't care yeah I think about
it made me laugh the boss has an
assistant guy who comes up with the
coffee yeah and then it happens again
and then you expect the third time is we
desperately need coffee
well you know no it never comes back
this is this hilarious comedy situation
that we've set up randomly really needs
a cup of hot coffee and then cut to him
you know smoking a joint out on the
beach yeah something I was like woo I do
to comedies and threes where's the third
where is the cop what is the point of
the coffee setup they had to cut that
scene so they could have more hilarious
hijinks with Lauren lapkus yelling stop
using that voice that big a bad husband
floppy bags but what I was gonna say is
that the boss she liked hypnotizes him
she's a hypnotist too in addition
because she's weird and does all these
things so that's like David Spade starts
to turn around to liking her when she
hypnotizes his boss into liking him so
it's not anything like selfless or good
that she's done sure then there's that
scene where she tries to have an awkward
threesome with his ex fiance oh yeah but
yeah that and then they're like having a
threesome they keep kicking her in the
face joke is that she just
kicked in the face a lot I guess
[Music]
I don't have a punch line just have her
leave yeah so he chooses to have sex
with Missy and he keeps kicking her off
the bed but he doesn't accidentally it's
an accident maybe one thing if he like
forced her out in a comical way but it
would be its accidental but it's also
supposed to be on purpose I don't know
yeah there's probably 47 other ways you
could you could do the scene where he
gets rid of the ex in a funny way yeah
but that said she just keeps
accidentally getting kicked in the face
and then just decides to leave I guess
it's funny that she was trying to
participate in the three-way but kept
getting knocked off the bed let's talk
about Rob Schneider's before oh my god
Rob Schneider shows up in this film
that's what I'm talking about let's get
this was he wet I think they realized
that he can't play ethnic characters
anymore because in all be here Adam
Sandler movies he's like Chinese he's
like Middle Eastern they can't do that
anymore so now he's just man you know
what I really despised in the whole
movie like this really shows the
laziness is there corporate retreat yeah
they put up the name of the company is
credit of America something like that
it's just like the worst fake company
name and I put up a banner and it's just
like this generic font and it's just
credit of America like Bank of America
times new roman' not oh yeah and it's
it's like they couldn't even come up
with like a cool like original company
name like it was like software company
yeah they have to be sent kind of
corporate II yeah financial consultants
or something it's just credit of America
whatever whatever the bare minimum to
try and trick Netflix into thinking
they're making a real movie yeah
[Music]
this is not who I thought she was she's
free at that at this stage of the game I
met acceptance to where I realized that
there is an audience for this we've
talked about our buffet analogy oh yeah
we're Netflix can everyone everyone wins
I guess the only real losers here is a
very slim percentage of the audience
that will turn on the wrong Missy
without watching the trailer what
thought without knowing anything about
it
and just watch it then they're truly
wasting their time because if you watch
the trailer you know everything you need
to know you know everything you need to
know you say all this looks terrible
even a trailer can't make this movie
look good yeah so you watched if you
watch if you're dumb enough to watch the
movie after watching the trailer that's
on you and there's there's there's a
whole bunch of people who will watch
this because it's a turn off your brain
you know it's good there there's a lot
of those comments escapism it says
there's a couple of funny parts but
they're the Hawaii looks nice yeah you
know I don't have have to hear the term
social distancing there's a part on the
airplane when Oh an airplane and we had
a cameo by Hurley from lost can you do
me a huge favor and check my breath for
me what's that but I don't know if that
was a joke the fact that it's like the
lost guy in a plane Oh Robin oh I didn't
even think of that was my first reaction
and I was like there's no reason for him
to be there and he's not like a big-name
celebrity you are yeah it's I thought it
was a joke like it was like you take
that a step further and David Spade sits
down on the plane and OH looks around
and oh you know that's another actor
from lost that's another and you see all
the characters from lost on this plane
which was obviously doomed I thought
that was the joke but he was just a guy
yeah and so I was like that's pretty
funny joke is that they got the guy from
lost on a plane flying to a tropical
island but that wasn't the joke the joke
was I don't need to be a reoccurring
character but no the joke was does my
bra
smell bad I'm meeting a lady
it smells good
did you eat dogshit this morning
I'm just kidding you're good to go just
kidding man your breath smells fine okay
oh that was the joke that's a job yeah
well and then the wrong Missy shows up
and and while David Spade is sleeping
she starts giving him a handjob and I
was waiting you know we see Hurley
across the aisle watching this happen he
should have looked at the camera and
said this is worse than my last flight
[Laughter]
everybody got paid see I think I think
of movies like this have you ever seen
improv comedy
I hate improv okay not a like in a movie
when characters I have lived that can
work but you're talking about when you
go to an improv show and they say to the
audience give me a name give me a city
and give me an object's and then they
make a skit out of it yeah and I'm sorry
if I'm offending anyone but there's a
certain breed of human beings there's
regular people and then there's people
who laugh at improv and because I could
go to improv and I never laugh yeah I
guess they are putting their comedy in a
context sort of comedy needs to context
and comedy needs to be thought out yeah
you're more of a structure guy and
people acting silly or saying random
things or making stuff up on the spot
never funny to me and I could sit at an
improv show and not laugh at one bit and
there are people that just laugh at
anything he'll be underwater
your roommates but you won't be able to
understand me we're her mates
and that is the the target audience for
these kind of movies is people that
laugh at improv because improv is the
worst thing since cancer or or bagpipes
or coronavirus so people will watch this
as escapist humor it's it's going on
their television it's colorful someone's
yelling crazy things about poop or in my
hand smells like your butt crack or
lauren lapkus falls off a cliff at one
point i can't really think of any
redeeming qualities I mean you see you
see the resort that they're staying at
the whole time
Oh Sheriff film crew and Adam Sandler's
staying at and everybody's staying at
litem Sandler isn't there he's probably
off filming uncut gems when this was
made maybe which I guess we should
mention that briefly if we're gonna sit
on Adam Sandler some more oh yeah yeah
uncut gems is not an Adam Sandler movie
no uncle James very briefly you haven't
seen it right no it's a very good movie
I have nothing to say about it that
hasn't been said a million times already
but every seven or eight years Adam
Sandler does a real movie and everybody
says Oh Adam Sandler he's great in this
movie
Adam Sandler is very good in a very
specific type of role he's very limited
as an actor but when he's used
appropriately he's very good punch-drunk
love is one of my favorite movies
so uncut gems is the newest example of
that and but everybody always says after
these movies oh this is a turn for Adam
Sandler he's gonna start doing more and
then he does shit like this I know he's
not in it his company produced it he's
less involved whatever but he followed
up punch-drunk love with anger
management every time he does something
really good he Falls it up with garbage
uncut gems is not a cash cow no it's a
movie that filmmakers wanted to make
safty Brothers they're very talented
filmmakers and and they knew that Adam
Sandler his personality would be
appropriate for that character and it is
and he's really good they've sought him
out yeah I was trying to think of the
wrong this he was worse or better than
Jack and Jill
I think it was better than Jack and Jill
it is I mean that's not saying much Jack
and Jill though like I think when we
talked about that that didn't even feel
like a movie no this feels like someone
had a script it's a very generic script
but it's a script
it's got somewhat of a structure to it
yeah not necessarily to the the jokes
there's not really any well-crafted
jokes but this is story wise it's
serviceable and it didn't feel too
sleazy in terms of like product
placement I remember Jack and Jill was
more like there's like Pepsi and
pepto-bismol yeah Jonah it's called
Caribbean welcome to Royal Caribbean
cruise line yeah I think well I think
that's the only way they could get those
movies made because those are like
theatrical productions they're doing the
Netflix things they're cheaper to make
they don't have to do as much shoehorn
in product placement yeah yes yeah yeah
that's true yeah but it's still not
anything that anyone should ever watch
no yeah there is like a lower stakes
element to it as opposed to like Jack
and Jill wick we saw that in the theater
they know and this has that like oh it's
just another dumb thing on Netflix
sounds like the stakes are lower you're
not ruining a franchise you're not
remaking the classic comedy you know
plus I remember I just remember this
Jack and Jill was the budget for it was
like seventy million dollars I can
guarantee this movie didn't cost that
much right
"Maybe I'll take a shit, too."
mmm don't have to yeah you never know
I'll push well Jay would you recommend
no Mike would you recommend though if
you've watched everything else on
Netflix like literally everything else
and you just need something to pass 90
minutes still don't watch it
[Music]
well Jaya we're back in business
business is booming
I had a client caller earlier today and
he said he did watch everything on
Netflix oh so he went downstairs and he
found his great great great great
grandfather's VHS tapes oh and he found
all these movies from the late nineties
that he hasn't seen so he dusted off
this box
that his great-great great-great grandpa
called a VCR and he wanted us to fix it
now this young man was born in 2017 and
he says before he goes off to college he
wants to watch these movies from 2008
these classics these vintage classics on
VHS and he wanted us to fix his VCR and
I've gotten maybe 30 phone calls like
this oh the catalogs of Amazon Prime
Netflix Hulu Apple plus all the string
boosters they've watched it all all
these young kids today they've watched
all of the programs and they want to
watch something called Jeremy McGuire on
a VHS cassette and they want us to fix
their VCRs and you know what I told him
Jay right in the very end of that call I
said let me get out my appointment book
let me get out my pen and I told him
that we couldn't do it Oh God
I finally made it home from Mexico
oh my god
it's just how I left it oh oh I'm so
relieved
I was sure those two knuckleheads were
gonna trash the place
[Music]
oh no I left my wallet in Tijuana sir
get off my shoe sir that's my shoe
