Jun 17, 2020
Rawhead Rex and Neil Breen's 5 Film Retrospective
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQS_bX3sX8s
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1264926795419312133
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10157450306562634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-neil-breens-5-film-retrospective-and-rawhead-rex

half in the bag hi this is Neil breed
goodbye I've never lost the passion
always had it I have no idea where the
passion comes from my family's not in
the business I don't have any relatives
in the business that was pretty awesome
hi Rodney you know what you guys my
friends Betsy
Rodney Gabe I love you guys you guys we
go way back
hey [ __ ] will you shut the [ __ ] up
over there me and my buddies are only on
our three of this five hour Neil Green
filmmaking course I just started this to
of this home printed DVD are in standard
definition just shut up
hey why aren't you in any of your stupid
friends where your [ __ ] masts like
you're supposed to cuz we're social
differences it's distancing you [ __ ]
[ __ ] and you're supposed to be at least
six feet apart unless you're wearing a
mask then you could do whatever you want
wrong I heard that masks don't do
anything yeah well I heard that masks do
something oh yeah well I read that
coronavirus is gonna be like HIV and
it'll never go away
oh yeah well I read that we're supposed
to get a vaccine or a cure as early as
this summer I read that we're never
gonna get a vaccine and that masks and
social distancing will be a part of our
lives for the next 200 years
oh yeah well I read that coronavirus is
gonna completely die off in the summer
months when it's warmer oh yeah well I
read that temperature has no effect on
coronavirus well I read that eventually
80 to 90 percent of us are gonna get
coronavirus anyways no matter what we do
then we could have heard mutiny oh yeah
well I read if we all stay home destroy
the economy and ruin our lives
my 99 year old grandma will live to be
99 and a half yeah okay well I read that
staying at home and stay
safe is helping to flatten the curve I
read that in an article I read an
article that said stayin at home or not
staying at home the number of new
infections and deaths have been exactly
the same well what does it matter they
said that if you get coronavirus you
could still get it again
up to 10 times wrong I read on Facebook
that if you get it then you've got
antibodies and you can't get it again
unless it mutates in the fall into
either 2 or 200 strains they're not sure
which ends wrong I heard up to 2,000
strains wrong also if people leave their
homes then new coronaviruses are created
and not just in the Chinese wet markets
in my wet pants oh yeah well I read that
the majority of people getting sick are
the ones staying home oh yeah well I
read that staying home doesn't
necessarily make you safer because the
more you're at home the more susceptible
you are to the virus you know because
you're not building up a tolerance yeah
that's what I just said huh hey we're on
the same page that's pretty cool we
agree with something
hashtag alone together hashtag in this
together
hashtag alone apart together hashtag
times off hashtag we got this hashtag
stay inside stay alive hashtag forever
at home hashtag no job no prob hashtag
think about Grandma
hashtag eyes on breen wow I've got many
scripts scripts for all my films got a
lot of script that has nothing to do
with coronavirus what are you talking
about J yeah this filmmaking video
course documentary is great you want to
watch it and talk about it sure you got
five hours I do but only if you talk
about raw head Rex with me I just got
the blu-ray in the mail and but oh god
oh [ __ ] I didn't wash my hands I didn't
clean the [ __ ] packaging it came in
oh my god and I used the DVD case as a
dinner plate
[Music]
I think I've got coronavirus well Mike
we've reached that point of quarantine
where you watch raw head wrecks mm-hmm I
think it's an important part of
flattening the curve doctor foul cheese
talked about it he has brought up raw
head rock yes it's the favorite film it
is it is and we've literally run out of
things to watch there's TV shows
obviously and I'm not talking about any
TV shows I'm watching ever again
why's that [ __ ] spoil things for you
on Twitter
seems someone any [ __ ] spoiled 90-day
fiance for me I was just about to watch
it he told me Lana was real well now you
ruined it for me
whoops so I'm currently watching the
very good show uh and I love it and I
would love to talk about it but I'm not
going to okay ever again
fair nose I have not finished the
current season I'm on and some [ __ ]
will say could you believe that this
happened so you ruined it for everybody
all because a 90 day fianc√©
so we are forced to watch a 40 year old
movie this is the most random thing
we've ever done on half of the bag a
self-made documentary filmmaking course
by the one and only Neal bream which is
a new release so Glee a new release it's
it's worth doing a half on the bag on
yeah and this might be somewhat new
because it's obviously a blu-ray came
out in the last year or two yeah I
bought it because I had never seen the
movie and over the years you've
mentioned it offhand randomly here and
there well yeah real quick I've not a
history with rawhide Rex but fond
memories of it being on channel 50 it
would play this I'm like Saturday
afternoon and I would catch it all the
time the children's show like Barney or
something
like that I would catch it as a kid and
it used to terrify me hmm and how did
that hold up it did not mean like just a
hair
this is basically a monster his name's
rawhide Rex yes and he goes around he's
resurrected he predates Christ and he
goes around and he trashes this small
Irish community and kills people yes not
necessarily to eat them like a monster
but just to be evil
there were several shocking scenes that
I remember that are burned into my brain
particularly a scene where rawhide Rex
bites the neck of a priest
this was on television as a kid and on a
Saturday afternoon yeah and then there's
a part where he kind of attacks a
trailer park and that's yeah the best
stuff in the movie is this big stupid
looking guy in a monster costume just
trashing things I think this came up
when we were watching it is Zach vs. raw
head Rex
oh yeah we're sure
sorry Rodney I couldn't think to just
grab you may I have your permission to
touch yours at shirt
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
that running into raw head Rex in a
pharmacy mmm that'd be cinematic gold so
it'll be a contest of who could trash a
room better
zat rah had Rex or Orson Welles
[Music]
[Music]
we're just Tommy Wiseau fit into this
you think it's possible because the
Tommy Wiseau has like a mysterious
background do you think he might be the
guy in the raw head rex costume
anything's possible literally in this
world
but yeah the this the the scary scenes
from raw head rex as a little kid
watching it I was so terrified for some
reason it was scarier than other horror
movies for me and and then Rafa trucks
vanished from my life
I think advantage from everyone's life
and so just really a movie that has
stood the test of time
and it's not it it's not best of the
worst bad movie but it's not a great
horror movie either that's what I wanted
to point out it's not a best of the
worst worthy movie it's not review
worthy because it's not one that either
of us particularly loved I've never even
seen it before so we're just talking
about it here we're stuck inside we're
revisiting it and it is worth a watch
it's kind of a fun movie to put on like
I guess you don't have parties or
get-together cent anymore it's a fun
movie to watch by yourself in your house
with your cat
[Music]
but yeah the it's well-known enough I
guess to get a blu-ray release it's not
super obscure we thinking in a blu-ray
release found true but it is nice to see
old trash movies in high definition
oh yeah and it makes you appreciate even
like the shitty B movies from that era a
lot of them still have like an element
of craft to us as opposed to like
current like [ __ ] that you find on like
Amazon Prime like modern like shot up
camcorder movies yeah I so terrible yeah
yeah and this this is a fairly well put
together movie except for the costume of
the main villain but something to note
screenplay by Clive Barker Clive Barker
yeah a famous horror writer and I looked
up after we were done watching dead I
looked up on IMDB the year it was made
and then I looked up when Hellraiser was
made because Clive Barker wrote and
directed Hellraiser that I assumed that
he saw the final cut of raw head rex and
said yeah maybe uh maybe I'll take care
of this myself next time
and then turned out to be the case I did
a little more research on it yeah I
think we read that the monster was
supposed to look totally different in
the script he his head was just raw meat
yeah kinda nightmarish I read up on
because it's based on a short story by
Clive Barker and then yeah his original
idea with that and with the movie is
that it would be the monster would be
very phallic it would just look like a
giant dick with a head made out of meat
and the original story the the whole
idea they're all head Rex is that eased
like the physical manifestation of just
like male sexual urge like at its most
raw and primal so he goes around and
when we were watching the movie we were
like he's just killing randomly what is
this but in the original story he kills
men and he rapes women which is why when
you watch the movie there's that he's
about to attack a woman and then he
realizes she's pregnant and he backs off
and it takes a woman to defeat him at
the end yeah this weird like fertility
statue and the reason is that he's like
powerless against like a pregnant woman
because all he cares about is this is
sex he's like the sexy demon that makes
more sense now and also sounds a lot
creepier
yeah like Barker ish the kind of like
weird sex and violence connection right
and then that's a much more interesting
premise and it's it's like vaguely
represented in the movie cuz very
vaguely raw head Rex has the ability to
kind of brainwash people or create
followers and there's a priest very
early on in the movie he's kind of he's
kind of given the the eye to some lady
and the congregation and um and then he
gets the raw head Rex red eye glow and
he's cool effects that uh yeah I know
and and then he becomes just like an
enraged like crazy person it's some of
the best lines and best line delivery in
the movie yeah
stairs [ __ ] it also makes sense that
he's a raging like giant penis because
there is a scene where he ejaculate Saul
over the priests in a graveyard see I
think he's pissing on the priests it
looked white okay they keep it very wide
maybe they wanted to get it past the
censors where it's supposed to be a Jack
elation but it looks like piss
why why piss I think a wide enough shot
was was warranted there because of maybe
I would it the censors had an Iron Man
what does he is he's pissing on him
what's going on oh it's fine just keep
rolling so the movie will be over yeah
something get out of here haha I've got
a dinner reservation at 5:30 come oh who
cares no one will see this film anyway
the Irish censorship board it is kind of
weird the movie takes place in Ireland
and the main character is like a
American photographer that's there with
his wife and kids to author authors not
a photographer I'm sorry author he's
taking pictures so that's one thing I
know but he him and his wife for
American but their two children or Irish
do they have accents they had Irish
accent they didn't they did have to see
somebody to church about this side okay
some horrific things happened to the son
in the film yeah tell that little
they're their kind of bad parents I kind
of forgot that that main guy was the
protagonist at a certain point in the
movie because he's kind of vanishes for
a while he's a very function l'esprit
he's very boring but uh they're leaving
town and we're like is the movie coming
to a conclusion what is happening in
this halfway through the movie they just
leave the town and then the daughter has
to go piss and so they say yeah go out
there in the woods by yourself it'll be
fine
oh she's okay I'll go on minty where the
husband says I'm gonna go out there and
look and then the little girls not
looking at the girl pee no no keep an
eye keep an eye on her yeah sorry those
plays weird but
[Music]
I'm gonna keep an eye on her out there
and she the girl gets spooked by a dead
rabbit and the mom comes out and then
rawhide Rex attacks the car
[Music]
because they don't really show him died
there's a bunch of blood but raha Drex
was covered in blood and then they see a
shoe on the ground so I thought oh maybe
rod Rex just smeared blood all over the
car
the kid shoe fell off and he's going to
turn up at the end looks like dad just
being held in a like a web by rawhide
Rex like he's gonna eat him later kinda
thing and no he's just dead the police
just rule it they're like I'm sorry your
son got killed they get over it pretty
quick though they don't seem to be
two-faced for the rest of the film that
their son was just eaten by a giant
phallic monster right I'm trying to
think of his reasoning for killing a
little kid trying to think well why is
even out there he's been surrounding
this town in this little trailer park
area which we got talked about the
trailer park but for some reason the the
the main family decided to leave the
town there well out in the countryside
and rah had rex is just there we're not
gonna get a really strong plot here and
we reach it dot there's a premise this
is a movie with a premise and not really
a plot because raw head rex the movie
opens with a bunch of irish guys trying
to remove a giant obelisk in the middle
of his cornfield
the cats that looks that looks very
phallic that big statue yes your so than
rawhide Rex himself
yeah and then they can't they can't they
can't lower the giant erection
it is a boner that will not stop
and so then lightning strikes a rod Rex
is buried underneath it that's a cool
shot when had Rex first pops up and
there's the lightning in the background
oh yeah yeah there's the scene that
makes this scene make more sense
that's a teenager this oh yeah really
he's been very forceful being very
persistent in trying to have sex with
his girlfriend so much to where they go
out to the woods and he keeps pushing
and pushing and trying and she won't
have any of it because she's scared she
hears a giant roaring monster in the
distance that's a bit of a turn-off
unless you're Clive Barker
horndog aspect there lots of not just
though that those two characters but
throughout the whole movie lots of
really awkward kissing yes lots of lots
of awkward kissing these actors had
never kissed anyone before yeah the main
couple they're like older parents and
they're just like open mouth kissing
with tongue on the street and it's like
sucking on her teeth yeah there's a lot
of kissing and then there's a lot of I
want to say a lot of nudity there really
isn't there's one scene that's
incredibly awkward scene hilarious no
strong female characters is all just men
to the very end until the very end when
the male characters is down and out by
raw head racks than his wife has no idea
what the [ __ ] is going on just comes in
and has the statue and like holds it up
to the air like he-man
maybe she as she was approaching she saw
him holding up the statue and then
finally she arrived all you need is that
one shot of her going yeah - just to
know that she got that information that
he was trying to do something by holding
that thing up but they forgot to shoot
that yeah so yeah I'm okay with it
and then she unleashes an angel a
fertility angels fertility God it had
masters of the universe through man
powers electrical sparks at rod rice
[Music]
[Applause]
but the real star of the movie is not
not the story not the definitely not
special effects because rawhide Rex the
the face looks okay in certain shots but
a lot of times it looks like just a
stunt guy running around in a rubber
mask he doesn't move like creepy or
scary like a monster lumbering or
anything it just looks like a guy
wearing a Halloween mask but that makes
the room thrashing scenes much funnier
yeah trailer park thrashing scenes when
he's wrecking that trailer park it's
great
[Music]
I mean you know I'm happy the costume
looks bad because that's the highlights
of the movie yeah one of our criteria
for a good b-movie is its constant
refreshment and not huge stretches of
boring before something happens and this
one there's enough raw head Rex action
to kind of keep you in into it yeah I
kept waiting probably the big exposition
dump because and we never really get it
we never get that long boring scene
where they explained who ride Rex is and
where he came from they kind of they
kind of spread it out throughout the
movie a little bit here and there but
gosh we have to justify why we're
talking about this movie in some way I
don't know if I if I would recommend it
it's not a hidden gem but but it's
mildly entertaining some mildly
entertaining there's some fun scenes and
if you're watching lots of B movies like
we do you got to you got to watch this
one
to file it away in your rolodex of
knowledge of B movies in your brain yeah
some point have you seen raw head rocks
you say yes I have
that's a deep cut yes I have it'd be a
fun double feature with Hellraiser just
to see the drastic difference in quality
mm between like you watched maybe
watched hell raiser first CC like oh
this is Clive Barker's vision and then
you watch a raw head Rex afterwards and
then you have a better understanding of
why he may tell razor
that's probably somebody's favorite
movie every movie is someone's favorite
movie right there's probably someone out
there that really loves the raw head Rex
and is upset that we're not praising it
more someone who's pretty metal guess
because rawhide Rex looks like he's in a
big war might be in his 60s he still
lives with his mother
yeah and he gets really angry he works
as like a maintenance man and doesn't
talk to people this neighbor says weird
but he takes care of his mother who's
elderly gets her medications and he just
fantasizes that he's are all head Rex
and he just like watches the scene or
rawhide Rex
flips over a trailer and and kills a
lady by ripping her shirt off I mean
this goes [ __ ] metal he was in a band
raw head racks wouldn't put up with this
[ __ ] right yeah dresses up as a maybe
has a tattoo
ooh bride Ruxin well not right now I got
to look this up and see if somebody on
the internet has a raw head Rex tattoo
if so I will post it here
[Music]
Oh
well it's five hours later after
finishing raw head Rex we we popped in
our two disks Neal Breen DVD our laser
printed special edition of the Neal
Breen thigh feature film retrospective a
Neal Breen film WWN EO Breen five films
common in this retrospective he talks
about at one point he has a section on
distribution and he is an expert on
distribution clearly if you want one of
his films you have to go to a different
website for each different film you have
to scroll through the page and try and
find where the link to purchase it is
you can't just buy them all from the
same store we can't you can't buy films
like digitally well that devalues them
that's not a real film okay Neal Breen
is a professional you know how have you
been able to write produce direct act
and self fund five theatrical
independent feature films that's written
and directed and edited and starred in
five
professionally made feature films yes
yes he said many time he says that a
couple of times throughout this
five-hour retrospective I made five
indie feature films five theatrical
independent feature films self-funded
written produced and directed five
theatrical feature films yeah and and
one thing you pointed out which we
should point out at the start of this
discussion is that this is not a
documentary it is a it is a filmmaking
course it is much like a class where he
teaches you how to make a film is it
though well now his mind is that what is
nice to be that's the key phrase Jay is
in his mind and also the level of irony
in everything this is just it's
mind-blowing he is teaching you how to
properly distribute your film and he's
mailing out
dr's in a jewel case in in 2020 now in a
jewel case that I don't even know those
still exist and and this is not cheap
that was a hundred and eighty dollars
one hundred and sixty dollars and and
normally I would say something like this
is a scam but I think Neal Breen is way
too genuine for that I think he thinks
in his mind that this is a valuable like
filmmaking course this is every step of
making a movie and now he has done it
almost like one of those like I've done
it and it'll work for you to where he
thinks this is a valuable learning tool
yeah which is why I mean it's cheaper
than a college film course only only 160
dollars you can't fight a special effect
that I did I built this picture to crash
and collapse around my head but the
production value that that has I think
is very high the the irony is is that
he's teaching you how to make films but
while you're watching this thing is
terrible production quality and terrible
inconsistent audio but it came time in
fact I shot Double Down and I shot I am
here now while I was still full-time
employed as an architect I shoot nights
and weekends and vacations and it's
framed awfully and there's there's just
billions of technical errors weird
frames in in in his newly shot footage
and then he cuts to the footage from his
movies yes and they speak for themselves
they speak for themselves but he he's in
his like editing suite and then it cuts
to him in his living room get used to
that living room those are the two like
main spots that he cuts back and forth
and both have different audio but I just
really thought it's something they would
really I would really find fulfilling an
analogy like he's not even wearing like
a live mic and there's one part where
someone is fussing with the camera
and I could hear it so then it's really
and it's weird that someone's behind the
camera yeah who is that the way it's
shot looks like he set it up himself and
couldn't see I'm gonna guesstimate where
I'm sitting in the shot
yeah but there's actually a cameraman
and it's like okay rule 1 of like
interview you know the head and
shoulders kind of shooting right yeah
yeah you want a nice soft background you
you want you want some leading on the
left or right side of the frame you know
for titles or anything and then you kind
of want to shoot a little talking head
shot right
his is framed where you're the center of
your attention is his crotch don't want
to shoot an interview scene where you
have one third of the frame is headspace
and then the bottom half is him on his
couch with his legs spread open and it's
just like if this was a video about how
to win at the stock market it would be
okay but it's a video explaining how to
set up shots and a movie and the shots
are all poorly set up this section is
called lighting and what I'm trying to
present here is the importance of
lighting and the effectiveness of
dramatic lighting lighting is critical
to filmmaking and then the audios bad
and then yeah he's he's got like phantom
frame one frame in between so oh yeah
he's cutting to during one of the many
montages of clips from his movies that's
like yeah they're poorly assembled
there's a section called character
images which starts very briefly at the
beginning of that section he's talking
about casting and everything he says
throughout the whole thing is very like
obvious I cast films by posting
professional casting notices they have
responded with headshots and links and
resumes I review all of those I bring in
the people
that I think are interesting when you're
casting a film you need to look for
actors that can portray the characters
or it's like I can see them like
explaining this to some dumb relative
and like a Christmas dinner party it's
like okay maybe they would find this
interesting but anyone that has a
cursory knowledge of filmmaking would
know any of this stuff
Neal Breen is your uncle that won't
leave yes the holiday party it's the
best way to describe him but after he
talks about the casting then he goes
into a montage of I guess they're
supposed to be examples of character
images which is just like random clips
from his movies that goes on for
literally an hour which is kind of fun
cuz it's like a little highlight reel of
his movies but the whole documentary
comes to a screeching halt and it is an
hour of just shots and random bits from
his movies that I guess in his mind is
representative of good character
establishing I still don't know what
it's supposed to be it's very unclear
that's the pole quote I believe I have
some credibility I don't want to say
there's something wrong with him
he's clearly an intelligent man in other
areas of life because he explains in the
video I always knew he was a real estate
agent because I've seen his business
card image on the Internet mm-hmm but
he's also an architect yes he has a
degree in architecture that's one of the
few pieces of actual information you get
from this yes five hours is he explains
yeah he was an architect that's how he
made all of his money and then he
invested some of that money he had saved
into starting to make movies yeah that's
his first piece of advice when it comes
to getting your budget for your film is
get a real job I think if you've never
gone to film school which was my case I
think you'll find it as something that
will give you some insights into
creative ways to accomplish your
filmmaking goals get a real job
I wanted to say like okay we're in a new
world now right we have been for a while
where you've got the computer editing
home computer editing software you've
got high quality HD cameras that are
just a bit it's not like VHS days you
know even though people were still
trying to make features and and their
own films on VHS but now we're like
technologically really advanced where
people have high quality even on their
iPhones videos so really any schmuck can
make a movie
I give Neil Breen some credit for trying
to shoot his first film on actual film
and he can get a production going he can
get people that to work for him and he
doesn't do it for free he doesn't say
work for me for free yeah he wants to
pay everyone that's a part of his whole
process that's what you really get from
this is that he's very it's very
important to him to do everything very
professionally yeah
a professional theatrical feature film
professional casting notices in a very
professional way very professionally
it's kind of a contradiction because at
one point he says he does everything
exactly how the big studios do it but
then later he talks about how he he
doesn't have a crew the crew limited
yeah but he says like he doesn't have a
makeup person he doesn't yeah you know
he's a basically by the end you kind of
see his movies fall apart movie by movie
unintentionally but he's showing like a
montage of like photos and
behind-the-scenes footage and he see
like double down his first film
he's shooting on 35 millimeter you see
all these C stands and lights and crew
members everywhere and then you get to
twisted-pair and it's like him in his
garage with a prosumer camera which is
why now I think he's looking for an
investor for his next film because he
realizes he wants to advance and he
can't do that with the movies he's been
making I really I'm looking forward to
getting involved with an investor or
investors for my next film he's
fascinating a person in a way but he's
also very very transparent because he
he's clearly an intelligent person who's
a well he's not like a scatterbrain you
know you could tell he knows how to just
organize everything yeah
and he has a vision and I'll put that in
quotation marks he has a vision of what
he wants to do but at the same time you
know he's he's not a talented person and
he's very incompetent at making movies
which is the perfect storm or a bad the
bad b-movie guy yeah you have to be
delusional and he's completely
delusional in terms of the quality of
his movie and he's also he's got a large
dose of narcissism there this is a
screening in Paris France
twisted care
there were two thousand seven hundred
people in the audience at this single
screen of twisted-pair because of not
only a subject matter of his movies
which is which is him it's like this the
savior of humanity all the time he's
always above TVs he's beyond humans all
these people are the corporations and
politicians and their greed and I am an
alien who's just here to teach people
the right way and or maybe a robot or
something
robot everyone I'm he's a god you know
and so clearly he's full of himself and
you could definitely see that by
watching the video you don't need to be
a body language expert or anything he's
he's very proud of the fact that he's
made five feature-length professional
film what you mean is he wrote directed
edited and starred in five
professionally made feature films that
have all made a profit they every one of
them said new we want to show your film
we know all about you blah blah blah not
one theater in the world said Neil can
you send us a screener for twisted-pair
we like to see if it's worth showing not
one theater did that you're mentioned
the clips when it comes time to show the
character images whatever that means
uh-huh he's he's just Olin this seems
good and this you know he's just
thinking that oh I have to put this in
there to put this is so good this is so
gay and it just goes on forever but the
contrast is when we're seeing these
clips from his movies and he's talking
about putting them together the
voice-over that he's recorded for him
seems to be like the onboard mic on his
camera and you can hear the audio from
his movies or his behind the scenes
footage that's clearly coming from a
television very typical very
representative the shots in my films
we're just rehearsing here and blocking
this Center
it's like he edited together this
montage of clips and then just recorded
a voiceover while watching it on TV with
the volume ups like the volume up
slightly so and it's it's slightly out
of sync so it's one of those things
where it's like yeah he's very organized
but within that organization nothing
makes sense yeah there's a section on
special effects
[Music]
here's a whole section on the second
disc where he talks about his special
effects but that entire section is him
showing off props that he built which
are not special effects but he's very
very proud of those props the his were
buried in sand in the desert up to their
necks I want to hear him talk about his
amazing green screen effects
he doesn't really go into that there's
parts where he outright lies
this International newsroom is a set
that I designed and built well here we
are with the character coming up to the
petroglyphs and meeting the tiger that's
a real tiger I mean it is a real tiger
technically but he makes it sound like
it was actually there yeah I think it's
trying to say that it's not a CGI Tiger
but but he's not good at explaining
things which is what you want and
someone that's making a a tutorial on
how to make films in truth yeah oh these
are the books I used in April findings
no more books no more books no more
books no more books
this is something we would not recommend
I mean maybe if you're like a super Neil
Breen fan I think it's that's the thing
is like it's five hours long or five and
a half hours long and you have to sift
through a lot of boring stuff with him
sitting on the couch saying very obvious
things but there's these little glimpses
into his psyche yeah where you really
start to understand where he's coming
from and how he views himself yes and
then you're like just does he know that
there and they don't they're there to
laugh at his movie right and he seems to
either not understand that or just
blocks it out maybe he's because the
fact that he's in a theater full of
cheering people watching his movie he's
just focusing on that and ignoring the
the context of it or something I mean if
you are very serious about your films
and and from all accounts he is as we
know some people who run film festivals
and who have communicated directly with
Neil Breen yeah he's very particular
like he says his movies are not midnight
movies I tell the theaters what time to
screen the film I said I want my films
shown in normal early evening 7:30 or
8:00 p.m. time slot whatever your normal
is I do not allow my films to be shown
at midnight or late night cult movies he
makes a point of mentioning that when
he's talking about distribution yeah he
won't let it play at midnight he doesn't
make cult movies he makes professional
feature films he's made five of them yes
in that mindset though how do you sit in
the back row of a theater well your film
is playing and an audience will be
laughing yeah and how do you process
that it's like the troll to documentary
with the Italian filmmaker oh yeah who
who made the movie who came started to
come to some of the screenings yeah
[Music]
what do you think about amazing he
thought like oh my gosh - you know troll
- is taken off and it's becoming popular
I'm gonna come to some of this and then
he realized that they are laughing at it
try no leader no soul or the
queer-looking Kaimuki said a ghost
readable fairy there you need annoying
teddy cozy kid no matter no fact a
period a not do you think if you it was
I did a very good movie then you could
also kind of factor in the Tommy Wiseau
syndrome or situation where clearly he
was making a dramatic film that failed
and that turned into a cult movie and
then of course he backtracked saying it
was a black comedy and then just cashed
in like no one's business being fully
aware probably that the movie you know
so it was a midnight movie that people
laugh at yeah Neal Breen I don't know I
don't know I gotta say there that I do
kind of admire that in a way the fact
that he he's remained pure he hasn't
embraced the the schlock aspect of his
movies and tried to play it up in a way
like Tommy was so has like everything
Tommy was so was tried to do since the
room is just like [ __ ] awful he did
that neighbors sitcom which is
unwatchable that's him trying to be like
funny bad so it was lightning in a
bottle yeah Neil Breen has had five
feature-length professional lightnings
in a bottle yes and he has not let any
of the even though he has to know even
if he doesn't acknowledge it he has to
know that there are people [ __ ] like
us out there watching and laughing at
his failures and it has not deterred his
vision at all if he's if it his goal
like cuz now he wants to find a
financier someone to invest in his film
he's not doing crowdfunding he's not you
know you want to do a real yes investor
which by the way
Neal Breen you know call us oh sure what
do you need what do you need what do you
need for yourself talk let's make this
happen
what do you need what do you know what
do you need call us but but but that's
my other point as I feel bad talking
about this it's almost like let me make
an analogy Jay okay do you remember the
mill Vereen yes
okay my you already know where I'm going
with my analogy but our audience might
not in Milwaukee there was a local
legend called the mill Vereen that
everyone would spot we would spot him
going to the old studio pass him on the
street it was this guy and he would walk
14 miles he does every day that was his
point A to point B no one knew where
yeah he would be he was shirtless yeah
he was kind of muscular and had some
chest hair and looked like the Wolverine
and he would walk like this like power
walk like almost like Wolverine with his
claws out and I gosh it's the Emil
Vereen sighting you see him yeah and
you'd see pictures of him and it's like
oh my gosh the mill Vereen and we'd spot
him - and it was a fun thing for a very
long time I saw the mill Vereen today
and nobody knew who he was then God darn
it somebody went and interviewed him
the thing is Hugh Jackman plays this guy
called a Wolverine and they got the pan
on that so they have to call me at I'm
over it and I took the sheen off the
whole thing and then he did like a
signing there's like sort of public
appearances same t-shirts
so now it's like all the mystique is
gone mystique is gone
no x-men punny hey but yeah and so like
with Neal Breen it's like you're pushing
that boundary you don't want him to
become aware you don't like anyway so
the thing that I'm impressed is that he
hasn't god bless him there's a lot in a
lot of ways we know we understand him a
little bit more because of this but not
a lot more no no I'd like to think he's
just very determined and I'd like to
think he's keenly aware that
people are laughing this movies but it's
the Ed Wood saying my next one will be
better
really where's film you ever saw well my
next one will be better where he's like
probably in his head he's just like well
they don't they don't understand my art
they're laughing at it because they
don't understand it I'm just gonna keep
going and making my movies and I'm
really hoping that's the case and that
if people over saturate with bring or
turn it into midnight movie schlock and
and turn it into this thing that it's
not don't don't defile him don't take
the purity away from Breen and I kind of
feel like talking about this we're
helping to do that but I hope not well
that is the yeah that's something to
point out and something that I was
thinking of while watching this is we
see you know behind the scenes footage
of his movies we see him talking with
actors and stuff and I was thinking like
in all the years that he's been making
movies and in all the years at people
he's sort of developed this following
I've never seen and maybe if somebody
has seen this they can link it but I've
never seen any of the actors in his
movies be like interviewed like you
worked with neoprene what was that like
working with Neil Breen like we did with
samurai cop you know that's like you you
you want to know these things but like
you said once you do it takes away the
mystique and so I was thinking like
because he talks about being so
professional with his like contracts
that he has his actor sign I was like I
wonder if he has them sign NDA's because
I've never seen anyone interview anyone
involved with his movies ever yeah he
seems like a very protective guarded
person and very careful mm-hmm
and yeah and that's been keeping this
going because I'm so unique
yeah at some point he's he either give
up or give in or we'll learn that he
actually is some sort of Savior and then
it'll just ascend into the sky for real
well real quick let's talk about option
B which is the the 14 year long
elaborate prank the long con yeah
because there's a segment in this where
he's talking about gosh he there's a lot
of parts where he's talking to the
camera but then there's parts way
to fix things yes and so he'll overdub
he'll I think one of his it was such a
small little thing it was him talking
about his his contracts
yeah or release forms and he's like
release forms are one page and he holds
up the number one with his fingers yes
protected against eccentric eccentric
cetera two pages and that he wants to
correct it because he went back and
looked and on my release for him is
actually two pages so just two pages it
happens a couple of times it's a couple
times where he's fixing what he said
later instead of going back and
reshooting it he goes and fixes it by
overdubbing it or showing b-roll and
adding a voiceover yeah but then there's
like a meta part where he was he's
talking and then it freeze frames on him
and he adds in his voice over create an
interesting visual relationship between
the objects in your film frame create an
interesting visual geometry proportion
and perspective between the objects in
your film frame unlike something you
just forgot to say when he was filming
it something he wanted to add later and
so he just froze the video of him on the
couch and he's sitting there and he's
adding in his voice over and what he's
talking about is how you should never
have a still image in your film and it
should never freeze on one thing how
important visuals are to your film yeah
and he said never have your image freeze
I try to incorporate always having
motion in my shots and he's saying this
as he's doing what he's saying not to do
and it's amazingly funny yeah and it's
like is this for real is this just a
brilliantly crafted prank if it is going
on for 14 years if that's the case then
then he is an actual genius he is the
genius that he portrays himself to be in
this just keep trying to make those
movies yeah your hardest yeah and don't
let anyone stop you don't let it deter
you like you're [ __ ] like us right
we love your films you know brain
keep making them and keep trying maybe
maybe someday you'll make that movie
that that's we just go oh my god this is
actually brilliant mmm this is well put
together it's well acted it's well
directed that's kind of like when we
talk about Don Dahler we would always
say that how he was like making the same
movie over and over like trying to get
it right yeah cuz every one of his
movies is an alien in the woods yes he's
just trying to get that perfect one
always having motion in my shots motion
could be something too subtle as a hand
movement oh snap the 7g network is
finally online it's been months since
they discovered that the 5g network
caused coronavirus yeah and it feels
like forever since they found out that
the 6g network was attracting murder
Hornets starting up the phone now I
could finally start watching my favorite
shows on kwibi again Oh
who would have thought that the biggest
victim of coronavirus would have been
Kobe kwibi died faster than a grandma on
a ventilator well I guess I'll pour one
out for kwibi and second thought I don't
want to waste a miller lite hmm what are
you doing are you watching quit II know
I'm reading the news hmm looks like the
state of Wisconsin Supreme Court struck
down the governors stay-at-home order
you know what this means that the bars
are opened baby holy [ __ ] dude let's go
oh we gotta figure out how to get out
the front door should we bring our
friends well yeah they're our friends
come on
why are you doing that did you finger
away
