Mar 15, 2020
Blumhouse's Dirty Secret
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAa_m9H-PGs
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1239359762053107712
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10157197974032634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-blumhouses-dirty-secret

Half in the bag.
okay Mike put your
credit card in only $20 and we can both
watch the movie Jay are you sure that
putting my credit card into this
unsecured website so that we could watch
Cory Feldman's fake documentary is
really the best idea of course if we
can't trust Cory Feldman who can we
trust you make a valid point it's all
set up
mm-hmm here we go I'm putting my credit
card and personal information into Cory
Feldman's unsecured website
okay here we go
I'm submitting my credit card
information okay all the websites been
hacked oh fuck oh god now it crashed I
expected more from a geocities website
now how are we gonna see the list of
names of all the Hollywood pedophiles
silly J all you need to do is look at
the credits of any movie that's right
Mike that's a lot of names I wonder if
my credit card is safe hello yes fraud
alert nineteen thousand dollars worth of
untraceable Visa gift cards purchased in
Bangladesh well yes that was me I
approved those charges yeah I did that
yesterday thanks for calling I
appreciate the extra security concerns
what I like to get an early start on my
Christmas gifts did you hear that that
sounds like someone like hit a snare
drumming dinner somebody playing drums
outside is somebody playing drums
outside now it's totally silent well
since we can't watch my trouthe the rape
of two Coreys maybe we should go see a
real movie hmm one that actually plays
in the theater but live-streaming is
difficult you know it's only 20 20
nobody knows how to live stream of video
I can understand the problems that he's
had holy crap
they're having us in real-time maybe
that was the real movie they're making a
documentary called corey feldman the
rape of an audience or corey feldman the
boy who cried wolf pack
anyway what's playing in the theaters
Jay hmm
onward mmm kids movie ordinary love
chick flick
Sonic the Hedgehog man child movie the
boy - not in the mood for a comedy the
call of the wild with Harrison Ford the
CGI dog No thank you I prefer a real dog
get put through living hell to make a
terrible film uh what about you boring
shit in the movie theaters
oh I know what we could go see the
Invisible Man
you know the classic Universal monster
movie character all right do you
remember when Alex Kurtzman tried to
start the cinematic dark universe with
that huge Tom Cruise flop what a
disaster I never thought I'd hear the
words disaster and Alex Kurtzman used in
the same sentence but here we are yeah
and after that I think it was you who
suggested that Blum House should take
over these movies make them on a smaller
budget to maximize profits who would
have thought you should make a horror
movie like a horror movie and not a 300
million dollar transformers film
yeah it takes a real genius to think of
that you know it's ironic so many
pedophiles in Hollywood and they're all
thinking big well Mike maybe we should
go out and see the Invisible Man before
it disappears from theaters you must
have put his drumset away there's all
done oh my god I'm sick I've got the
Macarena virus
I think you mean the coronavirus oh
that's right there's a horrible virus
sweeping the earth maybe we should just
you know stay in here and watch
something that's streaming well if we
can't go out and see the Invisible Man
in theatres why don't we watch some
other Blum House movies I hear there's a
bunch of them on Hulu if they're direct
to Hulu movies with the Blum House name
on them they have to be good right
J is there really such a thing as the
Macarena virus I think there was maybe
like in the mid-90s but they eradicated
it oh is that before after that horrible
outbreak of Chumbawamba kill they
from Blum house the producers of three
hit horror films the purge happy
deathday and paranormal activity comes
100 terrible horror films you'll never
want to watch why it's the Blum house
party on hulu also known as into the
dark series or TV show or collection of
feature films ah either way Jay and I
have used a sophisticated computer to
select three films to watch based on
ratings there's the best rated the
middle rated and of course the worst
according to IMDB let's see what
happened well Mike how did we get here
we got here cuz we're scared of the
coronavirus cuz theaters are nasty as it
is that's that's the thing is I'm scared
to go to the theater even before this
virus outbreak have you seen some of
these fucking people
this all started from me browsing around
Hulu which is kind of like a wasteland
and then you're like Hulu where you go
through movies and it's their interface
the Hulu interface is terrible but I'm
like ok there's movies you go Hulu
originals or movies and go to originals
and it's like there's a picture or a
giant picture of just something and then
it says two people go on a vacation
somewhere and then dot dot dot and then
uh what's what's the rest of the plot
and then you you hit it to find out more
information in the movie start no ice
wraps yeah then you're trapped a guy I
gotta go back but then then there's a
way to find out you go later where it's
like thumbnails yeah and then you click
on the thumbnail this is play trailer
and you could read the whole so nuts so
it's like a different thing and so I'm
looking and it's like some things you
know this is a show cuz it's a season 1
episode 1 ok oh that's a show and then
when it says 1 hour and 22 minutes
alright oh that's a movie and and then
but really this mrs. Blum house presents
we're gonna talk about Blum house
because they are extremely prole
a production company that has produced
top-tier stuff like get out and they
fucking produced that that jazz movie
whiplash whiplash and and then and then
they like then they yeah they have this
like branch of Blum house that produces
like Asylum level crap
yeah well Blum house is its it is a
production company but it is also a
brand yes it's not like like Warner
Brothers people don't say oh it's the
new Warner Brothers film yeah yeah they
just go see a movie that's made by
Warner Brothers
but with Blum House it is specifically I
mean they do occasionally stuff like
whiplash but it's mostly horror and I
remember remember that truth-or-dare
movie Blum houses yeah yeah that was
like it was like Blum houses or blob of
house presents yeah I think it was I
think it was possessive it was Blum
houses truth or dare yeah so they're
they're trying to be a brand name where
you go see it because it's Blum house
but I don't know who's in charge of
their quality control because they're
shits all over the place before the
trailers of all these movies which are
more so long episodes in an anthology
series yes I mean they're all at least
like an hour and 20 minutes their TV
show material stretch to feature-length
films but we'll get to that
sure and when you watch one of these
trailers it always says from the
producers of the purge happy deathday
and paranormal activity
so in addition to the blonde house brand
they throw up those titles Oh must be a
real movie it's hard it's hard to get
first of all we didn't watch we watched
three of them yeah we selected three as
you said based on highest rated
according to IMDB ratings lowest rated
and then we picked one that was right in
the middle hi straigt it is too high and
lowest rated is not low enough it's very
good but those ratings are very like you
look at them and it's like 300 people
voted like nobody's watching this stuff
yeah and they've been at it for two
years and I'm not sure what the point is
I mean obviously they don't spend a
whole lot on them no no which is I mean
that's plumb house this whole thing and
that's why I've always had like mixed
feelings about them cuz it's like okay
movies are too fucking expensive these
days but blum house they make I think
it's between like five and ten million
is the budgets of all their movies yes
so even when you have something like
recently they had their fantasy island
movie came out critically panned
everybody hated it bad audience reviews
but it only cost seven million dollars
to make it made like over fifty million
dollars not a lot for a you know a big
movie but for something that only cost
seven million dollars even a flop isn't
a flop
that was a listed budget for the
Invisible Man - seven million and that
made 105 at this point yeah over a
hundred million you famously suggested
that Blum House should should take on
the universal monster movies I'm still
waiting for my check yeah and I'm still
waiting for my check for suggesting JJ
Abrams direct Star Wars films oh they're
not asking for their refund yet ensue
but yeah that's oh it's a seven million
dollars packaging pocket change and
that's their big-budget movies I can't
even imagine what my Valentine cost
I have it right here oh you just made a
Blum house movie but you had asked the
question who's watching these movies and
what are they for and what's the purpose
and I have an answer for you okay and
it's it's a it's a food analogy mmm when
you go to the theater to see you know
say one of the 10 best picture nominated
movies or you're a filmmaker you've
known and liked for years like Quinn
Tarantino it's Quinn Tarantino as a new
film out that's like going to a
five-star restaurant and saying I want
to order a really good meal and I know
it's gonna be good and I'm gonna like it
and I'm know I'm gonna get what I paid
for I'm gonna sit down meet this really
good meal this fancy restaurant the Blum
House movies are things that are in a
buffet mmm
because when you go to a buffet you pay
to get in and they keep everything
stocked there's some stuff may not get
eaten at all and get thrown out but the
concept is there that you can go into
this buffet and have 50 choices of
things you could eat so Blum house is
keeping the buffet of Hulu stocked with
food that's what it is
it's Hulu can say we have 50 original
horror films exclusive only to Lulu
their horror films because that's the
incentive for like a Netflix or like a
Hulu is you know with Netflix I don't
even know if anyone watches movies on
Netflix anymore they just watch the
original programs right and Netflix
makes original movies too yes so every
every streaming Amazon Netflix Hulu all
these companies can say we have original
movies that are exclusive only to our
streaming service yeah so it's like when
you go to the buffet we have thing of
fried chicken necks of the mashed
potatoes and and it might not be as good
as if you go into a restaurant and order
a very specific meal that's high-quality
but we got a big plate of lukewarm blum
house
well my misunderstanding from the get-go
was that these were independent films
that were produced independently and
Blum house went and said hey we want to
buy your movie slap our name on it and
make them put it into our into the dark
anthology but I I think they actually
produce their produced in-house or
however you want to call it but yeah
they're made specifically for this Blum
House label yeah which is probably I
mean they're clearly very low-budget but
it's a good opportunity for most of
these are made by unknown filmmakers
that haven't done a lot of features if
any it's a weird thing because all the
all the entities involved are getting
paid so here that here's the cycle
here's the circle already here's a
graphic okay people pay hulu hulu pays
Blum house Blum House pays talent above
and below the line to create a film and
then in this circle nobody is consuming
this product it is the tray of fried
chicken nobody ate that gets dumped at
the end of the night and replaced the
next day with a fresh batch of fried
chicken that people are filling into the
buffet and nobody's eating this dis
chicken but it's there
so that you pay to get into the buffet
but two brave souls did watch three of
these films we sat down and we watched
them not not with the explicit intent of
making fun of them but really just to
see what's going on what are all these
movies because we know it's in the
theater I don't want to get the
coronavirus so but Mike there are good
movies that have come out that we
skipped we didn't make we didn't spend
our time and energy making a video or he
say yeah it was pretty good
why didn't we do that I don't want to
see that I knew Tom Hanks movie and
where he's in World War two I don't know
Saving Private Ryan no but I'm gonna
pretend it's his character from Saving
Private Ryan I survived what World War
two movie is I don't know he's a captain
on a boat and there's a there's a bunch
of submarines attacking ships at
I'm not gonna pretend to use this
character from Saving Private Ryan I'm
gonna pretend he's mr. Rogers now that's
an adventure it's a beautiful day at
Normandy a beautiful day at Normandy
where you don't get shot you'll get shot
won't you burn those Nazis
anyways so the three films we watched
the first film was called a nasty piece
of work title I guess uh yeah I was
looking forward to this one because it
has Julian sands in it who was of course
the warlock in the warlock films and he
was in like arachnophobia he's been in a
bunch of stuff the the he's actually the
the living embodiment of the shame
wizard from big mouth no we're doing
that again yeah I know so you're up for
continuing this rather unorthodox job
interview and he looks just like him oh
yeah he's got two colored eyes and a
scar down his face he looks kind of like
a Harry Potter villanies can be just
floats up and the plot of the show is a
juvenile script about climbing the
corporate ladder yeah or something I'm
taking the money you usually spend on
bonuses and I'm using it to create one
more high level job which will give
employees the chance to reach executive
stasis the boss played by Julian Sands
invites to employees and their
significant others to his house and
basically has them battle it out
violently for who gets the promotion
there's twists and turns that are not
interesting or twisty in any way sucks
it's terrible it's it reminded me of I
don't know if they were inspired by that
movie ready or not from last year it had
that same kind of tone to us where the
the the rich couple it's Julian sands
and his wife who's both of them are like
comically overacting sure guarantee now
what it's not like you wear the pants
around here house boy my way Dunlop
Julian Sands it's like terrible in those
it's like he's on another planet oh yeah
he doesn't know the material yeah they
don't none of the actors know what
they're supposed to be doing tonally
yeah I'm totally but but it reminded me
of ready or not like running through
this house and violent things happening
and the kind of snooty you know
upper-class characters so like ready or
not but bad and confusing in terms of
the premise and motivations of the
entire plot I mean I get it like there's
your lead guy and then you have the
douchey guy with the vapid wife all
played very broadly broadly yes I think
stupid would be falling for the same
routine twice in the span of like an
hour and so it's like you know the first
the first shocking moment is the shame
wizard kills Catherine O'Hara with a gun
and her head blows off and then he's
like who will help me cover up this
crime unless she's not dead
no you're not supposed to know that it's
supposed to be a big shock when she gets
up like where's my drink
come up with an alibi and whoever comes
up with the best alibi will make it
through the corporate boardroom and then
oh she's not dead and then after that
it's a scene after scene of that kind of
thing
yeah you think it's this but no no it's
not but it all just leads to the same
place anyway right
and then there's weird masks on the wall
and then they reveal at the end that the
weird masks are worn by the the board
members so uh old rich white guys who
are board members they play this game
once never a hundred times I don't know
has this ever happened before I don't
want no one knows someone's in the walls
I think those are the board members I
guess that's supposed to be like but for
some reason he grabs her hand yeah when
if you're just trying to observe why
would you that yeah so really like
there's a hundred million things and
it's like why don't they just leave at
some point oh but Mike he stays with him
because that's satire it's unrealistic
all right yeah it's trying to climb the
corporate ladder don't want every can
climb look what the twist is that his
girlfriend gets the promotion we didn't
even work for them because she was the
nastiest piece of work of all she was
the most cutthroat you know else I found
interesting out of all three of these
phones I guess it's not interesting it's
more obvious all three films took place
and were shot in the loss of the Greater
Los Angeles area sure sure
I'm willing about the entire series's
and you don't bug me too just a little
bit it's it you know it takes place in
Los Angeles and and I've been to Los
Angeles a few times as have you and and
I'm not an expert but I'm pretty sure
the layout of LA is the big downtown
area
then the east side is like the slums
there and then away from the city when
you go towards like hollywood west
hollywood burbank over there where this
the mountains start and the hollywood
sign is the Griffith Observatory all the
fancy homes are in the hills and it goes
up yeah that's that's like over there
it's like where like houses are so when
they show this corporate boardroom my
point is is they show the skyline of the
downtown part which is like the view
from all the fancy houses and so that's
where their their corporate headquarters
is located when it's like like a
financial company or a business it
should be in the downtown part my point
is they decided that Jason Blum's house
so that was distracting to me because I
was like this is and then if we're if we
can jump ahead to low-budget crap and
locations pukka pukka yeah Puka buco is
my favorite of the three yes which isn't
saying much but I actually liked pukka
pukka was okay you know the the premises
the struggling wannabe actor takes a gig
wearing the stupid costume because it's
the hot new toy called puka that all the
kids are buying and so he's the pooka
mascot and then it starts to kind of
obsess him he gets obsessed with it and
starts to develop like a weird bond with
it and things go crazy and it doesn't
make a whole lot of sense but then you
get to the very ends and it's one of
those onions amazing oh oh oh well after
watching the other two films I got to
the anyone oh well it's I started
skipping spoilers for all this stuff but
it's it's the incident now at Owl Creek
or occurrence at Owl Creek it's the Navy
short film slash Twilight Zone episode
where you realize the whole thing was
a vision or a dream I was expecting a
cut to him in a straitjacket no for in a
hospital and that's all the this film
reels just going in his head of all
these events but yeah yeah it was like
okay you know I get it yeah and the
little pieces were all there it was the
best script it was rules - there's many
visuals like I love the contrast of the
you know the pooka costume is this movie
kid costume but there's like horror
stings when it you know cuts to it I
notice the music was by Bear McCreary
because that guy works I don't know if
he came up with the polka music that
polka theme song will be it's an earworm
it'll get stuck in your head but then
yeah later when it starts to get more
sinister and you see the pooka with the
flames and it's eyeballs and stuff like
that
and that's something I thought was gonna
happen because the pooka costume the
eyes look like car headlights yeah and
so I was like Oh at the end when it's
revealed that he was in a car accident
that's gonna be a connection there but
then the pooka doll exists outside of
his fantasy and it's slain on the ground
and it also just has car headlight eyes
yeah yeah I think the car headlights
were a motif or thing but yeah but yeah
it doesn't quite work when you get to
the the real ending yeah unreliable
narrator kind of feature film with the
reality of the world that he's in falls
apart as it goes along yes and and you
know the twist is you at the beginning
you think I was thinking you know I'm in
this mindset of these these movies being
terrible and I you know the creepy guy
is looking down from above as he's doing
his audition and okay so he's in the
Polka costume there's a secret satanic
cult he does this ritual the seppuku
ritual and it it sort of dumb cult plot
brainwashes kids and the like Halloween
three season so I thought yeah okay he's
being tricked into some kind of devil
worshipping cult that's gonna secretly
brainwash kids into killing their
parents while they hold their puka dolls
Oh story about a guy who was an asshole
yeah an asshole actor in Hollywood an
alcoholic crashed his car yeah he starts
to get more and more addicted to the
costume just as you would get more and
more addicted to alcohol that's a lot
going on it goes it's it's slim but it
felt more like a movie than the other
two yes I think the idea with all three
of these that we watch though is that
they would have benefitted from being a
half-hour Tales from the Crypt episode
right there all stretched that's that's
another interesting point is yeah I was
thinking like Twilight Zone a good
Twilight Zone not this Jordan Peele
nonsense
actually no these are more in line with
these or more these are more like which
I I think I think vanished off the face
of the earth yeah
don't think there's any talks of redoing
those those are some bad thing
watch those are probably exponentially
more expensive to produce than these
blue mouse movies right I would think
yeah yeah better name actors yeah and
like the pooka one someone had a good
scripts they said here's my idea it
could work we're talking about locations
because they're in puka and are least
rated film my Valentine which may be the
worst thing I've ever seen in my life
both both are ambitious scripts or have
elements that are ambitious but
limitations in the budget fair because
puka is supposed to be this big
phenomenon and Tickle Me Elmo or a
Barney or something that's really big
and then so you're thinking like in
movie terms okay the big puka event
would be at FAO Schwartz in New York or
some all of America with America's
higher mall is swarmed with children or
a mall or a toy store or but those are
locations yeah and then you shot like a
closet they well they they rent it out
like an abandoned building somewhere in
Hollywood
some dirty street in Los Angeles and
like like dirty glass windows like a
strip mall and they taped up a sign that
said puka pop they call it pop up yeah
it's just smart but it's like gotta go
bigger
I can I can look past that stuff when it
when the material is good yeah like puka
didn't bother me as much and also puka
doesn't have a lot of locations but it
bounces between the locations that has a
little more so it keeps things varied as
opposed to the other two we watched
which are 95 percent of them are in just
one place it's and they're and they're
not clever or well-written enough to
that's a sustained it right one location
the the one location movie or primary
location movie has to be very good yeah
ready or not that hold
in a house it's a good movie yeah it has
to maintain maintain a quality level in
order to pull off the one location thing
or else it starts to feel like it's
drankin yes and and those movies did
anyways but that's another one like a
nasty piece of work where there's
clearly a satirical element to it but it
works more because it's more of a
background thing it's not like trying to
make it the entire point of the movie
like a nasty piece of work
countless malfunctioning pukas have been
returned throughout Los Angeles with
parents complaining that the popular
naughty or nice toys are suddenly broken
is that shot of the newscaster on the
street and all the kids start throwing
the pookas down on the ground and
stepping on it yeah yeah you're writing
me of like Starship Troopers and they're
stepping on the bugs yeah yeah there's
some creativity going on
well let's talk about my Valentine jury
yes that's because this is the worst
thing I would call it a mess a mess in
terms of tone style writing everything
it puts the mess in message oh there you
go
and I don't know if it's if it's based
on a real person or not but it's about a
Hollywood pervert / manipulator who
wants to groom women or a woman to be a
pop star for his own sick fetish of
control yes his name is royal okay I was
about to come Titanic Sinclair cuz
that's the real guy because this is
based on a true story
Oh have you ever heard of the pop singer
/ youtuber named poppy I'm poppy I'm
poppy I'm poppy I'm poppy poppy she came
on the radar a few years ago because I
didn't even know she did music but there
was a YouTube channel that showed up
called poppy and all these really short
kind of weird David Lynch Ian videos and
she talks in this high-pitched voice
kind of like the Valentine character in
this movie puppy I asked you a question
I love my fans my record label and my
handler I am so glad that you all can
make
to this super special secret show just
for my most super-special fans and it
turned out that her whole act was
created by a fellow named titanic
Sinclair who had previously created this
exact same persona with someone named
Mars Argo they were in a relationship
and he I don't know I think in that case
she came up with the whole character and
he sort of once they broke up he just
recreated that character with another
girl
allegedly well that's literally what
happened allegedly he was there was
litigation and stuff from what I
understand but Mars Argo the original
girl claims that he was abusive and
manipulative and all this stuff so you
take this real-life story of abuse and
being an asshole and turn it into a
really crappy horror film feels a little
sleazy a little exploitative but the
thing about an abusive relationship like
this or someone that's mentally
manipulative and stuff is that they have
this sort of there they can be very
charming they can be nice and then they
you know use that to manipulate you in
this movie the guy's just raging asshole
the whole time 
"You're supposed to pay attention to me."
"I was thanking people for coming to our gig."
"What people, uh?"
"The dudes that you invite to our shows in the hope that they'll fuck you."
"They won't fuck you."
"Who else would, besides me?"
"You're too weird-looking."
and I think
that's the takeaway is that he is not
believable
we didn't have a fight why you so mean
to me
no one is believable a lot of his
actions are based on stuff that
manipulative people do yes but to the
nth degree to a cartoony level because
it's very theatrical it's very
over-the-top
it's very cartoony and unrealistic like
this story of a guy who's grooming and
manipulating a young woman into being a
pop star and then replaces her later
with somebody else I mean you could
write a story like that dramatically
maturely yeah and make it good and you
know even that movie were or John
Travolta played moose was better your
favorite movie of last year the fanatic
watch out watch out here's the whole
like flimsy premise just falls apart
because it's so constricted to one
location this is this terrible music
club that they have yeah because he
wants to confront her yeah and he
chooses instead of like I don't know
finding where she lives or going to her
house or going to where she works or to
be much more scary you would be scarier
or more you know more threatening he
does it in this grandiose theatrical
fashion at her at her first live concert
and he goes up to the bartender and he's
puts $200 down give me a give me a vodka
on the rocks and then you're like what
because one thing that happens is he's
like ooh I like that
and he's pointing to the bartender's
earring
by the electric on Melrose my guys name
is Samir he does good work looks amazing
and I like it
it's just an earring you know it's not
like a cool tattoo or something I betcha
I bet you a million bucks in the script
that was he had he had this rockin neck
tat dragon right sir and then they
started shooting they're like where's
the neck the artist who was gonna draw
it on with a sharpie didn't show up
says blum house check Bob okay well how
say is earring is cool why I know who
says nice work to an earring just film
it it's a right off the bat that's weird
and then he gives him like like a
thousand bucks and says to clear out the
bar clear out the bar except for these
three characters one of which
inexplicably has an eyepatch we moderate
the Treasury Treasury the biggest
treasure fan board in the entire world
original super fans only royal aligns
himself with them and says you three you
guys are on my side so maybe you can
hang around everybody else leave and so
the bartender says work laws of the
place for a private event and at first
I'm like well that's really
irresponsible that's unrealistic that's
strange that the entire staff the owner
everyone would just leave the place
alone to this guy yeah for a thousand
bucks what about insurance liability
what about this you know but then it
turns out that the bartender was
secretly hanging around in the end he's
only hanging around because they realize
that this is supposed to be a horror
movie and there's no characters to kill
same with the opening act which is a
couple that just hang outside in their
car for the entire movie one it pads out
the runtime and two it gives them a
character to kill 38 year old ladies
like cunnilingus in the backseat of a
car and a dirty alley that's some
straight-up high school teenagers shit
the grown adults grown-ass adults don't
do that but they had to give them
something to do why are they hanging out
in their car I don't know they got to
show up later right
well they're sitting in the car like
mm-hmm but royal calm Royale
cheese Royale with cheese wants to
confront Valentine foe because his new
muse treasurer is a dimwit with no
musical talent this whole plan from the
beginning was to go to confront my
Valentine yeah and he brings along the
girl and tells her to wait in the car
yeah how about just do it on a night
when she's working your shift at Panera
Bread Company
you know vibrate oh so she could come in
and because the movie that's all that
all the decisions are so the movie can happen
"You don't get it."
"I'm not afraid of you and your psycho bullshit anymore."
well also because it's supposed to be
like a I guess empowering story of
confronting and overpowering your abuser
but there's scenes of him trying to be
abusive and strangling women and stuff
like that and it's supposed to be like
tense and serious but then they'll be
like cartoon glitter effects and split
screens and goofy sound effects and it's
like are you trying to make Scott
Pilgrim vs. the world are you trying to
make a tense thriller about a
manipulative asshole they don't go
together at all so yeah not none of the
pieces fit and they just blast purple
gels onto everything yes I was gonna say
you were the cinematographer
this movie looks like fucking space cop
well the part the part that got me is
there's Valentine makes it up onto the
roof she's running away from Titanic's
and Claire whatever his name is and she
he's chasing her and it's supposed to be
like this tense scene she falls off the
roof and then we get like multiple split
screens and freeze frames as she falls
to the ground and it's like is the I was
thinking like is the editor tried to
sabotage the movie like you've
completely deflated any tension you were
trying to create with these goofy
comic-book edits I think the editor was
trying to save the movie because make it
look like it has style it wasn't her on
the roof and him confronting her and
multiple angles and camera dollies up
and we see how high the roof is cameras
move it around there and this like this
tendency it's like a wide shot on the
ground like that yeah yeah yeah that's
like that's that's it we got to put the
camera down here and shoot it up I don't
know what and then also it's like we've
established that that other couple and
so this event happens where treasure
falls off the roof and lands on a
dumpster and then were to assume that
royal got down got her body unconscious
body and brought her back inside and all
that happened in plain sight of the
other couple unless was on the maze on
the other side of the building I don't
know it's terrible I was like oh they
could have made that apparent and that
could have added to the tension if we
see the the opening act just you know
they're in the frame this is happening
behind them they don't notice it because
maybe they're still going down on each
other or whatever or they see it and
they say get involved with the story I
mean yeah but instead we don't see them
for 45 minutes motivation characters
have motivation we don't we don't see
them for 45 minutes of them they just
kind of awkwardly walk into the frame
hey man we want to use our drink tickets
yeah yeah yeahs what's going on here
after having oral sex for four hours in
the parking lot they just decide let's
go back into the venue yeah and have
some drinks well it's the combination of
everything like everything we're talking
about bad writing bad cinematography bad
distracting editing nonsensical
character motivations
it's a perfect storm yeah it's a perfect
storm it's a film about female
empowerment where the female can't find
the exit to a building
and then we get 5-minute music video and
then we have to see a whole music video
because how else are you gonna get to
feature-length every now and then they
cut to music video footage in this yeah
pre pre shot footage just to pad the
running time yeah and then the credits
start rolling and then they do what
every good tense horror film should do
show bloopers oh there's like goofy
outtakes of the actors dancing and stuff
dang I didn't see that couldn't get
worse I shut that shit off well before
that yeah so it feels like we're
reviewing bad episodes of an anthology
TV series which is basically what we're
doing now too bad up so does in one okay
episode no yeah the pooka one was was on
a curve was good yeah it epitomizes lung
house as a whole now it's like like I
say to the beginning there's no quality
control if you have the the means to
make something like an invisible man or
a get out why dump out these just
completely worthless movies to cuz those
movies fun the better movies it's a
business it's a business and jason blum
is very smarts he knows what he's doing
even if the audience suffers for it well
is there an audience well with these
movies to the into the dark movies no
again we'll put up our graphic there are
circular graphic it is the chicken being
thrown out at the end of the night at
the buffet well to be fair the chicken
wouldn't be thrown out you need a better
food for your analogy what's the food
that would get thrown out at the end of
probably broccoli no one that goes to a
buffet is gonna eat something healthy
yes true okay the broccoli gets thrown
out at the other thing LeBron but then
broccoli is good for you these movies
aren't good for you so that doesn't work
either maybe something like clams or
oysters or some kind of like tricky
seafood
I'm not sure about that that would work
cuz that also falls under the category
of like it could be really good or it
could be tear yeah clams at a buffet ooh
yeah you're really you're really taking
your life in your own hands with that
one yeah it's gonna make me sick or is
this kind of being delicious yeah
so that's Jason Blum a dirty clam
peddler what a successful company they
have a Dave a good model of of hits and
misses they have a lot of title oh guys
now I've got a third illness was it now
the Harlem shakes hey hey maybe he's got
an achy breaky hard no I've got
pneumonia I've got to go make
arrangements at the funeral home don't
forget to put us in your will
hey remember when we used to fix VCRs
