February 14, 2020
Doctor Sleep and Parasite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6c-hAbInjt4
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1228328891913265152
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10157112472582634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-doctor-sleep-and-parasite

Half in the bag.
Who let the dogs out.
huh what's so interesting well I read
this entire book only to get to the end
and find out the ghosts aren't real
guess I am a dummy
Mike since you're on with that book you
want to go see a movie sure Jay how
about we go see birds of prey yeah hmm
would you have any more interest in that
movie if they changed the title yeah how
about the sonic movie yeah would you
have any more interest in seeing the
sonic movie if they changed the graphics
yeah well how about cash no would you
have any more interest in seeing it if I
told you they'd improve the special
effects yeah well since there's no new
movies worth seen maybe we can talk
about a couple movies that came out
months ago one that nobody saw and one
that now everybody's going to pretend
that they already saw Oh Jay I saw
doctor sleep months before the Oscars
I mean parity when I was a kid there was
a place
dr. sleep is both an adaptation of the
Stephen King novel and a sequel to
Stanley Kubrick's 1980 film The Shining
the Stephen King novel is also a sequel
to his other novel The Shining but the
shining book and The Shining movie are
very very different and somehow dr.
sleep is a sequel to both the book and
the movie hey remember that part in the
Kubrick movie where Shelley Duvall walks
past the room and a guy in a dog costume
is giving a blowjob to some dude what
was that about oh my gosh there's a
chapter in here about what to do if
you're stuck in a haunted hotel oh my
lord
with ghosts from all centuries there to
feast on your fear health hazards from
ghost hunting allergies dust and mold
does anything about asbestos about
vision and how he got haunted so hard
that he had to wear glasses got haunted
so hard by a demon that it fucked his
vision up he was definitely haunted by a
ghost so hard that it ruined his vision
Jay he was simpleton it wasn't a ghost
it was a demon oh yeah here to talk
about ghosts we're here to talk about
the belated sequel to The Shining yes
nobody saw this movie in theaters it
came and went and flopped pretty hard it
was weird because you mentioned it and I
was like I wonder when dr. sleep comes
out and it had bout for four months yeah
and I was a lot of marketing behind it
and I think it's already speaking of
title changes and how the birds of prey
movie they're so desperate to get people
to see it that they changed no it's
Harley Quinn now you know that name and
I think that was part of the thing is
this movie even though the trailers
tried to make it clear that this is a
sequel to The Shining I think most
people just see that title knowing dr.
sleep why yeah
it's an unfortunate title I mean I'm
title of the books yeah it's it's a it's
a fine title but if you're trying to get
a theater going audience to see it's not
even really a soft reboot but I think
they're hoping for that kind of skull to
shining about the shining to know you
they would just call it The Shining
that's really with that or no shining
shining get rid of the duh it's cleaner
but it's I think a really interesting
movie we haven't talked about it yet I
enjoyed it a lot I didn't think it was
amazing there's a dated quality to it
which I love I'd say that's what I liked
about it it felt very old-fashioned it
felt very 90s
it didn't feel 70s no and that's
important to point out is that this is
not the shining this is not someone
trying to make a Kubrick movie right and
that's to the movies benefit because you
can't do that it's doing its own thing
it's an x-men movie it's it's a very
weird kind of different it's not a very
scary horror movie although it has some
of the more scarier scenes I've seen in
a movie or I should say disturbing yeah
scenes that I've seen in a movie
recently but um yeah there's sort of
like a over emphasis on the the powers
and abilities of people with The Shining
so it really should have been called The
Shining
instead of dr. sleep but it's funny too
because Ewan McGregor's is leading it
the way they talked about the shining in
this sometimes it sounds like they're
talking about the force yes and there's
there's that confrontation scene at the
end with him in the bad lady and he's
holding the axe yeah like a light saber
he's like are we ready to do this I had
the high ground wanted him to say I
betcha he said it like as an outtake on
set yeah and just laughs it's locked in
the vault somewhere and they all had a
good laugh when I starts run yes you run
dear and then I will find you and you
will scream for years until you die the
dialogue is very confrontational like in
a in a science fiction a superhero kind
of way yeah because there is even like
mind tricks like Professor X would do
like way you don't realize where you're
standing yeah and everything changes
it's a weird movie and I can see it did
you read the book I did read the book
okay I and that's yeah it weird is the
right word because it's it's just it's a
adaptation of a book that is a sequel to
another Stephen King book
but it's also a sequel to the Stanley
Kubrick shining film right even though
the shining film and the shiny book are
very different and somehow this manages
to be both and most importantly be a
sequel to a Kubrick movie and not fall
completely on its face yeah when I when
I first heard about the book I think
someone described it to me as like oh
the little kid from The Shining he grows
up and fights vampires which sounds like
the worst weirdest like ever and that's
kind of what it is but it mostly works
they're humans they're not supernatural
nope but they yeah they feed off of our
fears and off of our right and it's
people with the shining it's even
stronger well no but the shining is sort
of going away they say over generations
these people have been living for
hundreds of years but the shiny is not
as strong as it used to be yeah it's
weird it's like bringing this and this
is all in the original the original
Stephen King book of The Shining I mean
it's called The Shining but in the
Kubrick movie everything's a lot more
vague as far as what the shining is and
what's reality and what isn't and this
movies a lot more it's a lot more
mainstream it's a lot more streamlined
as far as the story goes but it's also
like we said very old fashioned in a lot
of ways it's very slow
it's very mannered it's technically a
horror movie but it's more of a drama
with supernatural elements which are
lights yeah yeah it's oh it's a bunch of
different things it felt like a very
long TV movie multi-part TV movie from
the 90s I think it probably would have
benefitted from being like a Netflix cuz
it's Mike Flanagan yeah the haunting of
Hill House and I have read the book and
and this the movie feels like condensed
of course cuz it's a movie adaptation
sure it tried to be as faithful as
possible but still some of the elements
felt rushed which has alleviated a bit I
did watch the director's cut and that
gives it a little more room to breathe
but yeah I think is a three four five
part series on Netflix yeah it probably
would have worked better and it probably
would have reached a wider audience so
what I got in that word of mouth the way
haunting of Hill House did do they go to
the the Overlook Hotel at the
of the book in the book no or that's
that it felt very movie that's that's
the big deviation is in the original
shining book the hotel burns down so in
the doctor sleep book they go to the
grounds where the hotel was okay that's
what the big confrontation is yeah the
more it relies on the Kubrick movie
that's like the weaker aspects of this
movie it seemed more fans service see
for lack of a better term yeah about
these ghosts exactly it's sort of lady
from the bathtub and so yeah they needed
this year once I get it yeah exactly
like but when he first gets the Overlook
and he's walking around and like the
lights turn on is like oh this is good
this is perfect and I can understand the
temptation to want to cram in like
everything cuz there's so many iconic
shots and images from that Kubrick movie
the one thing that was very sore thumb
issue was when Rose is walking and she
just stops and looks and sees the blood
elevator and then just keeps watering it
just keeps going
although I don't I think that was just a
random disconnected shot in the shining
it wasn't something danny visibly
witnessed right it's yes just like yeah
but I mean obviously political making
weird faces yeah and the shots are very
disconnected very disconnected so it's
debatable whether or not that was in
Danny's head but but roses our lead
vampire vampiress yeah Rose the hats
rose who wears a magician's hat and she
leads a group of vampires from young to
very very old from young to lurch from
young to alert and yeah like you said
they killed Jacob Tremblay which is a
great scene it's fucking horrific but
it's it doesn't feel gratuitous it's
relevant to kind of making you
understand like why all these creatures
need to be put down
yes it's normally that cut away from
gruesome child murder in movies but this
one they didn't and it was very
effective in making you hate these
psychic vampires yeah well and obviously
obviously the the abuse of children is a
running theme in the movie Danny little
kid now grown up to be you and McGregor
who was fantastic in the movie sure it
was nice to seem in the lead I think
like other than the Trainspotting sequel
that nobody wanted that feeling he's
mostly been supporting characters in the
last like decade or so
he's his bad guy in the birds of prey
film yeah I've never heard of that film
but I am interested in the Harley Quinn
birds of prey movie oh okay
there's some pretty scary weird fucked up
moments in this like the opening when
we see Danny and he's he's boozing it up
at a bar he gets into a fight and he
goes back to a lady's apartment there's
snorting cocaine and he wakes up after a
drug and booze-fueled night and the lady
threw up in her bed and he sneaks out
and then he steals her money then he
decides to steal her money because she
spent all of his money on coke does he
in the theatrical cut does he talk to
dick Halloran right after that yeah well
he's in the apartment yeah okay don't
take a money from a person yeah I think
this discussion is longer in the
director's cut but that feels like the
biggest difference is there's a couple
scenes with dick Halloran that there's
nothing like groundbreaking in the
director's cut it just kind of flushes
out certain things but he talks about in
that scene I don't know if it's in the
theatrical but dick hallorann because
Dan's trying to his whole thing is like
blocking out the or closing the the
spirits from the Overlook Hotel in these
kind of memory traps and he's trying to
do that to this moment of him stealing
money from this passed-out woman with a
child no doc you can put things from the
Overlook away in boxes but not memories
they are the real ghosts you take them
with you oh that's a great line I don't
know if it's in the theatrical cut but
it's good but yeah again there's a child
on that scene lots of lots of and like
I've mentioned we mentioned the Jacob
Tremblay scene like one of that's one of
the themes of the movies could have
abusive children and even when the the
true not they're called the traveling
van of vampire people they pull up next
to after a baseball game and yeah
there's like trying to get him to come
into the van it's not like sexual abuse
but it has that kind of connotation of
like getting the van little boy oh yeah
his dad by the way at the baseball game
right before that scene his dad is the
the kid that played Danny in the
original shining no shit never done
another movie
he hits the ball every time like he can
read the pitchers mind I thought that
was pretty neat I suppose he's one of
those actors like he was in that he
wasn't even really an actor that's why
Kubrick put him in the movie so he'd
feel more natural but where there's been
like urban legends about him for years
about what happened to him after the
shiny and it's like oh he's just a guy
works at the local true value I think
he's like a teacher or something
are they saying buckwheat he worked it
like a grocery store or something you
remember that we found him at Smitty's
supermarket where he's the most popular
bagger for miles around
George what was your reaction when you
saw bill English say he was buckwheat on
television well my my first reaction was
what and I remember the kid from Wonder
Years was Marilyn Manson - oh yeah urban
legends you gotta love him that one
turned out to be true though like me I
don't know about magic I was called it
the shining
well the speaking of young Danny I want
to give this movie an A+ a gold star
first-place ribbon Blue Ribbon put it on
the box for hiring actors to play the
younger versions or the versions from
the shining and not sticking a fucking
stupid CGI face on somebody yes I
thought that was joyful I thought
everybody was good I thought Jack was
distracting his accent wasn't right
yeah well they gave him it's
what's-his-face Henry Thomas the little
kid from et Oh because he was on a
Ponting of Hill House - okay and so they
gave him like the Jack Nicholson hair
line and the eyebrows and he's doing
like the Jack Nicklaus Merck like that
to me was distracting Danny and Wendy
were perfect but yes something about I
mean Jack Nicholson himself is just so
like specific and iconic that that I
found distracting it's a great scene
it's it's kind of the heart of the
entire
and it's really really good but mildly
distracted by the the Jack Nicholson
look-alike
you know I'm okay with it because they
shoot him mostly in profile and he his
accent is is sort of a mixture it's not
really it's not like someone doing it
Jack Nicholson impression and and it
because that's one of those like you
know famous impressions that people do
Kristen Slater's built an entire career
on it right so it didn't stand out as
being because people would have giggled
yeah if he did like he you know and
started doing Jack Nicholson from The
Shining it's such an iconic performance
and I think people would have giggled so
they said to--and it done there are a
couple of moments where it peaked up
here and there where it kind of sounded
like yeah it's more visually for me or
he looks like a celebrity impersonator
because they do like the exact same hair
love yeah it's a great scene yeah it's
it's my favorite scene in the movie and
wendy is perfect to whoever they got
that's Alex s oh is her name she was the
lead in that movie starry eyes okay oh
yeah yeah when I heard she was casting
this as Wendy is like that's fucking
perfect she looks exactly like her and
she's a good actress you I mean she saw
this funny looking at Shelley Duvall
back but she nailed the impression yeah
well they capture the without doing
impressions they capture the kind of
essence of the characters dick hallorann
- it's like I almost forgot that I
wasn't like he doesn't look like Scatman
Crothers but you still kind of get was a
scene yeah because he just captures that
kind of essence perfectly it looks a
little bit like him but but yeah it's
the tone of the voice and the the
performance yeah the way he talks to
Danny is great the starry eyes girl
probably I just picture them watching
rewinding listening to every the wind
shall we do peaks her voice oddly mostly
sounds like herself but when she there's
that part when Danny's talking to callie
rainey
you scare me have to do but yeah point
being no CGI phases of that's the point
yes is is I've always like I don't know
when you see the movie and this shows a
flashback I mean they did it well and
Terminator Salva-Genesys whatever the
fucked the last one was called dumpster
fire genesys I don't know what was the
call he's counter hey dark stool deep
fake hey that's what we called it yeah
yeah cuz it was that was really good
looking to the point where I was like
was that some kind of cutscene yeah but
that was pretty minimal like doing
something where you have to have him
perform
oh yes movie then it would have sucked
yeah but I just I don't mind that like a
different actor plays the younger
version from and they recreated some of
the scenes you know Danny riding around
on them and they created a lot of the
scenes and even if it isn't directly
recreating it there they're a voguing
imagery from well early on I wanted to
mention you and McGregor goes and talks
to Bruce Greenwood Oh
leader yeah yeah that scene that office
is shot exactly like the office scenes
when Jack is on his job interview and
and even the shots and the wind and then
the two chairs and the window over his
head and the American flag on the desk
and everything is off to the next scene
early dissolve the next scene and it's
just like yes summer stuff like that
more so than the end of the movie yeah
remember the shiny know over and over a
little that's why I said that's all not
keeping it's more subtle like maybe
seeing the the creepy woman from room
237 and like that's it as kind of a
visual representation of the entire
hotel or some sure artist and walking
around the empty hotel I was thinking
there was what a waste like they built
all these magnificent sets that look
just like the sets from The Shining and
such a small part of the movie yeah but
it was also weird whatever like and I
don't know this I think this has to do
with how they shot it but like yeah it's
it probably exactly two to the
centimeter recreations of the sets but
they don't feel as big and I think
that's just like Kubrick loves wide
lenses so it all feels
much larger and in this movie it's the
exact same sets but they don't feel as
large and I think it's just probably how
it was shot yeah that's another thing
that may I think made it feel a little
dated was it felt very unscented a lot
of it yeah I mean I I appreciate that I
like the Mike Flanagan he has a visual
style but it's very subtle he's not very
show-off he and there's some really nice
shots in this movie sure the way they
visually represent some of the elements
of the shining reminded me of like a
nightmare and Elm Street movie like when
Rose the Hat is in what's the girl Abers
bedroom oh yeah she's like looking
through her memories and we're seeing it
visually is like giant filing cabinets
going up to the ceiling
and stuff like that I thought was really
neat no I don't know I don't get a
strong visual sense I kept watching
scenes from this movie and they they
kind of look like they look like a
Netflix show like like really kind of
like done quickly and flat and I just
picture wanted more gritty more more
contrast more dynamic images in a horror
movie just very haunting of Hill House
Hani Nicholas is probably more visual
than this which is weird yes that's what
I mean but yeah I mean it's it's mostly
character driven you know doesn't get
flashy unless it needs to be a lot of
the dialogue scenes to me for a movie
that tonally feels so different from the
shining I still felt a connection
between the characters yeah from that
movie in this movie which is a pretty
fucking big accomplishment but it's a
wise decision to change from the book as
is often the case with Steven Keeny
adaptation yeah you gotta you gotta give
it that movie hook yeah movies secretly
about battling alcoholism
yes because he's like yeah that great
scene in the AAA meeting where he talks
about how drinking kind of made him feel
more of a connection to his father like
it's really well done right right
drinking and the temper and the anger
those things in me were his and they
were all I could know of him but erratic
stuff in this is better than their
horror stuff as often in the case
Stephen King that's true this does have
like a like a warmth and a humanity -
it's like the polar opposite of the
Kubrick movie since that's so like yes
cold and Stark but I really wish the the
reason it movies were kind of more in
line tonally with with this and not
goofy evil dead vomit monsters right
yeah yeah this feels like more grown-up
which is why flops more of an adult
watch at home so this this probably
would have been a better Netflix II
thing yeah and I think in the part of
the reason we're talking about I think
it will have legs like nobody saw in the
theater but I think it's some I think
it's a really it's not a perfect movie
but it's an interesting movie and
especially the fact that it's a sequel
to a Kubrick movie that works as its own
thing mm-hmm
it doesn't isn't like an an embarrassing
mess this is impressive and I think I
think it's interesting story on its own
to where hopefully this has some legs
and more people will see it now yeah
that's the thing as for a sequel to The
Shining it doesn't do it the way the
Hollywood brain would want it done right
Jenny's back watching over a different
hotel yeah his wife and small daughter
oddly enough I would recommend
the director's cut over the theatrical
cut I think it plays better in terms of
pacing because you're a film snob I
guess you're a film snob who likes
longer directory movies you probably
watch movies with subtitles speaking of
which have you seen birds of prey this
all started when the Joker and I broke
up
it was completely you chewable its birds
of prey I'm sorry it's parasite the
movie rednecks love to hate
"Out of everybody in the United State of motherfucking America, how many people actually fucking seen Parasite?"
"Can someone please raise your goddamn hand and tell me, for the love of Christ, how many fucking people in the United State of motherfucking America saw Parasite?"
"I don't know what Parasite is."
Parasite is about a poor family that moves into a rich family's house with the intention of conning them for much-needed cash.
From South Korean director bong Joon woo it's the first
film to win Best Foreign Film I'm sorry
Best International Film and Best Picture
at the Oscars what wonderful
non-political speeches the director gave
after national feature I thought I was
done for the day and was ready to relax
at least didn't act like Roberto Benigni
a moment of joy and I want to kiss
everybody because you are the image of
the joy and he you kisses the joy a city
flies leaves in eternity sunrise they
said the poet and this is wonderful to
be here we should point out we were
planning to talk about this movie even
before it won I know we were talking
about doing this before the Academy
Awards happen we were je with we watched
this before at walls oscars
yeah I didn't even know it was nominated
for as many cuz I hadn't paid any
attention to the Oscars this year but it
was nominated for a bunch and it won a
bunch I don't want ya to me a movie like
parasite kind of felt like an underdog I
was surprised at won as much as it did I
not in terms of the quality of the movie
because I think it's a great movie but
just in terms of like Hollywood
standards and the type of stuff that
usually wins Best Picture it's usually
something that it's kind of safe good
but safe and it's a movie that can win
something like Best Picture at the
Oscars but can also appeal to someone
like me that likes twisted weird stories
yes because it is that too didn't feel
like Oscar bait no it felt like he was
trying to tell a story with with a
message in it without being because it
was a little over but without being too
preachy or too like showy
yeah or look at me look at me well it's
a weird story I want to tell ya a story
that I mean obviously the entire movies
metaphor for class and the difference
between between classes but it's not
like a like an American version of this
I'm picture it being so hitch over the
head not that the the metaphor of the
movie is subtle it's very obvious but
it's also vague enough where it can be
universal yeah like like I think that's
why this movie has hit so hard is that
so many people can relate to what it's
talking about as opposed to something
like Star Trek Picard which is like the
the writers liking the smell of their
own farts
and even removing the metaphor from it
it's just a really entertaining story
well I mean the history of the world has
rich people and poor people poverty and
wealth and rags-to-riches and those kind
of stories the the story where the
Prince goes undercover as a popper
prints on the popper tails oldest time
kings and peasants and bah-bah-bah it's
an it's an old story yes nothing to do
with modern economics or politics it's
just it's a fairy tale you you you can
make connections to those things and
that's that's when it works is when it
doesn't feel preachy or it feels like
the the filmmakers are talking down to
you right yeah they're not preachy
enduring pandering preaching or
pandering or trying to tell you to think
this way or that way it's just that's
the two life circumstances of these
these two families and that's what's
great is neither of them are they don't
try and paint like the the lower-class
family is like pert like they're frauds
that's the entertaining part of the
first half of the movie it is them
scamming this rich family but the rich
family are not evil right they they have
problems and they're they're very
disconnected but they're not evil people
neither of them are evil yeah you wonder
who is the parasites the movie yeah
movie and and yeah it's a twisted and
fun and unexpected because I think the
joy with parasite is that you know I've
seen that poster and it's got the black
bars and they're just like family
standing on the lawn and there's like
dead body laughs it's like that Thai
redneck was yelling in his in his video
blog know what parasites about I watch
the video multiple times and it makes me
laugh and feel horrible every time I'm
sorry if you want best porn film you
should automatically be invalid to even
be qualified the win Best Picture
look at United States of America right
now what is more
pouran to our culture than the Joker
about a movie about how people in high
places looked down and thrown upon the
poor the poverty this is America
this is United State America you know
like I was originally getting so much
hate on that video that he liked he
private it but then I think he realized
that it's the only video on his channel
it's gotten any views so in an act of
pathetic desperation he made it public
again just so you get more attention but
who gets angry over the Oscars but why
would you get angry over what won but
even if you really really loved a movie
why would you get angry well in this
case he was angry because it's political
this is woke Hollywood giving the award
to parasite
"Forget all these fucking social problems that Joker touched upon."
"Let's have a better woke agenda and let's go full fucking woke."
I'm not exactly sure how the Academy and all
that works it's a collective it's like
you're an Academy member if you work in
the industry right and then you vote
yeah and and I'm assuming a lot of it is
based on what people have seen and based
on word of mouth and and that that's
that's you know that's when the the faux
outrage comes from you didn't nominate
this person this person this person AMA
nations are not equally diverse of
everything right right and I think
that's like we saw parasite and we saw
you know a couple other films and and I
think a lot of it is just kind of like
we didn't watch parasite because we
wanted to show how woke we are I don't I
watch people did well that's what that's
what I'm saying yeah this guy is blog or
whatever is stupid right because people
see everything is like this group of
like like five people in a hidden bunker
or secret tower going AHA haha here's
what we're going to do not going to
nominate a woman this year you know what
I mean it's yeah it's not it's just what
people saw maybe not and so many people
saw little women right maybe because we
saw a parasite based on like everyone
going perish I perish I perish it's a
classic
of a movie catching on just from word of
word of love you make a really good
movie that people will see it and
general interests Ford versus Ferrari I
saw the trailer I was like that's kind
of interesting I guess I don't really
like cars or the history of cars so I'm
not gonna watch it yeah and the women I
was like oh another adaptation and so
you know maybe that's kind of it you
know is is just like who saw what yeah
and if you remember the Academy if I was
I would make an effort to try and see
everything so I could vote as accurately
as possible but these are busy people
and maybe they didn't see everything
maybe everybody saw a parasite because
I'm with Cinco see parasite that's way
won best picture it's like it's not a
nefarious like conspiracy yeah
"Parasite, the first foreign language movie to ever win Best Picture."
"Well, pat yourself on the fucking back, Academy.
"Go pat your woke ass fucking selves on the fucking back."
"I am sorry."
"This is fucking ludicrous."
it's it's just uh ridiculous
to to see who would get angry over the
Oscars and what one it doesn't affect
your life in any way you could still go
see the movie it's not like the art the
Best Picture winner all the other movies
are deleted not existing that's the
problem
I just don't know and and and I think
it's great because you know there's that
stigma I mean against averaged below
average intelligence people of subtitles
and movies with subtitles
I watched the very first episode of a TV
show called Llosa Spooky's have you ever
heard of the heard of this I think it
was a joyful first episode it has Fred
Armisen in it
it's all in Spanish it's about these you
would really like it actually okay
because it's about this the loss of
Spooky's I think means the Spooky's it's
this group of kissing Spooky's
happy birthday Billy but it's all some
time and you know you look away for a
second you're eating your KitKat bar I
took its KitKat bar and I dip it in hot
water
oh of course I hit that popcorn yeah
yeah and then I drizzle caramel on that
it's a whole process it's a whole
process so if I'm doing that I look away
from the TV and I miss five lines of
dialogue so you really I like it in the
foreign film setting where you say I'm
gonna watch a foreign film now that's
subtitle no not gonna eat my KitKat bar
I have to pay attention see there's a
little butter covered in popcorn covered
in liquid caramel I can't do that when I
watched a foreign film yeah I did like I
saw it you know III gave up on Lewis
Spooky's because I'm like I can't I
can't just constantly read the screen I
have to eat garbage food while I watch
my programming and I've got to play with
him cell phone this sounds exactly like
why that that YouTube guy was so mad
about parasite but if I say I'm gonna
watch a foreign film I'm gonna watch a
foreign film and I'm gonna read all
those subtitles and parasite is
definitely worth to watch because like I
was started off by saying the poster
weird poster is kind of creepy did you I
went into the movie not even knowing
what the plot was despite people saying
like you gotta see parasite you guys
here's like no does that anything about
what it was about
yeah I went in a completely blind which
was the best way to see it I knew there
was a a creepy element to it because of
the poster but no idea yeah I think I
may have heard something about classism
or you know something like that and I
kind of knew that but then watching it
no idea where it was going and so takes
a pretty drastic turn about hat almost
exactly halfway through cuz it's two
hours it's like right at the hour mark
yeah do we have to give away spoilers if
you've already seen it
yeah you've wanted to see it and if you
don't want to watch a subtitled movie
then you're probably not going to be
swayed by this review so well film
shouldn't be nominated for Best Foreign
Film and then also have the
opportunity to win Best Picture because
none of the other Best Picture
nominations had a chance to be nominated
for anything else
this is America
this is United State of America but the
way yeah I mean like like it was that
the the kind of met the the class
messages of the movie or not
particularly subtle but they're they're
told visually the way it tells the story
is so much more interesting and nuanced
than something like Joker the framing of
the window is sort of like the framing
of a movie theater screen which I
thought was interesting they go up the
stairs to get their history boss yes yes
yes
and then the underground the
sub-basement windows and stairs
reoccurring imagery and it's it's great
it's it's and totally like the first
half is just really entertaining and fun
them scamming this family it was it
can't remember the last time I saw a
movie era is just like completely
engaged in the story yeah if the only
it's been a while where it's like this
feels like fresh and different and I'm
curious where it's going yeah which is
really why I don't want to talk about
the story because it's a wonderful thing
to watch unfold yourself yeah and and so
like when would you know rise of
Skywalker like the quote unquote story
in that talked about that all day yeah
because people don't watch that for the
story they watch it for the spectacle
and this is this is you know a little
bit of both to be honest it's not it's
not the most complicated story it's more
about all the pieces that fit into it
and how it unfolds yeah and and all the
little twists and turns
John Michell Uncle John this is I mean
the fact of this won best picture is
like an example of you know talking
about people reading subtitles or
whatever or it's like if you make a good
movie if you make an engaging story it
will reach people yeah and this is the
case of that and I hope for now that
like maybe people aren't familiar with
bong Joon hos other movies we'll go back
and see like the host or even
snowpiercer which that's in English it
was it was very nice to see his
acceptance speeches because like we're
talking before he was very gracious very
loving of film and filmmaking and
filmmakers you through it you know shout
out to Martin Scorsese and Quentin
Tarantino and the other nominees you're
here - I like your films - but you know
he didn't talk about not putting cow's
milk in your coffee to get times we feel
or were made to feel that we champion
different causes we're talking about the
fight against the belief that when we
steal her baby one nation one people one
race one gender to artificially
inseminate a cow
Gotham moves so much gratitude right
it's it's like everyone who went up
there and it was just like this sort of
injustice that sort of injustice bah bah
bah and you know those things are
important but the Oscars you know
they're getting two hundred thousand
dollar gift bags and they're all rich
and they're all like lecturing you and
two-faced yeah do do is do as I say not
as I do kind of feeling you know
whatever jaywalking Phoenix was rambling
about what wasn't he rambling about
I don't know and and like okay whatever
but it's my point was was that the bong
joon-ho gets up there and he's just like
I love movies and and thank you this is
an honor and and then the Hollywood
people get up there and they're like
yeah me
and it's a movie from South Korea won
the best picture award and beat out all
the Hollywood people you know what I
mean yeah well am the movie itself is
saying something that you know is
certainly political but he but the movie
speaks for itself yeah you know really
you should be chastised for the very
very big lack of diversity in his movie
parasite
I love how they'll lecture everyone
about you know women women they're great
all women are superheroes
true then they invite Eminem to perform
and everyone's everyone's dancing along
to a man who has said the most
misogynistic and homophobic things in
his lyrics now I like Eminem I do and I
you know I'm someone who says hey you
don't like it don't listen to it right
but they're all Gogol cross-eyed
eventually yeah what Joaquin Phoenix
said something like he's like everybody
sit down sit down and I do not feel
elevated above any my fellow nominees or
anyone in this room I'm not better than
you and I better than my other nominees
we're all the same but all of you shut
up and listen to me yes I'm accepting
this award at an awards show not better
than anybody else but listen to me rant
for twenty minutes I have a rich
celebrity that played a comic-book
character
let me tell you how to live let me tell
you how the evils of milk let's just
recap by saying there are indeed and
justices in the world but Hollywood
celebrities feel none of them real rcent
upset that their there are too many men
reviewing movies is not an injustice and
injustice is not being able to put food
on the table for your fucking family or
get medicine you need when you're sick
it's not that there's too many white
guys reviewing Captain Marvel
these people are a joke so Jay you ready
to move to Hollywood no start our film
company oh we're talking about pair of
sight are you doing
Oh bong joon-ho is just announced to
direct birds of prey - there's some good
North Korean films to obey or die oh
that's it you know my me and my nuke
America the devil machine
you know lists they're all by kim jong
Loney
you know all his films that's what I'm
speaking of you know filmmakers with an
individual voice obey or die is one of
the the biggest films in North Korea has
been playing the theatres for 10 years
all under one number one at the box
office if every showing is packed every
showing every I mean it's mandatory that
they go but what
