Apr 25, 2020
Quarantine Catch-up (part 2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Jy2APnVIbk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1254033243680243712
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10157348796857634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-quarantine-catch-up-part-2-of-2

Half in the bag.
Expired pretzels.
Ube cakes?
What the fuck's an Ube cake?
it's like a dry sponge
are you sure it's not just a sponge
how are we supposed to survive off this
Jay beer can only take us so far
that hasn't been proven
hey how come most of the beers on your side
there's some beer right there
don't you see it
no that's a walker
no it's behind the walker
there's a lampshade behind the wall
don't think I'm not onto you
I got all the beer
you got all the toilet paper
at some point this is gonna come to an impasse
well if things get really desperate there's alcohol in hand sanitizer right
yeah I mean what else am I gonna use it for
well did you see Gretel and Hansel I did
see craddle in Hansel I missed it in the
theater you've been turned out of your
home it's a time to film for yourselves
with only your clothes in your hides I
wanted to see it I was curious to see it
because it's directed by oz Perkins
starring Quigley the star of Quigley
yeah and what about the really nice move
you just made on the briefcase when dogs
have to go they go quick I hurt my knee
lifting my leg to pee co-star the real
star is of course Gary Busey do you have
a problem with dogs
yes but the secondary star is Oz Perkins
who has to stand next to Gary Busey and
give the performance of his life where
he acts like Gary Busey is not a crazy
person that falls into bushes but you've
seen Black Codes daughter right loved it
that's one of my favorite horror movies
Lois Mad Men connection
oh yeah the the jon Hamm's daughter yes
from it is on that yeah so I was looking
forward to this movie because of that
and it's a very good movie it's one of
those key didn't write it he wrote black
coats daughter mm-hmm he didn't write
this movie and it's one of those cases
of like probably kind of like average
okayish scripts that is elevated by
fantastic filmmaking because this is one
of the most gorgeous looking movies I've
seen in a really long time it's lots of
lots of wide lenses great cinematography
the the which is played by the Borg
Queen I'll scream Alice Krige yeah she's
creepy and fantastic in it
but at the end of the day it's the story
of Hansel and Gretel they do a twist
where because it's called Gretel and
Hansel this is another one where it's
like are the trolls gonna come out know
it that that to me was a brilliant idea
because I was gonna watch this movie too
and I I searched for Hansel and Gretel
oh there's like cheapo ones I Amazon 55
titles came up yeah from the Jeremy
Renner crap to asylum garbage
Redbox trash yeah but he was smart to
reverse the Tet the names you know
because then it was easier to find
yeah well and also all of his movies
have been kind of female centric like
obviously black Oaks daughter all the
leads in that or I don't think there was
ever like a Hansel and Gretel was just
sort of what it was called I don't think
there was a really in the fairy tale a
difference between the boy and the girl
they were just siblings right yeah if I
remember they're like the same age or
Amish age they might be twins I don't
know but this one she's a little bit
older and it's more focused on her so
it's more like it's hard not to compare
it to the witch unfortunately the the
witch is a masterpiece but it's like
period movie focused on a young girl
kind of coming of age in the backdrop of
being sort of seduced or lured in by a
witch it's it's it's not the witch
unfortunately but it's it's a like I
said what are the best looking movies
I've seen in a really long time it's got
that great kind of like fall atmosphere
it's really atmosphere if the music's
great it's just good enough to make you
wish it was better that's one of those
movies like Veronica like Veronica cause
of death apparent shock and loss of
blood
nice I'm feeling it's one of those
movies and maybe I was mildly
disappointed just cuz I love Black Codes
daughter so much and this is in a way
it's more conventional but at the same
time the pacing of it is so slow that I
can't imagine I'm picturing like the
Blum House crowd being like this shit's
boring yeah in fact if you look at the
IMDB user reviews it's it's
one out of ten or like 97 there's no
in-between even though I'm kind of in
between yeah
usually that's a sign of a good movie do
they do CI a-- Hansel and Gretel I
always think of there's like a TV movie
of the week or something as a kid I had
it taped on a VHS tape mmm and I'd watch
it and I just remember Hansel was in
like roll cage
yeah this has that element of like she
keeps feeding them and feeding them the
idea is that they've been sort of
disowned by their parents so there's
this kind of theme of abandonment and
going out into the world and becoming
your own person which is with your Idol
she's the older the older sibling and so
it's really kind of her coming-of-age
and deciding what kind of person she
wants to be because the witch is sort of
luring her into sort of beer apprentice
in a way would you recommend I would I
think it's one of those movies I don't
kind of grow on me over time because
it's it's it's decent I wish it was
better but this is the type of movie I
can see watching a lot in like October
this is a good like Halloween time fall
atmosphere it's a creepy movie but it
doesn't get by completely on atmosphere
the story kind of like the the
familiarity with the story because Hans
and Gretel's been told it's like making
a new Robin Hood movie they make a new
Robin Hood movie every year 
yeah
like fuck another one
so there's a little bit
of that quality going on but the the
visuals carry it a long way just check
yourself track
you
pairings spicy food and grilled beef
well what about obey cakes
I guess if these are like sponges
they'll come in handy for sanitizing
things rightly and some surfaces with
them something about this golden sweet
corn this has been open for six months
oh uh this is like a never-ending hell
where every day is the same thing so it
kind of reminds me of that movie Bill
and Ted's bogus journey insert joke here
as the lead into her very own but you'd
say something that sounds like the plot
of a very intense a different movie for
comedic effect sure that's the joke okay
welcome to yonder a wonderful
development it has all you need and all
you'd want so we both watched my varium
yeah did you watch it cuz I told you to
watch it no I watched it before okay no
I just watched this on my own because it
sounded great
I love the premise and I guess you liked
it more than me I thought it started
great and then it started to get tedious
which is partially by design
I guess cuz that's kind of the whole
concept of the movie but it lost me at a
certain point I loved the simplicity of
the beginning of it of just I love the
concept of like hell or purgatory is
just an endless Suburbia that you can't
escape it's a little on the nose it's a
little obvious but it works it's a very
Twilight Zone II kind of premise yes all
those things I agree with you on the the
suburbia thing sort of bugged me at
first because I thought it was going to
go in a you know in a bad direction in
an annoying direction
I love movies where people are trapped
in a thing which my next film to watch
is going to be the platform you gotta
watch the platform platform in this are
very similar in that the great promises
the first 45 minutes or so are great and
then it starts to lose you and it gets
kind of lost in its own metaphor and
then it ends and you're like oh I like I
was saying in regards to the platform I
like movies where people are trapped in
a thing and they have to figure their
way out and then love movies like that
because they're really engaging to me
and grossing where I kind of just I've
put you know that's the thing with a
movie you're supposed to relate to the
main character you're supposed to see
yourself in the movie connect with it ya
feel like you're inside the movie and
you're making the same choices and all
the things that are happening in the
movie are happening to you yeah boy in
that in these types of movies that sense
of like discovery like slowly learning
like the all the opening stuff when
they're trying to leave yeah that's
suburban neighborhood and they just keep
driving around and driving around and
then heat up back in the same place yeah
you're like try try this try that why
aren't you doing this yeah and when
people do that you're like okay great
you know and it's it's a movie you can
get involved with almost almost
interactive in a way you're yelling at
the screen and this movie had all that
and it definitely felt like a longer
episode of The Twilight Zone this this
would have been the new Twilight Zone
the non terrible Jordan Peele Twilight's
I would have loved if this was a
45-minute Twilight Zone episode it would
have been so I've been like I'm grandma
I'm bored yeah yeah that's my complaint
is that it's twice as long as the the
concept demands but as a feature film it
needed some more yes and when I said
like okay the suburbia thing it's like
okay that felt high school poetry ish
where man I never want to live in the
cookie-cutter house where all the houses
looked the same and have 2.5 children
and a white picket fence
that's just the man trying to put us
into boxes that's maybe I'm not a
mindset yeah what do you say the premise
is like I said the it's very obvious as
far as that goes the metaphor but it's
the way it's executed and the style of
it like the way that the the suburb
looks is really like
yeah it's creepy and then the the real
estate agent guy is creepy yeah it'd be
an unnatural and that works the there's
a big problem with the movie is that it
Jesse Eisenberg no Jesse Eisenberg is
fine hiding his miscast
trying to think somebody else I don't
know maybe like a Chris Pratt he's
feeling like a smartass he type guy he's
like uh what does he do like lawn care
or something to the beginner so he's
like a handyman yeah and I don't buy
jesse eisenberg is that yeah it's like a
smartass cuz he's kind of smartass
yeah I'm assuming it was he probably is
one of the reasons the movie got green
well him and imaging Poots are executive
producers but yeah I agree
someone who's who could be a little more
yeah Chris Pratt would have been good a
little more hot-headed a little more
manly man yeah Jesse Eisenberg comes off
as the Weasley intellect or awkward nerd
awkward nerd he's perfect for a Mark
Zuckerberg right but yeah I agree with
you on that
the premise is is is held together by
the characters all we have are the two
characters right this movie should have
been 30 minutes front loaded of
character development and and then we
get them to the the the community
suburban development project because all
we learn in the beginning is that Jesse
Eisenberg is the handyman he has a
ladder and that the girl Imogene boots
is like a little kid teacher a grade
school teacher and she's teaching them
about wind or something yeah and then
they jump right into it and then it
drags out yeah what we really needed was
there is a point to where there's a bird
that falls off the tree fell upward that
had fallen out of the nest and died and
a little girl is like what happened to
this bird it said and she said you know
that's nature
fuck it
you know that's that's what happens
and then Jesse Eisenberg's character takes the time to bury the bird
and I thought these were
very important character details but it
turns out later they become the opposite
yeah I thought Oh Jesse but Eisenberg is
going to be the the more grounded
sensitive one and she's going to be more
of the the cutthroat that's how it goes
yeah but it turns out when they're given
a baby she becomes ultra protective
over it and he becomes the monster who
says just fucking kill the kid right let
it's not a real kid not it's just and so
it's like why did you set that up and
reverse yeah I was really confused by
that but if if it was a movie about this
there's this budding relationship
between two people and them kind of
making that transition from being
boyfriend-girlfriend into being husband
wife and starting a family then thrust
into this situation where they have to
be a family with a baby and all the shit
that comes with it and how they deal
with that in this nightmare Twilight
Zone their scenario and how they
interact and deal with that would have
been fascinating
but we didn't get enough of their
characters backstory and what we did get
was opposite of how they reacted in the
world right and then would the way they
react in the world with the child and
stuff that's kind of the rest of the
movie is it gets kind of OneNote because
it's just sort of that same idea over
and over she wants to protect the kid he
need his grown distance he starts I
guess on a desperation he starts digging
a hole in the yard which again becomes
like because that ends up spoilers that
it he ends up basically digging his own
grave which feels like a comment on like
living in suburbia so it's all kind of
obvious but if it was a really good like
character drama that would have worked
maybe they'll let us go what if they
don't
I think this was based on a short story
are based on a short film by the same
director and I can see it working really
well as a short film but then when you
stretched out to feature it's like else
do we do well ultimately what's the
point though yeah exactly
it gets I've been like esoteric stuff at
the end yeah where you're like okay but
why you don't have that scene where
we're either him or her want to she
wants to get married have kids and move
to the suburbs he wants to still be
young people living in the city and
going out to the bars at night you know
they have two different ideas of where
their relationship is going and and they
conflict on that and her parents hate
him his parents hate her they you know
blah blah blah all this stuff that's
going on and their personal lives then
they're thrust and they're stuck in this
situation yeah it's like the opposite of
the Invisible Man movie where we don't
need all that backstory we get it all
from Elisabeth Moss in that opening
scene yeah and then this movie it's like
oh we need a lot of that before you
thrust them into the situation that
they're young let's take Scarlett
Johansson and kylo Ren from a marriage
story throw'em and what's is the atom
driver
throw em into the vivarium premise and
there you go yeah the first half a
marriage story that turns into the very
movie
okay we're gonna go find a house our son
what's the development look so fucking cookie cutter
I'm a free spirit
I want a house that's classic farmhouse on five acres
no
we're gonna get this house
it's in our budget
and then they end up in Bavarian and
kylo Ren has to dig in the ground and
just nuts but you and I both know you
chose this life you wanted it to you
didn't garlic johansson goes crazy and
they start fighting insane then they
figure out that Palpatine's behind it
all
this cologne has been controlling their
neighborhood yawns the first water was
just the beginning I will give you so
much you're such a dick
I heard you watched a horror film - I
did none of the scariest films I've ever
seen it was called the boy to broad I
understand that some of youth behaviour
would be upsetting and I urge you to
find a place where he feels safe I think
it would be good for him
what I watched it well let me ask you
this
this is spoilers for the boy yeah the
whole thing with the boy is like who's
creepy dolls the doll alive and then it
turns out oh there's a guy in the walls
he's been moving around so that's the
revelation at the end of the first movie
how the fuck do you make a sequel to that
well very poorly
now
yeah
the boy the premise is in the first one creepy you know porcelain face little boy doll
and there's an older couple
an elderly couple
and they invite a nanny
to come to the house it's a babysit
their son and you know the first she's
like is this a joke and then all I
remember is at one point the elderly
couple walks into the sea they both
commit suicide oh yeah because their
real son he got burnt up in a fire or
something bad happened to him that oh no
he killed someone and they oh yeah I
don't know some sort of cover-up and and
then he ended up living in the walls
yeah and so the whole movie the question
was is the boy is the doll alive and
moving
or as the the babysitter lady going
crazy what's the real truth we discover
that it's just a doll there's a boy in
the walls or now a man in the walls and
the should've Bennet the second one
should have been a prequel it could have
been a coming-of-age story well here's
here's what happens oh no Katie Holmes
stars in this film it's a long way down
along my dome she escaped Scientology
for this and nah she stars in the film
she lives I guess she lives in London
and she has a British husband and a
little boy and they have a traumatic
incident in their house where her
husband's away at work and and they get
burglarized and so the son then refuses
to talk because he's been traumatized he
won't speak he'll just draw on a paper
and tell you this so it's like they
speak of therapist and and after a while
the husband goes let's just let's go out
to a vacation home and and take some
time away from the city
maybe he'll heal and you need to heal
too Katie Holmes because she got hit in
the head with like a statue and knocked
out and blood was coming out of her head
oh I thought you're gonna say she needed
to heal cause she was traumatized from
being in jack-and-jill so they go to a
vacation house which is a smaller house
on the property of the Brahms mansion
okay you remember the big mansion and
the old house it's in disrepair now and
it's abandoned and they they go for a
walk in the woods and the little boy
finds the Brahms doll buried in the
woods
but now the doll is inexplicably alive
its head turns you see its smile it's
actually alive now it moves and it's
alive it's now Chucky Katie Holmes us a
little investigating trying to figure
out the origin of the doll she looks at
its feet you know to try and find a
serial number on it and then it's you
see it like going smiling and then it
unsmiling telling the kid you know
Brahmas made me do it and doesn't talk
doesn't know okay no the dog does not
talking step too far
right it's not just child's play the
first child's play movie is that it's
very similar very similar it's it's a
little it's a bunch of blah gray
middle-of-the-road blah the you know the
flips over the table so they're
wondering if the kid is expressing his
trauma through the doll and then over
time Katie Holmes starts to believe that
the doll is alive okay
is there an explanation as to why the
doll is alive now well let me just tell
you this they get to the end there's an
ending that feels like it was a reshoot
there's a little bit where okay she goes
on to an antique doll website they're
gonna say she goes on Antiques Roadshow
she goes on to an antique style website
and she looks at the number and printed
on the foot right and it's 606 H and so
she types in 606 H and nothing comes up
and later in the film she goes wait a
minute 909 H or sorry H 606 909 H chair
and then she types a bog its Goblin
spelled backwards
and so she types it in and she finds
that the doll has this long history so
they're setting up a universe or thus
they're attempting to whether you know
1972 1898 70th all these incidents where
the doll is at the center of a family
drama where the son murders the family
okay and so it's not just a random doll
that was in this house when a boy killed
someone and then fled to live in the
walls
no they're taken they're taking a page
from the Annabelle playbook where you
can go Annabelle comes home and about
begins the origin of Annabelle Annabelle
during the the dinosaurs
Annabelle versus the tiny story
Annabelle you know versus the Roman
Empire I was at a life in this one and
not the first movie though maybe it was
we just never saw it on camera and doing
a little retcon thing to kind of make
this a universe
now Lord that boy movie must have made
some money I think it was probably like
it yeah a super low budget and made a
shitload of money but then at the very
end there like Brahms is gone she finds
out the truth and then they go try to
find Brahms right and then they find him
in the old mansion and he takes he takes
the groundskeeper and he makes him
levitate and then he makes the the like
the fire the the oven explode with fire
and Brahms is doing some stuff and the
husband comes in with a bat or actually
I think he has a cricket paddle or no
I'm sorry croquet it's a croquet mallet
okay I'm sorry all you British folk out
there croquet mallet and the husband
takes it and he hits Brahms in the head
and shatters his head and underneath the
Brahms porcelain head is a little
monster face and he has red eyes and a
butt-hole mouth and he'll be making all
this up and I wouldn't know the
difference
and he's some sort of entity or alien
lived inside the doll yes why I don't
know that's for the next film I guess
yeah and and and who didn't live inside
the down the previous movie because the
previous movie I think they smashed him
but in the movies defense it wasn't a
ten percenter I mean it wasn't it sounds
like it it was until the very end where
you have like questions about what is
the origin of this evil and it's a
little nebulous and vague yeah until
then you're like okay it's an alright
movie that's that's well shot and
decently acted and moving along with a
couple of jump scares it's no it
I mean horror movies are just terrible
nowadays studio ones there's a lot of
really great smaller movies it could
barely qualify as a horror movie it's
kind of like the like the model of like
it's like inverse because now right now
like independent horror movies are
really good and the studio horror movies
are terrible because the studio horror
movies just like have filler it's just
like padding like what do we got to put
in this to make it a feature-length
movie and it'll sprinkle in some jump
scares that's what the olds like
independent like low-budget horror
movies used to be and now it's
completely opposite that's true did
Brahms the boy to play in theaters you
did I don't know if it made money I
can't imagine seeing hey money to see
this going out to the movies and paying
full price
yeah like opening weekend and watching
this trash I mean that's it's bad it's
competent but but uh none creative
there's no kills in it there's no real
scares you know I am hoping for a Brahms
versus Annabelle cross you need to
revive the very short-lived versus
trends from about 15 years ago
can we get David F Sandberg on board to
direct this I think he's moved past that
stuff you know he made a short film
recently since he's everyone's in
quarantine because that's how he started
it was making like short YouTube movies
and he did her one recently that was
pretty well done and then he made a
behind-the-scenes thing about it his
YouTube channels and we're checking out
yeah no no I liked he had a video about
Shazaam this exterior location is
scheduled to shoot early on and turns
out we don't have faith who place Darla
because she's still on another show
she'll be available when we shoot the
interior on a soundstage but she won't
be available here let's say she was
really slow with tying her shoes so she
never got outside in time here's why
they didn't hang their coats up yeah
because I had to get them back out here
because we couldn't shoot this scene
he's like look when you actually make a
movie all these little things that you
don't think of happen every movie
there's like a hundred decisions that
have to be made every minute by all
these different people but anyway
Annabelle versus problems the whole idea
with both of them well I guess now
Brahms moves inexplicably even though he
didn't in the first movie but Annabelle
it's always Annabelle's like a vessel
for other horror Annabelle never moves
so how do you do a versus movie where
you have two dolls that don't move
no they just sit there and they stare at
each other they conjure up other
creatures and no they just sit there oh
god it's just back and forth for two
hours
if a studio could get away with that
they would just people in the background
like honey I'm gonna grocery store to
get get groceries you start dinner it's
mundane stop bein like yeah it's like
that experimental movie wavelengths have
you ever heard of that it's a pretty
famous one it's just a wide shot of a
room and it very slowly zooms in and
goes across the room until the it's like
an hour long and then it gets to the end
and it's just a close-up of a photo it's
on the other side of the room it's like
that but just put Annabelle and Brahms
in the room yeah we won't we won't do a
zoom okay we'll do a true Dali yeah the
very edge of the end of the frame is
Brahms and Annabelle right a 90-minute
long dolly going I don't know super slow
yeah and ladies welcome back with
laundry the kids running up and down the
stairs doing homework and at the very
end they just go knock each other in the
cuss of Kratz yeah and then people go oh
my god I jumped at the end what a great
movie all I remember is the very end the
last like maybe the last 30 seconds is
just like insane fighting like as they
go down to hell or for all the effects
all the action makes everybody forget
the last 90 minutes he'll be the
ultimate film experiment yeah
couple comes in maybe there's a little
like domestic argument between the
husband and wife whatever you got to do
to filter the bills or something yeah
they're arguing about when they'll get
their stimulus check they can drag each
other down to hell
through a vortex and it's like a CGI
extravaganza for the 30 seconds minute
we'll give it a me okay okay then we end
on a Rage Against the Machine song
obviously
directed by David Sam
that was fucking awesome
annabelle versus Brahms
well I guess we're all
caught up on the things we've been
watching during the quarantine yeah
stay on your side I'll stay on mine and
we'll go back to watching stuff yeah
yeah I'm gonna tune in here to the
Amazon or Netflix and can you do that
with a dial yeah well yeah I got to
change the inputs
oh I'll cancel like Netflix and chill is
the kids say right I still got some of
the good stuff here
so what are you watching Oh tiger king
again no it's the only thing on yeah
because Netflix works like a TV station
word I can't choose what to watch you
know they say if you're sitting for
longer than an hour you should get up
and stretch your legs which is what I'm
gonna do I've been sitting for 47 hours
oh yeah I gotta stretch my legs okay you
give me that one for dessert
