Oct 21, 2022
Mr. Plinkett Talks About Halloween Ends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCPx2U4susU
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1583450639195312130
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedLetterMedia/comments/y9bps6/mr_plinkett_talks_about_halloween_ends

hello it's me Mr blanket I'm Not Dead
Yet I'd like to talk about a few things
I noticed in the movie Halloween ends
it's not as bad as your friends tell you
it is despite the fact that many people
were disappointed that the old Michael
Myers didn't just stab people again the
whole time the way this movie was shot
and a lot of the details in the script
are pretty good actually it's a little
anti-hero film about transformation and
the nature of what makes people evil a
shockingly thoughtful premise coming
right after the embarrassingly bad
Halloween kills let's talk about the
general motif of change and all the
symbolism themes of transformation are
all over the place the obvious one is
the Catalyst family in the opening scene
the dad at the beginning is playing the
piano in his mansion
later on we see him playing pool in some
filthy bar same with the mom and her
downfall the house itself visually is a
symbol of negative change
[Music]
and the piano keys is a motif that's
repeated
so this is our inciting incident
what caused this the little brat kid
that's who and the other overbearing
mother in the film she warns Corey that
her kid is scared of stuff and he what's
the bad Jeremy's been afraid of Dork
he's been wetting the bed at night turns
out he's a mean little prick that loves
violence Gore and teasing people here's
the first awful person in this town
that's turned rotten it's time to lock
your doors it's literally a little
werewolf that changes form at night he
wears a mask there are many indications
of the importance of masks in this film
stemming from the Halloween theme of
course Allison claims to quote not have
a costume at one point do you have your
costume for the party I told you I don't
want to go alone
so I'm not going indicating that she's
an open person who isn't hiding anything
unlike her doctor boss and that shameful
nurse who ironically dress in their own
sort of costumes at work hiding deep
dark secrets underneath and at the
Doctor's house their true nature is
revealed a monstrous pervert and a
gold-digging when Allison finally does
get a mask or disposition and
motivations change
so let's quickly talk about some visual
motifs parallels and basic setups and
payoffs
to set up the malfunctioning microwave
that blows up food when you try to cook
it it sees later to startle Michael so
that the worst Road could attack them
they also set up the location of the
fire extinguisher when Lori Burns her
Halloween pie or whatever so we know
it's there and it just didn't come out
of nowhere when she grabs it to beat
Michael Myers with it before throwing a
refrigerator on them
and also Allison's car makes a rattling
sound it's mentioned many times
throughout the film so my car's been
rattling rattling pulled you over
because it looks like your Muffler's
about to fall off better get that fixed
for you I have a bigger problem this is
what Corey hears outside at the end
which indicates that he knows that it's
Allison that's pulling up outside the
house that's what makes him stab himself
in the throat the frame of Grandma Loris
Road and ruin their relationship and one
final Act of evil
in the beginning the kid throws a paper
airplane at Corey later in the film on
Corey's in the abandoned house Lori
Strode is there rocking on the chair she
also throws the paper airplane this is a
callback to indicate that Lori really
isn't there she's inside Corey's head
Corey sleeps on the floor of the empty
house in the exact spot where the kid
died he then dies in basically the same
spot but in a different house his
character's descent is visually and
metaphorically displayed by images of
him at the top of the stairs at the
start of the film and then the bottom of
the stairs at the end now there are the
obvious visual Clues to compare Michael
Myers and Corey Cunningham but some of
the more noteworthy ones are Cory wears
a mechanics uniform just like Michael
Myers his name is also alliterative CC
and mm in Halloween 4 Michael Myers
steals a tow truck and in this film
Corey uses one to kill people with
also in a similar POV shot from the
original Halloween Corey grabs a kitchen
knife out of the drawer to kill his
mother when the dad of the Dead child is
talking in the bar about trying to
forgive Corey very prominently behind
him are neon dice on the wall their
numbers add up to 12. in numerology the
number 12 stresses the importance of
ridding your life of negative energies
ending toxic relationships leaving a bad
job and approaching all situations with
a new optimistic attitude
[Music]
take a look at some transformation Clues
now it's no secret Corey is transforming
into something evil it's the [ __ ]
plot of the movie but the script has
some lovely subtleties in it first off
of course the pumpkins in the opening
credit sequence symbolize evil changing
shape or taking on a new form there's a
mention of the death tarot card early on
in the film Oh no I got death card no
that just means a major phase is ending
and a new one is about to begin there's
a better visual symbolism of him
transforming from his regular pedal bike
to a more powerful motorcycle I'm
actually getting rid of the bike so if
you want it you can have it I got a
motorcycle which is given to him by one
of the few people in the town that are
actually nice to him his dad or stepdad
or whatever that weird looking
pear-shaped man is Gory also loses his
glasses because it got stepped on by the
bullies usually when a character has a
change of vision in a movie it's a
pretty obvious metaphor for seeing the
world differently now Corey likes
chocolate milk but in the film he never
gets to drink it in the beginning he
takes out the carton but doesn't get a
chance to open it and then he purchases
a bottle at the gas station which leads
to the most important scene in the whole
film the moment that Corey finally snaps
I know who you are it is something messy
I can't believe they let you off you're
that psycho babysitter
he squeezes the glass of milk bottle and
it breaks in his hand now this whole
scene happens right in front of an ice
machine with a giant logo for something
called Triangle Ice a triangle
represents manifestation Enlightenment
Revelation and a higher perspective it
is often used to Mark the cycles of
growth that lead to a higher state of
being our Egyptians viewed pyramids in
the same way that's why they were used
as tombs a vehicle for transcending
beyond the human form into something new
and greater Corey's caught on his hand
is mentioned to be infected Laura calls
evil an infection the suffering Michael
cause became an infection passing on to
people who never even crossed his path
Allison says about his wound don't want
to get infected then later she looks at
his hand and just says
infected this is also no doubt meant to
be a parallel of the Christian concept
of stigmata and Corey's of eventual
crucifixion by the towns and lorries
ideals and paranoia Dynasty Corey was
always fascinated with transcending he
wanted to attend college and become
something better
after that failed he talked about the
radio tower and reaching the top of it
that Tower
if I could climb at the top
the radio tower is later seen on fire
the radio tower and its importance was
also foreshadowed in Halloween kills
this repeated theme or idea of the radio
station and the DJ broadcasting also
comes into play it works as a metaphor
for the external evil that Laurie spoke
of in the house you know they're two
kinds of evil there's the evil that
exists as an external force that
threatens the well-being of the tribe
the other kind of evil lives inside us
like a sickness or an infection glory is
affected by the constant negative energy
of the Town
constantly permeating his brain the
bullies the people whispering about him
and generally being ostracized it
Burrows into him like an ear worm like a
song or like an annoying radio DJ and
what's really getting here
your favorite song stuck in your head
lastly Corey dies by his own hand and a
final gesture of a love that is
forbidden Larry Strode Ironically in
trying to stop evil created it
all right I didn't even scare you I'm
just waiting for Allison
two ill-fated lovers Corey and Allison
struggled to find their place in
Haddonfield they did everything they
could do to fit in and live normal lives
but they struggled done finally one free
of their confines and allowed to be
themselves they get pulled right back
down by the paranoid mask wearing
fearful town that is Haddonfield
and Laurie Strode
oh and then Michael Myers pointlessly
shows up to fight Lori and they throw
him in a meat grinder yeah
[Music]
Michael Myers is so old it should be
called Halloween Japans
