Feb 24, 2012
Chronicle and Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRqdL7qR0d4
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/173168055969513472
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/339130786130477
https://www.redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag/half-in-the-bag-chronicle-and-ghost-rider-spirit-of-vengeance

Half in the bag.
Hey, don't you got anything better to do?
Everybody's dead because of you Oh me
yeah you there's sorted screeches around
this goddamn alcohol oh because of you
you want to see some blood first off
tickle a star oh god what a horrible
mess
this is ghastly
I know yeah double-click the mouse no no
you have to double click or Jedi hear it
twice no you have to do it fast
who'da thought creating an online dating
profile would be so difficult huh why
isn't he helping Hey hey you
other better Georg I what are you doing
I'm watching a videotape oh my butt Oh
ah here we go there's your online dating
profile let's start setting it up oh
good good you know I have been on a date
in a real long time no huh
you know I used to go out with Sharon
Stone really oh no I think I was just
masturbating to Basic Instinct sometimes
I remember that's a little bit fuzzy did
you say Basic Instinct
well I'll let you start setting up your
profile I'm gonna go get back to work oh
oh hi everyone welcome to half in the
bag I'm Mike and I'm Jay and earlier
today we saw a new film called Chronicle
that's right
I don't want to do it dude I don't want
to do it okay are you ready okay you do
it give me a countdown I will I promise
Chronicle is a film about three high
school students who are bestowed with or
rather infected with whichever way you
choose to look at it a mysterious alien
power of telekinesis the film chronicles
the three people as they use and then
eventually misuse their new amazing
powers Jay what did you think of the
film I liked it a lot I thought it was a
really good movie a really solid movie
it's sort of bizarre to think in this
day and age that movie can be thought of
as a breath of fresh air when all it
does is tell a story well this is true
this is true um yeah it's old its story
well you know was an amazing story well
it's it's had all those elements that
we've seen before of you know the young
people getting superpowers learning to
with great power comes great
responsibility yeah all that stuff but
it was the way it was told yeah well
that was the first thing I thought of
like I saw the trailer for it and it did
kind of come off like a amalgamation of
all the different kind of things that
are popular now you know hip teens and
superheroes and found-footage
chocolates and I'm surprised it and put
vampires and oh my god you'll save that
for the sequel I'll have to fight
vampires yeah yeah it was a good movie
and surprisingly for me it had two of
the things that that are like you know a
bad news for me in terms of movies which
is the found footage idea and teens sure
whenever whenever there's teens in a
movie it always feels like a 48 year old
wrote the dialogue yeah and then yeah
oh no and then found-footage you and I
with with filmmaking backgrounds or like
no they couldn't put the camera there
they wouldn't actually think to record
now right they wouldn't be able to get
that kind of lighting in the middle of a
dark Theater but this movie sort of like
the story took over yeah and then I was
able to not really kind of get fixated
on that stuff which is good for me I
mean that's that's a monumental
achievement well it's sort of like the
exact opposite of like drive where drive
as a movie where it kind of works
because of the style because of the way
the story is told because the story is
not super complicated and this is one
where the story started works in spite
of the style in spite of the
found-footage approach to it we're
really gonna get become for me this
movie would have been fine as a straight
narrative and I thought it would have
worked better is traditional narrative
and in context of the movie it doesn't
make sense because in all other
found-footage movies there's a reason my
summons shooting like Blair Witch you
know obviously they're making a
documentary about the Blair Witch and
this or that or what's that movie with
the giant dinosaur in it Cloverfield no
color um they were filming a party or so
there's some sort of context in this
movie it's like this strange antisocial
kid and he was always scared I got about
getting beat up and so the one thing he
shouldn't be doing is walking around the
gigantic cannon xl1 children you know
like yeah some bullies are gonna try and
knock that out of your hand you know and
it didn't make sense in the logic of the
movie that that kid would want to record
stuff yeah it just didn't make their
there was some stuff early on where that
style the found footage style I thought
worked to the movies advantage stuff
would like when they're first learning
to use their powers and they're like
throwing rocks and baseballs at each
other's heads it's like like jackass so
he's you take video or like a YouTube
video yeah cuz the movie went along it
started to get more and more convoluted
like why things were being filmed or how
they were being filmed
well they introduced the love interest
character for the one guy and she had a
blog
and that the she was over filming
everything all the time and setting the
camera up in a doorway well yeah the
guys showed up unexpectedly yeah where's
the girl existed it so they could have
another camera angle later movie yeah
and yeah well and then there's parts
were yeah she's shooting and then
someone else is shooting so they can do
shot reverse shot yeah and then towards
the end of the movie there's all these
like camera phones and security cameras
and it's cutting between all that well
the worst part was was there's a scene
with the the father comes to visit the
kid in the hospital know the police so
like you know we have to we have to have
a camera on for security purposes or for
our investigation like with you and what
you know filled someone in the hospital
and so filming some in the bathroom like
that's a violation of civil rights and
which which I didn't mind they had a
little clever way of getting sort of
Steadicam stuff in the high up angles
and that was the kid was making the
camera float around with his mind right
and that was sort of a that was a clever
way of yeah of getting camera movements
in there but if you wanted all these
camera movements just just shoot it like
a movie or do half and half I'd be
curious to know if it was written as a
found footage thing or if that was sort
of something that came up in the course
of putting the movie together yeah I
don't I'm not sure but right hey guys
what's a more romantic term for handjob
oh maybe you should just leave that out
completely
you probably shouldn't use any kind of
like sexual terminology and your online
dating profile yeah tell them you're
looking for love I'll just say hand well
then okay that works
okay whatever anyway just some great
thing in hell is this guy's problem
why did you do that with Ellis ruins was
it an accident Andrew Andrew the
interesting thing about the story is
that while watching the movie I was kind
of thinking it reminded me of the Star
Wars prequels and how much better this
told a similar kind of story a similar
theme in in like a mere 83 minutes or
however long the movie is so much better
than the prequels like three movies yeah
you were more emotionally invested and
interested in what was happening and it
didn't showed more of a downfall into
madness yeah it starts out as a normal
kid sort of develops as power learns to
harness it starts to abuse it lets his
emotions take over like the exact same
thing just told in a way where you care
about things that are happening in the
movie yeah yeah so suck on that George
Lucas they made this movie for $8.00
most movies feel bloated and this is one
where there's a lot of story elements
going on but it's all balanced really
well where it sets up a lot of things
early on they all pay off the characters
have an arc the story has a natural
progression mmm well I'll disagree a
little bit there but yeah remember say
like if this were like a you know a
track race or sprint guy was running it
just tumbled a little and kept going
there wasn't really like this looming
thing that had to happen or get resolved
I don't know I went when that party
scene came up I kept thinking of like
Carrie oh yeah like like somebody's
gonna go nuts or something yeah like it
was gonna culminate and then it's sort
of like stumbled and backtracked a
little yeah I guess I would agree with
that cuz I was expecting during that
party scene something really bad to
happen I was just waiting for it it
almost felt like they were setting it up
and then nothing too terrible happened
and then he was like generally mad about
things yeah yeah you know and I like
that in a way because it's kind of like
how real-life would happen you know
there's not always just like we've got
to fight the bad guy on the roof of this
building right and especially for a
teenager
it felt appropriators don't know
what they want right I don't know who
they are yet they haven't emotionally
matured so they have that angle yet
which I liked it was a good depiction of
teenagers without being too like
precious or sappy or anything country
listen to me we can't screw around with
this it's too dangerous
hey drew it's not a game stop this right
now
I noticed that the the alien device that
got buried in the ground looked very
similar to the the the crystal space pod
that they launched Superman as a baby in
mm in Superman the motion picture
you know when they launched a modest
about of Krypton when it's exploding and
it's like do to do to do to do and
there's a baby and he's listening to I'm
Marlon Brando in the thing and it's love
love love love singing do-do-do-do-do
and and it looked almost exactly like
that and I think that was sort of a nod
to Superman Superman like that's these
guys are gonna get superhuman strength
and ability perhaps look that up I will
perhaps do a comparison here right here
to see if I all right I am there's
nothing there no no that's for graphics
later no the graphics aren't there oh
you didn't look it up I must have forgot
to look it up when I was editing the
episode watch this
yes it was the black guy this time okay
now it's time to upload my picture oh my
god is that the best picture that you
have you should probably use a more
flattering picture for your profile I
guess it's a good idea yeah all right
all right well it's better yeah okay so
this is apparently kind of the little
movie that could and that it's like a
low-budget thing that it's sort of
slowly been rolled out sore
word-of-mouth the spread it's been out
for a few weeks now and we just saw it
very similar to skyline which is the
little movie that could look it's sort
of the exact opposite of skyline a
little low-budget thing that looks like
a bigger movie and then comes out and is
a piece of garbage this is the exactly
city skyline identity skylines it's a
piece I did it was one of those movies
where it feels like they filmed
everything and then later on added
everything
I had that thought with transformers 3
Chicago and then everywhere there's
smoke plumes and glass broken
I just picture like computer layers
going adding in all these different
effects over and over on top of each
other and it all just feels like yes
well it's it's not much different than
the no-budget movies where people just
put in those those plug-in like muzzle
flare yeah yeah so I'm just dropping
everything in afterwards
well Chronicle obviously a lot of the
effects were done later and and the fact
that it is a low-budget thing sort of is
in the back of your mind yeah the whole
time well what's interesting is a lot of
that like the flying effects and things
like that I thought were more convincing
than like the x-men first class movie
yeah how does that happen that's good or
better yeah I thought they were better I
thought they were more convincing when
they're flying around yeah yeah what is
that I do we're going to sack Steve wait
up man look at this oh it's worth giving
your money to I guess a low-budget movie
that is trying to tell a story with
characters and it's in you it's well
worth giving your money to any movie
that's trying to just tell a story at
this point
yeah so on to Ghost Rider spirit of
vengeance all I'm done nothing to do now
but waiting for the float of emails to
come in you're just gonna sit there this
whole time and wait sure we're not well
it's not gonna do Oh mr. plink it it it
might take a while and by a while I mean
never I asked you
you'll take on a new form on more
powerful
it's the early months of the year and we
all know what that means of course it's
time for another crappy Nick Cage movie
yes
this year it's Ghost Rider spirit of
vengeance
Ghost Rider vengeance of spirits is the
sequel that nobody asked for to the
movie that nobody saw and it tells the
story of Terminator 2 but stupider cage
as the Ghost Rider must protect the fate
of a little boy who is being groomed to
take on the throne of Satan or something
what did you think of Ghost Rider spend
Spungen civ spirits spend money on
vengeance Ghost Rider Ghost Rider or
Ghost Rider Ghost Rider had a
ghostwriter yes
Ghost Rider vengeance of spirits I you
know I liked it I don't know you know I
didn't mind it I guess I have to say the
first like 30 minutes I wanted to sleep
yeah I didn't hate it like this is the
kind of movie where it's hard to hate
like it's stupid but it's trashy and it
kind of knows it it's not good but
there's a lot of like really negative
you know critical reactions to it to me
it's just like whatever but yeah I was
born during the first like half hour of
the movie well I will say before
everyone starts getting on our case is
about like the the legacy of Ghost Rider
and the comic books and all that stuff I
don't know a flying shit fuck about
Ghost Rider well what I thought was
interesting cuz Ghost Rider I think is
sort of like a B character in the Marvel
Universe yeah like he was created I
think in the 70s like around the time
that Evel Knievel was getting popular
okay um but I thought it was interesting
the opening logo for this movie you know
all the Marvel movies have the the
Marvel Studios logo this one it was
called like Marvel Knights
it wasn't the regular Marvel logo as
like they created a beast category for
their their film unit to release their
crap B movies that aren't you know the
Hulk or like Thor well yeah ghost ghost
writer falls into that category of like
superheroes in movies that are like
completely unmarketable yeah like the
Hulk
and it's it's something everyone has
heard of everyone's heard of the Hulk
everyone's heard of Ghost Rider
everyone's heard of The Punisher but for
some reason those movies don't ever work
no and I don't know why in movies like
Superman spider-man Batman always seem
to work the more popular comic book
characters and the lesser ones it's hard
to get behind it that's what I'm trying
to say so I don't know a lick about
Ghost Rider I don't care but the film I
didn't see the first one but the film's
sets up well enough in that little comic
book animation montage oh yeah the
opening and I'm like okay got it
like I'm like I'm thinking explain to me
what the fuck Ghost Rider is when I was
watching it and um and they did the
Ghost Rider looked great yeah I liked
the look of it I like the sauce charts
because I've seen I haven't seen the
first movie either but from what I have
seen the bits I have seen the skull is
sort of like like just a white skull
with flames around it I like that this
one he was like charred like it looked
good like the cock work you see top
notch look in animation I thought it was
really neat looking yeah actually and
when he's riding on the motorcycle it's
like hey you know Ghost Rider is on the
screen
yeah I was happy with that this giant is
in danger I don't say
if you don't have the dental don't have
a new phone when a more powerful days
ever known the only interest I have in
movies the fact that it was directed by
the guys who did the crank movies and I
think those movies are kind of brilliant
in their own way not in their own way
there they're very very self-aware of
what they're doing and they're very
over-the-top and very ridiculous to the
point where every scene you're like I
can't believe this isn't a mainstream
action movie like a guy's cutting off
his nipples now or our girls getting
shot in our breast implants and they're
leaking everywhere like just the most
bizarre insane stuff crank one and its
sequel which is called crank to high
voltage yes are the greatest films ever
made
they are wonderful especially crank - I
really love great - so what I found out
that those guys were doing Ghost Rider
was like all right it's a goofy premise
it's got a goofy actor in the lead and
it's got these guys who may be insane
you know directing it and the problem is
that most of the movie is just really
sort of dull in run-of-the-mill there's
a few flourishes and unfortunately the
first one doesn't happen until like 30
minutes into the movie that time he
turns in the Ghost Rider is amazing it's
like spliced in from another movie
I wish the movie had more bizarro shit
like that
yeah well I can tell you exactly what
happened was you know some producer had
the money or the script for a second
ghostwriter movie and they said let's
get these guys that made crank yeah
because it's a similar kind of concept
there's a guy who's got a problem and is
in a hurry and it has some sort of
craziness about them those guys will be
great to direct it but it's got to be
rated pg-13 rated pg-13 and here's our
script yeah thank guys are like well
we're used to doing our own thing yeah
they didn't write this they've written
their other they were all the crank
movies right and they're like we're used
to horror bowls where words hookers sex
you know exploding helicopters whatever
and the lethal racism so but if it was a
situation where it's like here's a giant
check yeah then then maybe it's like oh
okay or they want to do bigger movies
bigger budgeted movies something like
that but I could see why they picked the
crank guys and we could have this all
wrong the crank guys might have sought
out trying to do the sequel to Ghost
Rider and I don't feel live long during
the dream to go there Ghost Rider
comical but it seems like like a logical
pairing yeah of some you know studio
person thinking that they would be right
for this type of material the problem is
it's a kind of a traditional script yeah
traditional compared to the crank movies
that's that's pretty much any movie yeah
and there's lots of scenes in the movie
where it's like we have to have our
conversation driving to the next
location so that's the the biggest
problem is that the middle of the movie
is just like driving there's so much
driving when it is action like I ought
that there's a there's an action scene
at the end of the movie it's a long sort
of car chase sequence I thought that was
really well done and I thought it would
have been really kick-ass if I given a
shit at that point in the movie but I
had already given up on it
I appreciate the way they shoot action
like on a technical standpoint like they
do a lot of their own handheld camera
work like them personally they strap on
rollerblades and they like ride along
with cars and film that way they have a
very sort of frantic camera style lots
of quick cutting but you still sort of
understand the geography of everything
and really well-done but that was like
the only big exciting action scene in
the whole movie yeah the other scenes
are fine they didn't have a lot of
consequence to them the ending did you
know cuz it's like I don't really like
kids but you know the kid like Nicolas
Cage and there's like a minor minor
subplot within the cage and his father
he wanted to save his father and so he
sees a little kid and he's like oh I'm
gonna try and be if I was very T - yeah
um so it's like okay I kind of care
about these two characters the mother
the son and the fact that the son is
being groomed to take over the body of
the devil and you know there's a one
line that really kind of Reaper to my
interest in it oh yeah yeah I noticed II
laughing oh yeah the mothers like he's
it sets up to be like this emotional
scene she's like he's a good boy and
tennis one good thing I have to
that being the case we better make sure
he doesn't turn out to be the Antichrist
that's a completely straight it's like
and then at the scene just sends and
it's like like brilliant yeah yeah and
then the movie could have used more of
that yeah more schlock yeah and then and
then they end up at a devil worshipping
ceremony at the end yeah and I'm like
all right I like this okay I didn't mind
it no yeah I don't know for me it was
like there wasn't enough schlock for me
to appreciate from the guys who made
crank there wasn't enough Nicolas Cage
scenery-chewing there was only like one
or two there's a couple moments too
where you're like why is he say things
the way he says them and it's amazing
but there wasn't that much of that it
was kind of a few scenes early on and
the rest he just seems kind of bored
yeah it's like by the ending the endings
badass and that makes you forget the
rest of the movie to the point where I
thought I was thinking during it like
this is a movie for thirteen-year-old
boys like they'll love this movie and as
I was walking out to the parking lot
after the movie got out there's a
thirteen-year-old kid a goofy-looking
kid on his cell phone that had just left
the theater
he's talking to his friend and he says
dude Ghost Rider was awesome I was like
well there you go it has its audio it
has its audience and it's it's stupid
but it's not offensively stupid
first guy coming
I'm not afraid of you
Goethe writer the the the
antithesis or the polar opposite of
what's your number
this ghostwriters like guilty pleasure
movie by a mile
if Julian Bellinger right here would
would she tell me that ghostwriter it
was terrible and insulting and stupid
and you know or am i right in saying
it's an okay guilty pleasure because I
find it a guilty pleasure yeah it's it's
not a great movie right um and it's a
movie about a ghostwriter the guy with a
curse where demon takes over his body
and yeah and and starts well that you
start with it inherently silly premise
you know and you sort of play up to that
with something like what's your number
where the point is to make a a light
romantic comedy about people making a
connection like and no one acts like
human beings you're supposed to have
like people as the main characters and
they're not people they're they're
weirdo aliens
would you say the character is the way
that people acted in Ghost Rider was
more realistic because I would a more
realistic in the context of what the
movie is sure I believe that mother
feared that her son would turn into the
Antichrist
the people you're on fire nice awesome
so I think seeing this has made me want
to see Ghost Rider one what the fuck is
wrong with you oh well that's the
doorbell right it's right if I ain't
ever heard one well this internet dating
stuff sure works fast wait you already
got a date your profiles only been up
for like an hour what can I say the
chicks dig me now can you get the door
for me I don't walk too well and I smell
like you and waste I can't wait to see
this old hag female version of linkit
sad old lonely yeah oh oh oh is this the
post office oh well now I feel like an
asshole
well the hell did I get here fuck was
that hello I'm looking for
mr. Harry EGIS planket why that'd be me
honey pie I'm glad you could make it
here so quick I'm certainly excited to
see you oh well are you ready for our
date sugar Chuck then let me just grab
my Walker
this yours my night on the town wall mmm
it's clean yeah well that's too bad
because I kind of like it dirty oh my
come on honey we got a good for the
dollar store I need to pick up condoms
oh very nice I don't think we'll be
needing those well hello
is that one of those old VCRs well I
haven't seen one of those since before I
was born
you should really consider getting one
of those DVD players
okay
